# Source: https://assets.lloyds.com/media/5070d2bd-3819-4e31-b1e3-c67c656e5eb8/Lloyds-Annual-Report_2022.pdf
# Extracted: 2025-12-09T20:30:16.210561
# PDF: market_commentary_data\pdfs\lloyds_official\lloyds_annual_report_2022.pdf
# Length: 615859 characters
#======================================================================

Annual Report
2022
Sharing risk to create
a braver world

Lloyd’s is the world’s leading
insurance and reinsurance
marketplace. We’re sharing
risk to create a braver world –
protecting what matters most,
building resilience and helping
people and businesses
recover in times of need.
Contents
Strategic Report S ociety Report
At a Glance 02 Council Statement 65
Chairman’s Statement 05 Corporate Governance 71
Chief Executive’s Statement 07 Report of the Remuneration Committee 86
Who We Are 09 Report of the Audit Committee 98
Our Purpose 10 Report of the Lloyd’s Members’ Ombudsman 103
Our Strategy 13 Report of the Risk Committee 104
Sustainability 16 Financial Review 107
Statement of the Council’s Responsibilities for the 113
Market Results Financial Statements
2022 Highlights 21 Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of the 114
Statement of Council’s Responsibilities 31 Society of Lloyd’s
Report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to the 32 Group Profit and Loss and Statement of 121
Council on the 2022 Pro Forma Financial Statements Comprehensive Income
Pro Forma Profit and Loss Account 33 Group Balance Sheet 122
Pro Forma Statement of Comprehensive Income 34 Group Statement of Changes in Equity 124
Pro Forma Balance Sheet 35 Group Statement of Cash Flows 125
Pro Forma Statement of Cash Flows 36 Notes to the Financial Statements 126
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements 37 Alternative Performance Measures 167
Glossary of Terms and Useful Links 169
0011 LLllooyydd’’ss AAnnnnuuaall RReeppoorrtt 22002222

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
At a Glance
Our Performance: Our purpose
Financial key Everything we do at Lloyd’s is underpinned by one unifying purpose:
sharing risk to create a braver world. Our purpose speaks to the
performance indicators aspiration and impact of the market and our collective ability to find
solutions to the world’s most challenging problems.
Gross written premium
Our strategic priorities at a glance
£46,705m
We continue to focus on Lloyd’s four strategic priorities, delivering
2021: £39,216m value for our stakeholders in a complex and changing world.
Our four strategic priorities are:
(Loss)/profit before tax
£(769)m Performance
In 2022, the Lloyd’s market reported a strong underwriting result
2021: £2,277m
of £2,641m (2021: £1,741m), with a combined ratio of 91.9% (2021:
93.5%). The market is exceptionally well capitalised with the central
Combined ratio
solvency ratio increasing to 412% (2021: 388%), though rising
91.9%
interest rates in 2022 led to significant valuation losses across the
portfolio, driving reported net investment losses and an overall loss
2021: 93.5%
of £(769)m before tax (2021: profit of £2,277m). The valuation
losses on our bond portfolio have no cash flow impact and will
Attritional loss ratio
reverse out over the next two-to-three years as the assets reach
48.4%
maturity. Lloyd’s strong performance has been driven by our
continued focus on portfolio management action, demonstrated by
2021: 48.9%
a 0.5% reduction in the attritional loss ratio (48.9% in 2021 reducing
to 48.4% in 2022). Our focus on sustainable, profitable performance
Expense ratio
will continue throughout 2023, supported by our principles-based
34.4%
oversight framework and a differentiated approach to syndicate
business planning.
2021: 35.5%
Digitalisation
Underwriting result
Together with market participants, associations and vendors,
£2,641m
we are delivering a modern, efficient and data-driven marketplace
through the development and adoption of new technologies and
2021: £1,741m
process improvements outlined in Blueprint Two. The London
Market Joint Venture (a partnership between DXC Technology,
Investment return
the International Underwriting Association and Lloyd’s) completed
£(3,128)m
its first build sequences in 2022, and the LMG Data Council has
been instrumental in developing the tools to capture and manage
2021: £948m
accurate and consistent data for market participants. Delegated
authority solutions are also being improved to enable faster
Total capital, reserves and subordinated loan notes
validation and payment of claims to policyholders – a key goal in
£40,205m
our journey to a better, faster and cheaper market.
2021: £36,553m Purpose
Lloyd’s purpose of sharing risk for a braver world sits at the heart
Return on capital
of our ambition to build a more sustainable, resilient and inclusive
(2.0)%
marketplace and society. Lloyd’s delivered a number of initiatives
to advance our sustainability strategy in 2022. These included
2021: 6.6%
continuing to convene His Majesty The King’s Sustainable Markets
Initiative Insurance Task Force, bringing together leaders across our
Central solvency coverage ratio
industry to actively support and enable decarbonisation, transition
412%
and climate innovation across the global economy. To help alleviate
global food insecurity, our market worked with the UN to enable the
2021: 388%
transportation of millions of tonnes of Ukrainian grain; and Lloyd’s
Futureset released two flagship reports on the impact of the
Market-wide solvency coverage ratio
Ukraine conflict across areas including climate change, the energy
181%
transition, supply chains, food security and cyber.
2021: 177% Culture
We developed and implemented a new strategy for culture at Lloyd’s,
Read more about our performance in the ‘Market Performance’ successfully delivering our year one priorities. Our market made
section. The above metrics include alternative performance progress in building a diverse and inclusive culture, with 35% of firms
measures; see page 167 for definitions. achieving or exceeding our 35% women in leadership target and 17%
of market firms achieving the one in three ethnic minority hiring
ambition. 2022 also saw the Corporation achieve Gold Status on the
Clear Assured Accreditation standard, demonstrating how we have
embedded diversity and inclusion into our policies and practices.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 02

Contents
Chairman’s Statement 05
Chief Executive’s Statement 07
Who We Are 09
Our Purpose 10
Our Strategy 13
Sustainability 15
0033 LLllooyydd’’ss AAnnnnuuaall RReeppoorrtt 22002222

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic
Report
LLllooyydd’’ss AAnnnnuuaall RReeppoorrtt 22002222 0044

Chairman’s Statement
Lloyd’s has every reason to be proud of its performance in 2022.
Despite several years of turbulence; from the political shocks of
2016 to the pandemic which continues to have an impact in 2023,
and headwinds which include major claims in Ukraine and Hurricane
Ian in the US – we continue to deliver sustainable and improving
underwriting performance.
Lloyd’s has demonstrated great financial strength – with double
digit growth, a strong combined ratio and an exceptional capital
position – driven by the market’s greater attention to underwriting
discipline and risk selection, started in earnest five years ago and
pursued consistently since. That focus is bearing fruit in the form
of consistent performance and a resilient balance sheet, allowing
us to be the source of stability, protection and advice that our
stakeholders – customers, governments, regulators, capital
providers and intermediaries – need at this time.
Demonstrating leadership
The operating environment has been difficult for everyone. The
overlapping crises we’ve faced have created a complex set of
challenges for us to tackle: from the risk of recession to the impacts
of inflation on the cost of living and on claims.
It has now been a year since Russia’s invasion of Ukraine: an event
that has caused shockwaves around the globe. Rising food and
energy prices triggered by the invasion have left households and
Bruce Carnegie-Brown businesses in difficulty; while the initial economic rebound seen in
2021 has dissipated into slow growth in 2022.
Chairman, Lloyd’s
The need for businesses to show leadership and a clear direction
“Lloyd’s has demonstrated great of travel has never been greater – from net zero to building a more
inclusive society, restating what we stand for and strive for – and
financial strength – with double digit
partnering broadly to achieve those goals – is an essential part of
growth, a strong combined ratio and supporting our world through those present challenges. Lloyd’s has
an important role to play in demonstrating the value and expertise
exceptional capital position.”
of our marketplace and in our ability to convene and lead the global
insurance industry to find risk solutions in an uncertain world.
05 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Supporting a braver world The spirit of Lloyd’s
Our purpose at Lloyd’s is to share risk to create a braver world. At the heart of our market is collaboration. No small amount of
By pooling the expertise and capacity of insurers in our market, that was needed in 2022, and I’d like to thank our people – in
we help people and businesses make smarter and bolder decisions the Corporation and across the market – for the outstanding
in the face of uncertainty. When conflict hit Ukraine, we worked commitment and creativity they have shown in supporting the
to support both an effective response – delivering government market’s strong performance throughout the year. That spirit
sanctions and tackling the complex challenges faced by customers extended to our wider networks, where we joined with government,
– and proactive resilience, delivering research insights and creating regulators, investors and academia to innovate and, importantly, to
new solutions such as a landmark insurance facility to enable the find solutions.
export of grain from Ukraine to the world.
We can say with certainty that 2023 will bring challenges of its own;
yet that has been the trend over our 330 plus years of operating at
“Our purpose at Lloyd’s is to share
Lloyd’s. I am confident we will see a world growing in ambition in
risk to create a braver world. By the coming years – and Lloyd’s stands ready to progress and enable
such ambitions. We look forward to working with all our
pooling the expertise and capacity
stakeholders to support that braver world in 2023 and beyond.
of insurers in our market, we help
“I am confident we will see a world
people and businesses make smarter
growing in ambition and bravery
and bolder decisions in the face
in the coming years.”
of uncertainty.”
At the same time, rising prices and a slower growth environment
have required us to show sensitivity and pragmatism in how we
support our people, customers and communities. In September,
we issued a one-off payment to many Lloyd’s employees to
help with the cost of living; while the creation of our Lloyd’s of Bruce Carnegie-Brown,
London Foundation has enabled us to support charities and Chairman of Lloyd’s
communities around the world. In tandem, we have worked with
our market to manage the cost and capital implications of a high
inflation economy.
Behind these efforts, we have continued the important work that
forms the core of our market: understanding complex risks and
finding ways to mitigate them. That includes sharing our expertise
on natural catastrophes with a world that has seen these events
grow in frequency and severity in recent years, while working to
build climate resilience in communities around the world. At the
same time, we have continued innovating to develop new centres
of excellence in fields like cyber, space and renewable technologies.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 06

Chief Executive’s Statement
2022 marked another year of continued progress and strong
underwriting results for our market, following five years of hard
work to get our performance, culture and digital transformation
into shape.
It’s been a difficult year for the global economy, businesses and
households. That uncertainty poses opportunities to help customers
mitigate new and evolving risks, through innovation and cooperation
– and as insurers, we’ve shown sensitivity to the challenges our
customers and people are facing, supporting them with the
thoughtful and flexible solutions they need.
Against this landscape, we have demonstrated the collective
strength and resilience of the Lloyd’s market; through both our
financial performance and playing a leading role in responding to
challenges such as climate change and cyber risk. Our work has
paid dividends throughout the year – and though there’s more to do,
it has allowed us to set our sights on growth and lead our industry
in the years ahead.
Sustaining performance
Nowhere was that work more evident than in our underwriting
results for 2022, which demonstrate a profitable and high
performing marketplace that can support sustainable growth
through 2023 and beyond.
John Neal Continuing our strong underwriting performance, the Lloyd’s market
delivered a fantastic combined ratio of 91.9% (2021: 93.5%) and an
CEO, Lloyd’s
underwriting result of £2,641m (2021: £1,741m) – a top quartile result
compared to industry peers. The expense ratio fell again to 34.4%,
“2022 marked another year of
from 35.5% in 2021, building on the hard work to reduce the cost of
continued progress and strong doing business in our market. We reported an overall loss of £769m
before tax, due to mark-to-market accounting rules on our
underwriting results for our market,
investments requiring us to mark the value of assets down to reflect
following five years of hard work prevailing market conditions – in this case, rising interest rates.
However, this loss is expected to reverse out over the coming years
to get our performance, culture and as higher interest rates lead to greater investment returns on our
assets.
digital transformation into shape.”
Alongside our outstanding underwriting performance, Lloyd’s
reported a high-quality balance sheet that has enabled us to
withstand a range of external shocks, from natural catastrophes
to the conflict in Ukraine. Our central solvency ratio of 412% puts us
among the most resilient organisations in the industry and,
importantly, in a position to continue supporting our customers.
Meanwhile, we expanded our offering for capital providers at
Lloyd’s with the launch of London Bridge II – our second investment
vehicle – enhancing the choice and ease with which funds can be
placed in our market.
07 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Driving digitalisation Delivering lasting performance
It was also a strong year of progress on Blueprint Two – the digital As we look ahead to 2023, we’ll be supporting our market to grow
transformation programme that’s making our market better, faster where we’ve seen a track record of strong performance, expertise
and cheaper for everyone placing their business here. and ambition – while sustaining the underwriting excellence for
which our market is renowned. We’ll seek to generate even better
After launching an end-to-end roadmap in January last year, we
value for our customers and investors as we continue to tackle cost
made great progress in the months that followed to deliver the
and inefficiency. 2023 will be a key year for digital transformation,
digital solutions that will power the Lloyd’s market of the future.
where our market’s engagement and adoption of the Blueprint Two
Delivering the landmark agreement for the London Market Joint
solutions will be the crucial determinant of success. We’ll also
Venture has meant we are now building a credible digital solution fit
maintain our focus on attracting and developing the very brightest
for the whole London market. The newly established London Market
minds from around the world – ensuring Lloyd’s remains the
Data Council agreed the scope and approach of the Core Data
innovative force it’s been for the past three centuries.
Record and Market Reform Contract to standardise the data we
use across the London market – a first in specialty (re)insurance.
“As much as it’s in our power to do so,
Our new Faster Claims Payment solution is enabling customers
to be paid in hours and days rather than the weeks and months we will offer the leadership society
it took before – including in the wake of Hurricane Ian.
needs to help navigate its current
Blueprint Two is a complex programme with a huge number of
challenges, guided by our purpose
stakeholders – so to have the expressed support of both market
participants and technology providers involved is excellent progress and the need to create genuine value
indeed. My thanks go to everyone in the market and beyond who
has made that progress possible in 2022. for our customers.”
Leading where it matters Our world becomes more knowledgeable, connected and resilient
every year – and insurance sits right at the heart of helping people
We wouldn’t be who we are without a clear purpose; and 2022 saw
build confidence to make decisions and continue innovating.
us carry out our purpose of sharing risk to create a braver world by
We’ll keep throwing ourselves into that task in 2023, showing
providing leadership and driving action on the issues that matter
determination and resolve as we partner with industry, governments
to societies and communities.
and communities – to weather the storms and embrace the
Climate change remains the defining challenge of our time – and our opportunities that lie before us. Reasons to be confident indeed.
work with the Sustainable Markets Initiative, where Lloyd’s chairs
the Insurance Task Force, was crucial in that context. Those efforts
complemented the innovation we’re seeing within our market to
build resilience and solutions across a range of systemic risks –
the likes of which we’ve talked about in theory, but rarely seen
in practice – from cyber attacks and geopolitical conflicts to John Neal
future pandemics. Chief Executive Officer, Lloyd’s
Behind this, we’ve worked to cement Lloyd’s position as a
destination for global talent, realising the strengths inherent in our
market: our connectivity, innovation and societal impact. But we
can’t embrace those strengths unless everyone can thrive and
feel welcome in our marketplace, which is why our work to build an
inclusive culture, from hiring targets to development programmes
for diverse leaders, are so important. It’s all to support a more
diverse, creative and dynamic Lloyd’s market – with people at
the very heart of its fabric.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 08

Who We Are
Lloyd’s business model Lloyd’s capital structure has three elements:
Lloyd’s is the world’s leading insurance and reinsurance marketplace. — Syndicate assets: All premiums received by syndicates are held
Since our beginnings in Edward Lloyd’s coffee shop back in 1688, in trust by the managing agents as the first resource for paying
we’ve been at the forefront of providing risk solutions and insights customers’ claims.
for customers of all sizes and in every corner of the world. — Funds at Lloyd’s: Each member must provide sufficient capital to
support their underwriting at Lloyd’s. Managing agents assess the
The insurance written at Lloyd’s is brought to the market by brokers
Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) for each syndicate that they
and coverholders, to specialist syndicates who price and underwrite
manage, which sets out how much capital the syndicate requires
the risk. Syndicates are managed by ‘managing agents’ – insurance
to cover its underlying business risks at a 99.5% confidence level.
firms or individuals who set the parameters and provide oversight
of the syndicate. Much of the insurance and reinsurance capacity — Lloyd’s central assets: This includes Lloyd’s Central Fund, which
available at Lloyd’s is provided on a subscription basis, where is a fund held by Lloyd’s to protect policyholders in the rare event
syndicates collaborate to underwrite large and complex risks. that a syndicate needs additional assets to meet its liabilities.
Combined with the choice, flexibility and financial certainty of Our central assets, at the discretion of the Council of Lloyd’s,
the market, this makes Lloyd’s the world’s leading platform to are available to meet any valid claims that cannot be met from
underwrite and purchase insurance and reinsurance cover. the resources of any member.
The interests of our market participants are represented and The Council is responsible for the governance, management and
promoted by market associations and committees, which are supervision of the Society and the market. The governance and
set up by our key stakeholders: underwriters, brokers and oversight frameworks are designed to ensure that the Society
capital providers. and the market actively manage risks to the Central Fund, Lloyd’s
licences, ratings and brand to result in good outcomes for
Behind the Lloyd’s market is the Society of Lloyd’s (also referred
customers. We work closely with market associations to continue
to as ‘the Corporation’). The Corporation is not itself an insurance
to evolve our oversight and ensure our stakeholders’ interests are
company, but an independent organisation that protects and
appropriately reflected.
maintains the market’s reputation and provides services, research
and reports to the industry. Lloyd’s also provides a common The table below shows Lloyd’s flow of business and capital,
financial security and strong ratings through our capital structure, alongside our key stakeholders.
often referred to as the ‘Chain of Security’, which sits behind and
protects all insurance policies written at Lloyd’s.
REGULATORY BODIES
Lloyd’s is regulated by the PRA and FCA
COUNCIL OF LLOYD’S
GOVERNANCE AND OVERSIGHT CORPORATION OF LLOYD’S
BUSINESS FLOW THE LLOYD’S MARKET IN 2022 CAPITAL FLOW
where our stakeholders come together to provide and purchase
CUSTOMERS DISTRIBUTION MEMBERS
protection, access shared resources, and exchange risk insights
(POLICYHOLDERS) CHANNELS (CAPITAL PROVIDERS)
– Global companies – 384 registered 52 managing agents: manage syndicates – Trade capital from
– Small & medium brokers insurance companies
77 syndicates: write insurance and reinsurance
enterprises – 402 service – Institutional capital
– Private individuals companies 8 special purpose arrangements: set up solely – Private capital via members’
– Other insurance – 3,464 to write a quota share of another syndicate agents from small
groups coverholders companies and individuals
7 syndicates in a box: write innovative, new businesses
ASSOCIATIONS AND COMMITTEES
The interest of our market participants are represented and promoted through committees and associations. We work closely with them to ensure that the
market operates efficiently and with appropriate oversight and place our customers and stakeholder’s interests at the centre of what we do.
International Underwriting Lloyd’s Market Association (LMA) London and International Insurance London Market Group (LMG)
Association (IUA) Brokers Association (LIIBA)
Association of Lloyd’s Members (ALM) High Premium Group (HPG) Xchanging Insurance Services
and Xchanging Claims Services
09 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Our Purpose
Sharing risk to create a braver world Supporting our stakeholders
Through the collective intelligence and expertise of our market’s As the world’s largest specialist insurance market and global
underwriters and brokers, we’re helping to create a braver world – distribution network, Lloyd’s has a unique set of stakeholders:
one that’s more resilient, sustainable and inclusive.
— Customers – ensuring we provide them with the products and
Lloyd’s unique model offers several core benefits to our services to protect against a range of complex risks.
stakeholders: — Distributors – offering the capacity to place specialty risks on
— The efficiencies of shared resources and capital to protect behalf of their clients.
customers in more than 200 territories, in any industry and at any — Managing agents – providing access to attractive insurance risks
scale. and capital from around the world.
— A governing body providing oversight and common standards for — Our people – creating a culture where every employee can thrive.
the market that help maintain a competitive and secure insurance
We also work closely with industry and market associations,
and reinsurance marketplace.
governments, regulators, investors, rating agencies and many
— An accelerator for product and solution innovation, providing others to share risk and expertise across all parts of society. The
platforms such as the Lloyd’s Lab and Lloyd’s Futureset to help key challenges for our stakeholders, as we see them, are listed
bring innovative ideas and solutions to the market. below.
External challenges and how we are helping our stakeholders navigate them
Macroeconomic We are living through a period of heightened risk, following the economic crisis of 2008, the effects of
conditions COVID-19, the conflict in Ukraine and other geopolitical challenges, and the very real impacts of climate
change. As the global economy emerges from the pandemic, upwards inflationary pressures are
significantly ahead of recent years and are expected to further increase as a result of geopolitical
tensions. Meanwhile, economic growth has stagnated around the world, with many economies facing
possible recessions in 2023.
From an insurance standpoint, the resulting pressure on price and the affordability issues for customers
must be balanced with the risk of near-term price adequacy and long-term reserve resilience. Both are
closely monitored as part of our ongoing oversight of the market in which customer value and conduct
are key areas of focus to ensure that our customers receive the right outcomes. We have also moved
from minimum standards to a principles-based oversight framework, allowing us to identify the areas of
greatest materiality and differentiate our approach based on the characteristics of each syndicate. We
will continue to monitor market conditions to see how we can support our customers through economic
hardship and uncertainty.
Conflict in Ukraine The conflict in Ukraine has resulted in large-scale humanitarian suffering, while triggering secondary
impacts across the global supply chain, energy and commodity markets and movement of capital. Our
two-part report – Ukraine: A conflict that changed the world and Ukraine: The (re)insurance industry
response – examined the impacts of the conflict on customers, and how the (re)insurance industry
could respond by plugging protection gaps and helping customers mitigate the conflict’s fallout.
Since the start of the conflict, Lloyd’s has been working closely with global governments, regulators
and non-governmental agencies to respond to the conflict. This included supporting the delivery of a
comprehensive sanctions regime against the Russian state, alongside the establishment of a shipping
corridor in the Black Sea to retrieve grain and fertiliser stranded in Ukraine’s ports. These efforts have
helped address food insecurity and economic pressure arising from the conflict, and we continue to play
a collaborative role in helping our market, customers and societies to respond.
Systemic risks Systemic risks are high impact, catastrophic events that could have detrimental impacts across multiple
economies and territories. These risks are the most difficult to quantify, understand and mitigate as they
often affect multiple industries, countries and sectors simultaneously. Examples of systemic risks could
include pandemics, climate change, large-scale cyber attacks and geopolitical conflicts. In 2022, major
economic losses continued to stem from events that were systemic in nature, including the conflict in
Ukraine and extreme weather events such as Hurricane Ian.
The potential scale of these events makes cross-societal collaboration essential. The insurance industry is
preparing for their occurrence through exposure management, capital modelling and scenario planning for
a range of eventualities. We are also working closely with governments, regulators and other industries to
share expertise, resources and networks to help protect society against future systemic events. At the
same time, Lloyd’s is working to help the industry understand and assess the impact of systemic risks by
generating innovative insights and insurance solutions through Lloyd’s Futureset, the Sustainable Markets
Initiative Insurance Task Force and the Lloyd’s Lab incubator.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 10

Our Purpose
continued
External challenges and how we are helping our stakeholders navigate them continued
Talent and culture Rapidly developing technology and shifting demographics are changing the nature of the global workforce
– and employees’ expectations of employers. Strong competition has developed for attracting and
retaining the best talent, particularly where specialist skills are required.
Lloyd’s aim is for our marketplace to be a global destination for diverse and highly skilled talent. Creating a
diverse, inclusive and collaborative culture is therefore essential in attracting this talent and ensuring high
performance across our market. We have supported these goals in 2022 through a range of initiatives
such as targets for ethnic minority hiring and women in leadership; development programmes for diverse
leaders; best practice workshops for market participants; and partnering with charities working to promote
social mobility, racial equality and economic opportunity across the communities we operate in.
Data and digitalisation The increased availability – and capability – of data and analytics has had a profound impact on the
insurance industry. The ability to collect, process and analyse quality data has become an important factor
to ensure the competitiveness of insurance organisations, and this trend will only become stronger. The
benefits of having the right data capability can potentially result in better risk assessments and efficiency
gains through automation. Ultimately the benefit can reach to customers in various forms such as
affordable protection and faster claims settlement.
Lloyd’s is committed to creating a better, faster and cheaper market through Blueprint Two, our digital
transformation programme. 2022 saw us deliver significant improvements in our market’s ability to pay
claims quickly, process data efficiently and remove friction and waste from everyday processes – changes
that will help us embrace the opportunity posed by increasing digital and data capabilities.
Further details on each of the above and how Lloyd’s is responding are included in the ‘Our Strategy’ section on pages 13 to 15.
Principal risks to Lloyd’s strategic priorities and our mitigating actions
The Corporation continues to identify, manage and monitor the principal current and emerging risks which could have a significant impact
on Lloyd’s business, and the actions we need to take to reduce or eliminate the risk. The table below sets out how Lloyd’s is managing the
principal risks. The status of these risks is monitored by the Lloyd’s Risk Committee and the Council.
Risk Mitigation
Geopolitical volatility The conflict in Ukraine continues to be actively monitored by Lloyd’s to provide assurance that risks,
Risk that Lloyd’s businesses issues and impacts are appropriately managed as the situation evolves.
suffer losses and operational
We have worked closely with the market to monitor claims development and maintain reserve adequacy,
disruption as a result of
and our industry continues to work closely with governments and regulators across the world to monitor
changing geopolitical
and ensure we interpret and enact sanctions requirements, together with other legal and regulatory
pressures and global events.
obligations, appropriately.
Lloyd’s conducts regular scenario modelling, asking market participants to assess the potential
impacts of plausible but hypothetical geopolitical situations across areas like capital, operations and
business continuity.
Macroeconomic uncertainty The high inflationary environment impacts various risks including reserves, pricing and investments. Lloyd’s
Risk that Lloyd’s businesses has established a cross-functional working group to monitor and manage associated risks and conduct
suffer losses as a result of the scenario analysis to stress test Lloyd’s business plan under different scenarios. Lloyd’s remains confident
external macroeconomic it is well placed to manage these risks as they arise. We have also issued communications to the market
challenges, including high outlining expectations for the explicit consideration of the inflation outlook within reserves, pricing and
inflation, high interest rates, investments, and have conducted a thematic review to factor inflation into reserving decisions.
financial market volatility and
increased risk of recession.
Performance and oversight Market performance will remain a key focus in 2023. The benefits of the remediation action taken by the
Risk that Lloyd’s businesses market over recent years continues to be demonstrated in strength of Lloyd’s underwriting results and
suffer losses or erode their reflected in our financial strength ratings and solvency position.
capital base due to a failure to
Our enhanced principles-based approach to market oversight was implemented in 2022 which, in addition
respond to changing market
to providing a modern and robust framework for oversight, will make it easier and more cost-effective to
conditions.
operate in the Lloyd’s market. This approach, alongside our commercial market strategic priorities and
process for new entrants, will enable us to further balance business opportunities with portfolio
management. Business plans will be closely monitored during 2023 to ensure they reflect market
conditions, including challenges around the availability of reinsurance and the potential impacts on
syndicate business plans.
1 1 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Risk Mitigation
Blueprint Two delivery While Blueprint Two will help mitigate strategic threats and improve the Corporation’s overall risk profile,
Risk to the market’s long-term the execution risk of delivering the programme alongside key third parties – and achieving market
attractiveness if the benefits adoption – remains a key area of focus in order to realise the programme’s benefits.
of Blueprint Two are not
Strong central project structures and governance, overseen by the Council, ensure active management of
adopted.
delivery risks associated with Blueprint Two. A robust risk and assurance framework is in place, including
an independent Quality Assurance partner. Regular market communications and events take place to keep
stakeholders updated on progress, including a Blueprint Two Progress Event held in December 2022 for
market and Corporation employees.
In December 2022, Lloyd’s announced that all London market technology vendors currently interacting
with the existing central services had pledged their intent to introduce changes to their platforms to
accommodate Blueprint Two’s solutions – providing commitment and support for the programme’s
delivery and implementation.
Lloyd’s Risk Management team continues to work closely with senior stakeholders to ensure that risks,
such as those associated with the delivery of the London Market Joint Venture, and the ongoing
responsibilities for risks and controls once delivered are understood and appropriately managed.
Cyber and operational We continue to embed a robust operational resilience framework and enhance contingency plans for the
resilience failure of key services, processes, or outsourced providers, to ensure recovery of services or workaround
Risk that Lloyd’s fails to processes at Lloyd’s. As Lloyd’s invests in new technologies, we will assess the approach taken to ensure
maintain operational resilience adequate operational resilience and monitor its effectiveness and any gaps in the technology being
or suffers a loss as a result of implemented. We continue to participate with industry bodies to maintain awareness of changing cyber
a direct malicious electronic risks and thought leadership reports on cyber scenarios.
attack that could mean
operating in the Lloyd’s
market is inefficient, costly
and no longer attractive.
International network Lloyd’s continues to embed the Lloyd’s Insurance Company model following the UK’s departure from
Risk that Lloyd’s fails to align the EU. Governance structures have been established to deliver clear risk ownership and accountability
the activities and operations across the Corporation’s global network. A biannual risk and control self-assessment process enables
of the global network resulting the reassessment of existing risks and identification of any new risks across the global network.
in inefficiencies and potential
regulatory breach.
Climate risk Lloyd’s continues to monitor and manage physical, transition and litigation risks associated with climate
The risk Lloyd’s fails to change. While there is inherent complexity and uncertainty in how the future climate pathway will develop,
identify and respond to the Lloyd’s has controls and processes in place to manage and mitigate the exposures as they emerge. This
physical, transition and includes re-underwriting and re-pricing insurance risks each year at renewal, adjusting exposure in line
litigation risks associated with risk appetite, as well as an enhanced oversight framework that includes a robust syndicate business
to climate change. plan and capital setting process.
Lloyd’s has played a leading role within the global insurance industry to progress the objectives of the
Sustainable Markets Initiative Insurance Task Force, advancing the world’s progress towards a resilient,
net-zero economy.
Lloyd’s participated in the Climate Biennial Exploratory Scenario (CBES) process to stress test the
industry for potential future climate pathways. This demonstrated the robust management actions
available to manage the risk.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 12

Our Strategy
Our strategic priorities: The prevailing market conditions, driven by conflict in Ukraine and
reinsurance capacity challenges, will be an area of constant focus
We have four key strategic priorities that will enable us to deliver
throughout 2023 to ensure syndicates are actively managing their
value to our stakeholders, as outlined in the Our Purpose section on
portfolios in a volatile environment. As we did in 2022, we will also
page 10.
regularly review syndicates’ inflation and risk adjusted rate change
assumptions.
Performance
If well managed, uncertainty can present an opportunity for our
We remain committed to delivering sustainable performance
market to deliver sustained value through the development of
at Lloyd’s and the remediation work we have undertaken in
new and innovative solutions that meet customer demand.
partnership with the market has been clearly demonstrated by
profitable underwriting results in 2022. Together with the continued Our oversight work will centre around delegated underwriting
requirement for all syndicates to produce a logical, realistic and performance, the impact of capital and reinsurance capacity
achievable business plan, the market is well positioned to support pressures, systemic risk and ensuring the market is compliant
customers in uncertain market conditions. with state-backed cyber attack exclusions.
Key achievements in 2022 Our ambition is to attract and retain the best underwriting
businesses on the Lloyd’s platform, supporting the ambitions of our
In 2022, the Lloyd’s market reported a strong underwriting result of
best performing syndicates, while continuing to simplify the process
£2,641m (2021: £1,741m) with a combined ratio of 91.9% (2021:
for new entrants.
93.5%) and an attritional loss ratio of 48.4% (2021: 48.9%). The
strength of these results is a testament to our continued focus on
Digitalisation
achieving sustainable, profitable performance. Market conditions in
2022 led to significant valuation losses across the portfolio, driving
2022 was a milestone year in outlining and delivering our plans
reported net investment losses and an overall loss of £(769)m
to drive a better, faster and cheaper marketplace through
before tax (2021: profit of £2,277m).
Blueprint Two.
Gross written premiums have grown by 19.1% to £46,705m (2021:
Key achievements in 2022
£39,216m), attributable to 7.8% foreign exchange movement, 7.7%
In January, we published our roadmap detailing the key milestones
of price changes and 3.6% volume growth. The expense ratio has
and actions that market participants need to take to implement the
also improved, falling to 34.4% (2021: 35.5%). Our Blueprint Two
changes outlined in Blueprint Two.
digital transformation remains central to our long-term objective of
reducing the cost of doing business at Lloyd’s. The London Market Joint Venture, a partnership established in
2021 between DXC Technology, the International Underwriting
Through the annual business planning process, we used our new
Association (IUA) and Lloyd’s, successfully delivered the first
principles-based oversight categories to drive a differentiated
of their build sequences in 2022. These are a set of digital,
approach to syndicate management. Exposure growth was
foundational components that will be used to power the digital
supported for syndicates with a proven track record of stable
services for the benefit of the whole London market and will support
underwriting performance, while underperforming syndicates
future phases of delivery.
were subject to increased scrutiny and oversight through the
process. We collected enhanced data on inflation to further Another key milestone was establishing the London Market Group
understand syndicates’ assumptions going into 2023 and (LMG) Data Council, gaining agreement for the industry-leading
challenged where we felt these were unrealistic in light of the Core Data Record (CDR), which aligns to the ACORD Global
macroeconomic environment. Standards for premiums and claims, already adopted by the London
market. We also supported the Data Council on a market-wide
The market demonstrated a high degree of responsiveness to
consultation to review proposed changes to the Market Reform
unforeseen events in 2022, including the invasion of Ukraine, setting
Contract (MRC), which will enable computable contracts for market
aside £1.4bn of reserves at 31 December 2022 (£1.1bn at 30 June
participants. Together, these changes will provide the London
2022). The resilience built into the market through a number of
market with accurate, usable and consistent data, alongside
years of remediation, and our resultant strong underlying
improved methods for data input, processing and extraction.
performance, has enabled us to respond quickly and effectively
to these challenges. We made a number of usability improvements to our delegated
authority platforms, predominantly the Delegated Contract
For further details on performance refer to the 2022 Highlights
Oversight Manager (DCOM) system. This included a reduction
section on pages 21 to 30.
in the number of mandatory data fields by more than 40% and
Plans for 2023 providing functionality for continuous binder contracts. More than
Sustainable, profitable performance will continue to be our priority 80% of active contracts are now on the DCOM platform. We also
through 2023, with a focus on ensuring syndicate business plans integrated DCOM with Delegated Data Manager (DDM), allowing
remain logical, realistic and achievable. relevant contract data entered in DCOM to auto-populate in DDM,
saving time and improving data quality to power downstream
Using the principles-based oversight framework, we’ll continue
processes. Finally, managing agents who qualify based on our
to differentiate market participants by supporting the ambitions
principles-based oversight framework can now issue continuous
of our best performing syndicates, while reducing unprofitable
contracts with coverholders – removing the need for annual
business across the poorer performing syndicates. We’ll do this by
renewals in those cases.
maintaining proportional oversight of the market across core areas
including underwriting, pricing, outwards reinsurance, capital,
reserving, culture and conduct.
13 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
We made great strides in digitalising the claims lifecycle through Purpose
both the pilot and successful launch of the Faster Claims Payment
Lloyd’s purpose of sharing risk for a braver world sits at the heart
(FCP) solution, with 15 managing agents onboard at the end of 2022
of our ambition to build a more sustainable, resilient and inclusive
and a further six in the first quarter of 2023 (representing more than
market and society. Against a backdrop of prolonged economic and
50% of the Lloyd’s delegated authority market by volume). FCP has
societal uncertainty and volatility, Lloyd’s has continued to fulfil that
already been used to swiftly pay valid claims, including losses
purpose during 2022 through a number of actions and initiatives.
arising from Hurricane Ian.
A summary of some of these initiatives is provided below, with the
We assembled a coordinated market engagement and readiness
full 2022 Sustainability Report to be published in Q2 2023.
team from the Joint Venture, LIMOSS and Lloyd’s in 2022, who
undertook regular individual and market-wide engagements Key achievements in 2022
throughout the year. Supporting our engagement strategy, we Lloyd’s continued to convene His Majesty The King’s Sustainable
also produced key artefacts including playbooks for insurers and Markets Initiative (SMI) Insurance Task Force, which drives tangible
brokers, a benefits framework and customer journeys, which progress to help accelerate the transition to a sustainable future.
have been instrumental in supporting the market with their During 2022, this included developing a strategic framework for
digital transformation. insurance-associated carbon measurement and launching a
pledge to drive greater sustainability across insurance industry
Plans for 2023
supply chains.
Building technology that’s fit for purpose and supporting the market
to be ready to transition to the new digital solutions by 2024 will be The Corporation continued to embed sustainability across the
our key focus for 2023. market throughout the year, including completing a feasibility
study with market participants to inform our carbon measurement
As we work alongside the Joint Venture to build the new digital
strategy, together with requiring managing agents to submit their
platforms for processing, accounting and settlement, as well as
own ESG strategy to the Corporation for the first time.
claims processing and settlement, we will develop deployment
options and run comprehensive vendor and market acceptance Futureset released two flagship reports on the impact of the
testing to support delivery. conflict in Ukraine. Both reports provided analysis, insights and
practical solutions to advance customers’ risk protection.
In Q1 2023, the Joint Venture has delivered premium and claims
services for global business, which in turn will be used to inform the In August 2022, the Lloyd’s of London Foundation (the Foundation)
build of the London market-specific elements that will be completed was launched to further the impact on projects supporting
in later phases of 2023 and 2024. The LMG Data Council will employability, social mobility, mental health, climate and disaster
publish the new version of the MRC, as well as an updated version avoidance and relief.
of the CDR including updates to align to ACORD’s technical data
Plans for 2023
standards. This is a big step towards our ambition of market-wide
We will continue to drive action towards enhancing the capital and
computable contracts and so our focus will shift to encouraging
risk solutions that can support adaptation and resilience,
market adoption of the new standards.
accelerating the global economy’s transformation to a low-carbon
We will work with the LMG Data Council to facilitate a market-wide future across industries and countries.
consultation on recommendations for what the new processes,
Our work leading the SMI Insurance Task Force will be focused on
roles and responsibilities could look like within the target-state
tangibly demonstrating the value of the insurance industry through:
digital journey.
We are also making improvements to the Lloyd’s Claims Scheme
1. Leading transition working groups to identify opportunities for
insurance to better support the scaling of climate innovation;
(to be renamed the Lloyd’s Claims Lead Arrangements), so that
the right level of expertise is allocated to the claim at each stage.
2. Continuing to advance pilot projects that help climate-vulnerable
countries in developing economies to build disaster resilience;
This will mean brokers will only need to deal with a single claims
and
agreement party for more claims. For our delegated authority
business, we will also focus on advancing market adoption of the
3. Collaborating with the Agribusiness Task Force to support
resilience in emerging economies dependent on crop production
FCP solution. These are important elements for improving our
customers’ claim experience. For delegated authority business, and export.
we will continue to update and improve our platforms – including At the same time, we will support our market in insuring the
creating a market-standard CDR for delegated business and transition by providing thematic feedback on ESG strategies
supporting the technology build for new delegated authority submitted through our performance oversight process, including
platforms in the latter part of the year. For open market business, our expectations for future annual submissions. We will also publish
our focus will be on building the London market capabilities and a three year roadmap, defining what it means to be an insurer of
the Digital Gateway. This will give us an updated, cloud-based and the transition, practical actions to embed sustainable practices, a
resilient technology stack for the London market. climate transition measurement and data roadmap, as well as our
future oversight activities.
Our single engagement team will drive adoption of the new data
standards and ensure firms are ready to transition to the new digital In tandem, the Lloyd’s Futureset research platform will continue
services by 2024. to provide action leadership, addressing challenges facing our
customers and industry, including on climate, cyber and catastrophe
risk and resilience.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 14

Our Strategy
continued
Culture Plans for 2023
To reach our ambition of building a more resilient, sustainable and In 2023, we will further develop and implement our culture strategy,
inclusive market, we need to have the right people in place and setting standards for the Lloyd’s market and holding our managing
create an environment where they can thrive. To deliver that, we agents to account. Having successfully integrated culture as part of
need a market that is diverse, welcoming and where everyone has our oversight approach, we will focus on a programme of upskilling,
equity of opportunity. Lloyd’s remains committed to creating a enhanced data collection and sharing best practice during 2023.
diverse, inclusive and high-performance culture to attract and For further information on our current actions to promote an
retain the best talent, both within the Corporation and across the inclusive culture, and to see details on Lloyd’s Gender and Ethnicity
Pay Gap reports, please see the Diversity and Inclusion page on
wider market.
www.lloyds.com.
Key achievements in 2022
Continuing our commitment to take meaningful and measurable
In 2022, our market made progress in building a diverse and
action to help improve the experience and enablement of Black,
inclusive culture, with 35% of firms achieving or exceeding the 35%
Asian and minority ethnic talent in the Lloyd’s market, Lloyd’s have
women in leadership target, and 17% of market firms achieving the
committed to partnering with Race Equality Matters, the Reach
one in three ethnic minority hiring ambition.
Society, SEO London, and the Runnymede Trust.
We also delivered against the goals and priorities set out for year
We’ll continue our commitment to building a more inclusive market
one of our culture strategy, successfully introducing culture as
by evolving approach to the Dive In Festival. This includes delivering
part of our principles-based oversight approach which provides
an outreach programme under the Dive In brand to promote early
categorisation of our managing agents and guidance on
career opportunities in our market. By incorporating outreach
improvements to be made in 2023.
opportunities for Dive In participants, we aim to transform from a
The Annual Dive In Festival 2022 reached its largest ever audience global three-day diversity and inclusion awareness festival to a
with over 30,000 participants in 40 countries, providing education year-round diversity, inclusion and talent brand – ensuring a truly
and awareness on key diversity and inclusion issues across our diverse range of talents from a wide variety of backgrounds can
global market. embrace opportunities in the Lloyd’s market.
As we strive to lead the market by example, the Corporation For the Corporation, we aim to achieve Disability Confident
exceeded our 35% target of women in leadership, with 38% of Leader Status during 2023 and will continue strengthening our
leaders in the Corporation and 52% of our overall workforce being culture by embedding our Employee Change Forums to create
women. In addition, 25% of all new hires at the Corporation were a feedback loop with our leaders and support actions related to
from an ethnic minority background and we continue to progress employee engagement.
our Ethnicity Long Term Plan to enable us to meet our ambitions.
We’re proud to have broadened our approach to diversity and
inclusion beyond the focus areas of gender and ethnicity. The
Corporation achieved Disability Confident Employer status and Gold
Level on the Clear Assured Accreditation standard for our diversity
and inclusion practices, demonstrating they are embedded across
all our activities. We remain committed to social mobility and in
2022 were recognised as a Top 75 Employer, improving 30 places
from 75th to 45th on the Social Mobility Index.
2022 also saw several new initiatives announced across the
Corporation. We relaunched the Lloyd’s Together Network with
seven diverse communities, including the Multicultural Awareness
Community (MAC) which hosted events throughout Black History
Month, attended by employees from across the insurance industry.
In exploring and responding to our historical links to the
Transatlantic slave trade, a research and collaboration project was
launched with Black Beyond Data, from Johns Hopkins University,
which will lead to the creation of a digital exhibition in 2023. To
encourage Corporation employees to live our values – ‘we are
brave’, ‘we are stronger together’ and ‘we do the right thing’ –
2022 saw the launch of employee awards to recognise and reward
individuals embodying these values.
15 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Sustainability
Our sustainability strategy Lloyd’s Futureset
At the heart of Lloyd’s purpose – sharing risk to create a braver Our Futureset research platform published two landmark reports
world – is our ambition to build a more resilient, sustainable and on the impact of the Ukraine conflict, for both customers and the
inclusive future for the market and wider society. (re)insurance industry, covering affected areas such as the global
energy transition, supply chains and cyber security.
The past year saw Lloyd’s deliver this purpose across four key
priorities: In addition to the Ukraine conflict reports, Futureset:
— Embedding sustainability — Published two additional reports on the geopolitical implications
of climate change and physical cyber risk, and the first report in
— Improving society’s resilience to risk
a series of three on supply chain protection. These reports have
— Convening to inspire and drive action been downloaded more than 6,500 times.
— Building a more inclusive market — Ran 12 events to boost awareness and cross-sector collaboration
around the evolving risk landscape and changing insurance
Embedding sustainability needs. Futureset events have been attended by more than 900
people from the market and beyond.
Lloyd’s ambition is to be the commercial and specialty market of
choice for insuring the transition to net zero. We are seeking to do
Convening to inspire and drive action
this by driving positive climate action across several key areas:
Building on the launch and early progress of His Majesty The King's
Sustainable operations
Sustainable Markets Initiative (SMI) Insurance Task Force, launched
— We have seen a 16% decrease in our global emissions per full-
in 2021, we continued to convene the industry to build climate
time employee since 2021 (see our carbon emissions table on
resilience across underwriting, claims and investment. This included:
page 18 for further detail).
Sustainable Markets Initiative Insurance Task
— In 2022, we switched to a renewable gas energy supply. This
means our total energy supply for both our London and Chatham Force
offices is now 100% renewable. — Launching an industry commitment to build more sustainable
global supply chains.
Sustainable investments
— In 2022, we launched the impact investment fund, comprising 5%
— Convening the market to partner with HM Treasury for delivery
of the Live Events Reinsurance Scheme, supporting the UK’s
of the Central Fund, with ESG scoring embedded in its investment
economic recovery from the pandemic.
process.
— We have completed the first carbon intensity and emission
— Collaborating with the UK Government and leading industry
experts on the development of the Earth and Space Sustainability
measurement of the Central Fund.
Initiative kitemark.
Sustainable underwriting
— Updating the SMI insurance products and services showcase
— We have completed a feasibility study with market participants to with new green and sustainable products developed in 2022.
inform our carbon measurement strategy.
— Representing the market at COP27 and New York Climate Week,
— For the first time, we requested managing agents submit an ESG establishing relationships with global leaders and organisations
strategy as part of their syndicate business plans to enable us to working to support the global transition to net zero.
form an aggregated market-level view of how embedded
sustainability is across the market. Building a more inclusive market
— We have contributed to the development of the first accounting
We know that to reach our ambition of building a more resilient,
standard for insurance associated emissions through the UN-
sustainable and inclusive market we need to have the right people in
convened Net Zero Insurance Alliance (NZIA) and Partnership for
place – and create an environment where they can thrive. To deliver
Climate Accounting Financials.
that we need a market that is diverse, inclusive and where everyone
has equity of opportunity.
Improving society’s resilience to risk
Lloyd’s is working to foster this culture both internally, in the
In 2022, Lloyd’s acted quickly to respond to the conflict in Ukraine
Corporation, and across the market. It is one of our four strategic
by:
pillars – and you can read about our work to build a more inclusive
— Deploying expertise and resources to support a comprehensive market in the ‘Our Strategy’ section on pages 13 to 15.
global sanctions regime against the Russian state.
— Launching a first-of-its-kind market facility to insure grain Sustainability reporting
shipments from Ukraine’s ports, giving ship owners the
Further information on sustainability initiatives can be found in the
confidence to move over 100 ships, carrying 2.3 million tonnes
Lloyd’s Environmental, Social and Governance Report published on
of grain, out of Ukraine.
www.lloyds.com.
— Working with the UN to enable vital Russian fertiliser
transportation, to help ease food insecurity and market volatility.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 16

Sustainability
continued
Supporting our communities
KKeeyy ssttaattss
Lloyd’s was proud to announce the formation of the Lloyd’s of
London Foundation (the Foundation) in 2022, bringing our global
£1.9m
charitable giving together under one roof. The Foundation sets the
focus for charitable support across the Corporation and the Lloyd’s
charities – Lloyd’s of London Foundation (formerly Lloyd’s Charities
Trust), Lloyd’s Patriotic Fund, Lloyd’s Benevolent Fund and Lloyd’s
donation to 50 causes across the
Tercentenary Research Foundation – to help people and
Lloyd’s charities and nominated by
communities become more resilient, sustainable and inclusive.
Lloyd’s Corporation
In 2022, we supported 50 charities in the communities where we
work and donated £1.9m, impacting 100,000 people globally across
100,000
our charitable giving programmes. As part of the Foundation’s
Community Programme, 58 market firms and almost 2,000
volunteers from the Corporation and the market volunteered with
our community partners.
beneficiaries supported
Case study: 2,000
SEO London
In 2022, Lloyd’s supported almost 700 students
through the SEO London ‘Step into Insurance’ volunteers contributing 8,000 hours
programme. The programme prepares young people of volunteering
for the world of work and encourages them to explore
careers in the Lloyd’s insurance market, exposing £40,000
them to the plethora of opportunities and innovation
that our industry offers. 300 volunteers across the
Lloyd’s market worked to bring insurance to life for
donated to 50 charities supported by
young people through mentoring, workshops, our employees through Lloyd’s Matched
masterclasses and internships. Funding Scheme
Michael Moyo, who completed an internship at Hiscox,
said: “The team I worked with at SEO London was £58,000
nothing short of amazing! I would like to thank them
for welcoming and teaching me so many invaluable
lessons. Through the masterclasses we got
donated to charities by employees
exceptional and unique tips on submitting successful through the Lloyd’s Payroll Giving
applications tailored to each organisation and the Scheme
opportunity to meet and interact with people ranging
from different seniority levels. I was offered a 5,000
placement in the London Market Claims team at
Hiscox and after attending a masterclass and learning
about their company, I was able to fully immerse
young people supported globally
myself in their organisation. There is no way I could
through education and employability
have learnt about the industry without the support of
programmes
SEO London.”
17 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Carbon emissions
Grand Grand Carbon
Total total total intensity
Total Total Total Total scope scope scope location
scope 1 scope 1 scope 2 scope 2 1+2 1,2,3 1,2,3 based
(location (market (location (market (location Total (location (market (tCO2e/ Total energy
based) based) based) based) based) scope 3 based) based) FTE) usage (kWh)
2022 UK
(tCO2e) emissions 1,295 79 2,582 – 3,877 1,148 5,025 1,227 4.7 20,324,585
Global
emissions
(ex. UK) 22 22 599 641 621 129 750 792 2.4 1,482,626
2021 UK
(tCO2e) emissions 1,609 1,609 3,074 – 4,683 888 5,571 2,497 5.7 23,500,425
Global
emissions
(ex. UK) 15 15 518 538 533 54 587 607 2.2 1,316,387
The methodology used to compile our Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions inventory is in accordance with the requirements of the WRI GHG
Protocol Corporate Standard (revised version) and Defra’s Environmental Reporting Guidelines including Streamlined Energy and Carbon
Reporting requirements (March 2019).
The data above is reported based on calendar year location-based totals, which are the summation of the UK emissions and Global
emissions (ex UK) to comply with the requirements of the SECR regulations.
Scope 1 includes natural gas, company cars, other fuels, refrigerants; scope 2 includes electricity; scope 3 includes employee cars, flights,
domestic and international rail, public transport, commute, paper, waste, water, data centres, and electricity transmission and distribution
losses. Energy reporting includes kWh from scope 1, scope 2 and scope 3 employee cars only.
The figures above include all our global offices, where we request actual consumption data for electricity, natural gas, paper, waste and
water. Where emissions and energy use data cannot be collected directly an estimation has been used based on industry benchmarks.
To make these estimations as accurate as possible, we request up-to-date floor area information. This methodology is in line with previous
years’ methodology.
We have seen a 16% decrease in our global emissions per full-time employee since 2021, and an overall 44% reduction since our baseline
year of 2019. Our 19% reduction in scope 1 emissions was achieved by switching from traditional natural gas to certified biogas in our
London office. While office use has remained fairly consistent since 2021, we have reduced our electricity consumption, resulting in an 11%
reduction in location-based emissions from electricity.
Our electricity consumption for our two operating UK sites, 1986 building and Fidentia House, increased by 9% as more people returned
to the office following the COVID-19 restrictions being lifted. However, overall our electricity consumption in the UK fell by 8%, this is due
in large part to the closure of an external server site in the UK – this site contributed to 14% of electricity consumed in the UK in 2021. The
collection of actual consumption data has allowed us to reduce our reliance on assumption-based calculations, which has resulted in some
significant decreases at specific sites. In total, we received actual consumption data or updated floor area and FTE data from 17 offices this
year, compared with 13 last year. An example of how this resulted in a reduction was our office in Mumbai, actual consumption data is 88%
lower than what was estimated for 2021.
Our overall increase in scope 3 emissions, as well as our overall increase for global emissions, has been driven almost entirely by an
increase in business travel and employee commuting as a result of COVID-19 restrictions being eased in the UK and worldwide. Additionally,
due to a significant remodelling of our UK office site, we experienced a spike in waste and recycling emissions in 2022.
Lloyd’s are aware of our reporting requirements under The Companies (Directors’ Report) and Limited Liability Partnerships (Energy and
Carbon Report) Regulations 2018. We continue to go beyond the requirement of the regulations by reporting on all material global
emissions in scope 1 and 2, plus selected scope 3 emissions, using an operational control approach.
The analysis is partially based on the country-specific CO2 emission factors developed by the International Energy Agency, but the results
above have been prepared by Lloyd’s and do not necessarily reflect the views of the International Energy Agency.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 18

CCoonntteennttss
2022 Highlights 21
Statement of the Council’s 31
Responsibilities
Report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 32
to the Council on the 2022 Pro Forma
Financial Statements
Pro Forma Profit and Loss Account 33
Pro Forma Statement of 34
Comprehensive Income
Pro Forma Balance Sheet 35
Pro Forma Statement of Cash Flows 36
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial 37
Statements
19 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Market
Results
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 20

2022 Highlights
Financial highlights
Lloyd’s reported Combined Gross written Capital, reserves and
a loss before tax of ratio of premium of subordinated loan
£769m 91.9% £46,705m notes stand at
£40,205m
(2021: £2,277m profit) (2021: 93.5%) (2021: £39,216m)
(2021: £36,553m)
Gross written premium Result before tax
(£m) (£m)
2018 35,527 2018 (1,001)
2019 35,905 2019 2,532
2020 35,466 2020 (887)
2021 39,216 2021 2,277
2022 46,705 2022 (769)
Capital, reserves and Central assets and
subordinated loan notes (£m) subordinated loan notes (£m)
2018 28,222 2018 3,211
2019 30,638 2019 3,285
2020 33,941 2020 3,308
2021 36,553 2021 3,073
2022 40,205 2022 3,105
Return on capital1 Combined ratio1
(%) (%)
2018 (3.7) 2018 104.5
2019 8.8 2019 102.1
2020 (2.8) 2020 110.3
2021 6.6 2021 93.5
2022 (2.0) 2022 91.9
The Pro Forma Financial Statements (PFFS) are prepared so that the financial results of Lloyd’s and its members taken together, and their net assets, can
be compared as closely as possible with general insurance companies. The PFFS include the aggregate of syndicate annual accounts (Aggregate
Accounts), members’ funds at Lloyd’s (FAL), the Society of Lloyd’s financial statements and any central adjustments. Further information concerning the
basis of preparation of the PFFS is set out on pages 37 and 38.
1 The combined ratio and the return on capital are metrics that are consistently used to analyse financial performance in the Lloyd’s market results and/or in the Society Report.
These metrics (wherever used in this Annual Report) are Alternative Performance Measures (APMs), with further information available on pages 167 and 168.
2211 LLllooyydd’’ss AAnnnnuuaall RReeppoorrtt 22002222

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Market results Investment review
The Lloyd’s market reported an underwriting result of £2,641m The market reported net investment losses of £3,128m in 2022,
with a combined ratio of 91.9% for the 2022 financial year, (2021: representing an investment loss of 3.5% (2021: £948m, return
underwriting result of £1,741m with a combined ratio of 93.5%), of 1.2%).
reflecting improved managing agent underwriting discipline and
2022 was an exceptionally turbulent year for risk assets, driven by
the benefit of a favourable pricing environment. The favourable
rising interest rates, as Central Banks have taken action to contain
underwriting result was dampened by the valuation losses on
the increasing levels of inflation caused by supply chain disruption,
investments of £3,128m (2021: net investment income of £948m),
the war in Ukraine and political uncertainty. The US Federal Reserve
driven by the turbulence experienced in the financial markets in
raised rates by 425 basis points over the course of the year to
2022. The overall result is a loss before tax of £769m (2021: profit
4.5%, at times at a pace of 75 basis points. The Bank of England,
before tax of £2,277m), with other expenses partially offset by the
which actually started increasing rates at the tail end of 2021, raised
benefit of foreign exchange gains and other income of £282m
rates by 325 basis points to close the year at 3.5%. The pace of
(2021: £412m). The valuation losses on our bond portfolio have no
rate increases caused a major re-pricing across all asset classes.
cash flow impact and will reverse out over the next two-to-three
Assets from investment grade fixed income bonds to equity
years as the assets reach maturity.
markets generated significant negative total returns, with long-
duration assets the most affected. Specific to the United Kingdom,
Underwriting result
there was extreme volatility in pounds sterling and UK Gilts over
Market gross written premium grew 19.1% year-on-year to £46,705m. September as a result of the Government’s ‘fiscal event’.
The market continued to see risk adjusted rate increases on Despite a turbulent 2022 the higher interest rate environment has
renewal business across most classes, with the 20th consecutive created significant opportunities for the Lloyd’s market looking
quarter of positive rate movement being reported in the fourth forward to 2023, given the majority of the market portfolio is
quarter of 2022. Risk adjusted rate change accounted for 7.7% of invested in short-duration government bonds, high-quality corporate
premium growth. The remaining growth in gross written premium bonds and cash that are expected to generate a higher return.
is attributable to 7.8% foreign exchange movement and 3.6%
volume growth. Balance sheet strength
As in previous years, syndicates which have a proven track record The Lloyd’s market continues to be strongly capitalised with total
of producing sustainable profit are given greater business plan capital, reserves and subordinated loan notes of £40,205m at
flexibility, including to grow their business. The underwriting result 31 December 2022, a 10.0% increase from the £36,553m reported
rose 51.7% year-on-year to £2,641m driven by the continued at 31 December 2021. The Lloyd’s market solvency ratios, both
realisation of benefits from the market’s strong underwriting action central and market-wide solvency ratios, have strengthened since
and positive rating environment. 31 December 2021.
The combined ratio of 91.9% represents a 1.6% improvement The central solvency ratio has increased from 388% at 31
when compared with prior year. Prior year releases benefited the December 2021 to 412% at 31 December 2022. This is driven by an
combined ratio by 3.6% (2021: 2.1%), with releases reported across increase in the callable layer (calculated as 5% of members’
all lines of business other than specialty reinsurance and casualty. contributions) due to underlying premium growth in the market, and
fair value movements on investments. The positive movements are
The underwriting result includes the impact of major claims which
partially offset by a £100m increase in the Central SCR.
represented 12.7% of the combined ratio. Hurricane Ian was the
costliest weather event of the year and one of the key drivers of The market wide solvency ratio has increased from 177% at 31
major claims alongside the conflict in Ukraine. December 2021 to 181% at 31 December 2022. This is driven by
increases in member balances, primarily as a result of the
Improvement to the underlying combined ratio was driven by
discounting benefit, and Funds at Lloyd’s as a result of exposure
reductions to the attritional loss and expense ratios of 0.5%
changes. The positive movements are driven by growth, increased
and 1.1% respectively. The attritional loss ratio of 48.4% reflects
economic inflation uncertainty and a weakening of the sterling
the market’s continued action to drive sustainable profitable
against US dollars during 2022. These changes are partially offset
performance as well as the benefit of risk adjusted rate increases
by an increase in interest rates and increased profitability of
across most lines.
business. The change in inflation uncertainty is captured within
The improvement in the expense ratio, which has reduced to 34.4% market risk, which has increased significantly since 31 December
from 35.5%, was driven by a 0.6 percentage point improvement in 2021.
the acquisition cost ratio and a 0.5 percentage point improvement
in the administrative expense ratio. The improvement in the
operating expense ratio was largely driven by foreign exchange
gains favourably affecting premiums.
LLllooyydd’’ss AAnnnnuuaall RReeppoorrtt 22002222 2222

2022 Highlights
continued
2022 Performance Major claims and accident year ratio excluding major claims
% of net
earned Accident year ratio
Premium
Major claims premium excl. major claims %
Gross written premiums have increased by 19.1% to £46,705m 2018 11.6 2018 96.8
(2021: £39,216m), attributable to 7.8% foreign exchange movement,
2019 7.0 2019 96.0
7.7% of price changes and 3.6% volume growth.
2020 23.0 2020 89.1
Casualty and property were the largest drivers of premium growth
2021 11.2 2021 84.4
in the market, growing £2,627m and £2,458m respectively. All lines
of business experienced growth during 2022. 2022 12.7 2022 82.8
US dollar denominated business continues to account for the Five year average2 10.5 Five year average2 89.8
majority of business written in the Lloyd’s market. Strengthening of Ten year average2 9.4 Ten year average2 91.9
US dollar to sterling average rates of exchange has led to
1. The accident year ratio, underlying combined ratio, attritional loss ratio, prior year
comparative increases in premiums year-on-year.
release ratio and expense ratio are metrics that are consistently used to analyse
financial performance in the Lloyd’s market results and/or in the Society Report. These
Accident year ratio metrics (wherever used in this Annual Report) are Alternative Performance Measures
(APMs), with further information available on pages 167 and 168.
2. Averages exclude impact of COVID-19.
The accident year ratio1 excluding major claims has continued to
improve, reducing to 82.8% (2021: 84.4%). Within this there has
Contributors to combined ratio
been further improvement in the attritional loss ratio and expense
2022 Combined ratio %
ratio1. Prior year movements have had a slightly better impact on the
results than in 2021.
82.8% 12.7%
Attritional loss ratio1: the attritional loss ratio continued to improve in (3.6%) 91.9%
2022, reducing to 48.4% (2021: 48.9%). Improvements to the 11.0%
attritional loss ratio continue to be driven by the sustained positive 23.4%
rate environment and emphasis on underwriting discipline across
the market. The improvement in the loss ratio continued despite
the market reserving 2.9% for inflation in addition to any implicit 48.4%
allowance included in reserving methodologies.
Prior year development: 2022 was the 17th consecutive year of
prior year releases. The current year result has seen more benefit
from prior year releases1 at 3.6% of net earned premium (2021:
AY excl. Major Prior year Calendar
2.1%). There have been releases against all lines of business other
Major claims claims movements year
than specialty reinsurance and casualty.
Lloyd’s will continue to monitor reserves closely and act to ensure
Attritional loss ratio Acquisition expense ratio Admin expense ratio
that adequate market discipline is being maintained in current
2021 Combined ratio %
challenging market conditions. Particularly on the longer-tailed lines,
such as casualty, where there has been continued focus in recent
years exacerbated by growing concerns over areas such as 84.4% 11.2% (2.1%) 93.5%
social inflation. 11.5%
24.0%
Major claims
Major claims for the market were £4,114m in 2022 (2021:
48.9%
£2,989m), net of reinsurance and including reinstatements
payable and receivable.
Major claims for 2022 include natural catastrophe losses such
as Hurricane Ian, Hurricane Fiona and Australian Floods, as well
as non-natural catastrophe losses such as those arising from
AY excl. Major Prior year Calendar
the conflict in Ukraine.
Major claims claims movements year
Hurricane Ian and the conflict in Ukraine both remain manageable
Attritional loss ratio Acquisition expense ratio Admin expense ratio
events for the market. Hurricane Ian was a 1 in 10 event on a gross
basis and 1 in 7 net when compared to Lloyd’s modelled outcomes.
Losses from Ukraine continue to develop and the claims incurred
but not reported (IBNR) component represents greater than 90% of
the loss.
2 3 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Reinsurance protection Lloyd’s major losses: net ultimate claims (£m)
The credit quality of the Lloyd’s market’s reinsurance protections
remains extremely high, with 98% (2021: 98%) of all balance sheet
reinsurance recoverables and reinsurance premium ceded being
with reinsurers rated A- and above or supported by high-quality
collateral assets.
Reinsurers’ share of claims outstanding remains a material
consideration for Lloyd’s, equivalent to 63.0% of gross written
premium or 79.3% of members’ assets (2021: 61.7% of gross written
premium or 72.3% of members’ assets). There has been an increase
in the overall reinsurance recoverables primarily due to catastrophe
losses experienced during 2022 and the continuing use of
retrospective reinsurance protections. This increase reflects the
reinsurance risk transfer strategy of the Lloyd’s market, the nature
of loss events experienced during 2022 and risk mitigation actions Five year average: £3,909m; 15 year average: £2,955m. Indexed for inflation to 2022.
Claims in foreign currency translated at the exchange rates prevailing at the date of loss.
being taken to assist in the management of legacy exposures.
No negative settlement trends have been witnessed to date.
% of net Number
Lloyd’s outward reinsurance premium spend for the 2022 calendar Prior year reserve earned Years of account of
year was 26.0% (2021: 27.5%) of gross written premium, which movement premium in run-off years
reflects a relatively stable overall position in regard to the scale of
2018 (3.9) 2018 0
reinsurance purchased. This level of reinsurance transfer remains
2019 (0.9) 2019 3
within risk appetite.
2020 (1.8) 2020 9
Inwards pricing and reinsurance structures at 1/1 varied by class of
2021 (2.1) 2021 9
business, with property classes shifting significantly and war and
political risk classes also restricted. Casualty and liability classes 2022 (3.6) 2022 9
were the least affected. Overall the shape of the reinsurance
portfolio is not expected to materially alter gross written premium.
Result for the closed year and run-off
years of account
Under Lloyd’s three-year accounting policy for final distribution of
each underwriting year of account, the 2020 underwriting year of
account reached closure at 31 December 2022. The 2020 pure
underwriting year suffered losses from COVID-19 as well as a
number of catastrophic events, including Hurricane Laura and
Hurricane Sally.
Despite these major claim events, the 2020 pure underwriting year
of account reported an underwriting result that was boosted by
the addition of releases from 2019 and prior years, which were
reinsured to close at the end of 2021. These releases amounted to
£816m. The underwriting result was partially offset by investment
losses on the 2020 underwriting year, which meant the total result
was an overall profit of £290m (2019 underwriting year loss: £953m).
At the beginning of 2022, there were nine syndicates whose 2017,
2018 and 2019 underwriting years remained open. These run-off
years reported an aggregate loss of £15m, including investment
return in 2022 (2021: loss of £100m). There were seven syndicates
whose 2017/2018/2019 underwriting years remained open post
31 December 2022. The total number of open underwriting years
at 1 January 2023 is nine.
840,2
8002
604
9002
505,2
0102
441,5
1102
689,1
2102
149
3102
117
4102
767
5102
741,2
6102
056,4
7102
609,2
8102
608,1
9102
769,5
0202
989,2
1202
411,4
2202
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 24

2022 Highlights
continued
Line of business: Reinsurance – Casualty
Non-marine liability excess of loss represents the largest class in
Reinsurance – Property this line.
Property catastrophe excess of loss represents the largest class in 2022 performance
this line. Other key sectors include property facultative, property
Casualty reinsurance gross written premium for 2022 was £4,818m
risk excess and property pro rata.
(2021: £4,440m), an increase of 8.5%.
2022 performance The line reported an accident year ratio of 94.2% (2021: 88.9%),
Property reinsurance gross written premium for 2022 was £7,745m representing a 5.3% deterioration year-on-year.
(2021: £7,385m), an increase of 4.9%.
Over the course of 2022, casualty reinsurance maintained the trend
The line reported an accident year ratio of 100.5% (2021: 102.8%) of price strengthening as reinsurers managed inflation and
representing a 2.3% improvement year-on-year. an uncertain global economic outlook. The market continued
to experience tightening policy coverage and positive price
Weather related disasters continued to dominate in 2022. The US
momentum was particularly pronounced in distressed and high
was significantly impacted with Hurricane Ian and the severe
exposure accounts across most lines of business. Capacity
convective storm season, both of which had a major impact on
availability continued to return for better performing portfolios,
results for this line. Other regions also experienced extreme events;
but not to the detriment of underwriting discipline.
notably the Australian Floods, European windstorms and Typhoon
Nanmadol. Prior year movement
Attachment point and aggregate deployment are key themes for The prior year movement was a release of 2.9% (2021:
this line given higher frequency and severity of loss activity in strengthening of 8.1%). Despite 2022 being a year of favourable
recent years. prior year claims experience for casualty reinsurance business,
emerging issues such as the material increase in economic
Prior year movement inflationary environment drove further uncertainty on this line.
The prior year movement was a release of 4.9%, calculated as the
Looking ahead
net movement in ultimate claims, as a percentage of net earned
premium (2021: release of 3.9%). Releases are generally expected The market continues to closely monitor social and economic
as claims estimates for older losses become more certain and inflation as well as the rise in interest rates to ensure adequate
margins for uncertainty are released. and robust pricing and reserving.
Experience on prior years has been favourable overall. There have While new capacity has come to the market during 2022, the
been reductions in ultimate claims on some historical catastrophe expectation is that positive pricing momentum will continue and
events such as Hurricane Harvey (2017), Hurricane Irma (2017), the availability of capacity for loss impacted accounts will remain
California Wildfires (2017), Typhoon Faxai (2019) and Typhoon constrained. Maintaining pricing parity with claims inflation will
Hagibis (2019). These movements have been partially offset by remain a key theme and prudent risk selection and terms setting will
deteriorations on 2021 catastrophe events on property reinsurance continue to remain fundamental to profitability in the coming year.
classes, in particular Hurricane Ida, European Flooding events and
the US Winter Storms. Reinsurance – Specialty
In addition to this, property reinsurance losses arising from Marine reinsurance is the largest sector of the Lloyd’s specialty
COVID-19 have deteriorated, driven in general by litigation reinsurance business, followed by energy and aviation.
developments.
2022 performance
Looking ahead Specialty reinsurance gross written premium for 2022 was
January 2023 presented one of the hardest and most dislocated £2,802m (2021: £2,512m), an increase of 11.5%.
reinsurance markets in years. Accumulated reinsurer loss
The line reported an accident year ratio of 96.4% (2021: 80.9%),
experience was exacerbated by Hurricane Ian and contributed to
representing a 15.5% deterioration year-on-year.
an ongoing trend of loss fatigue and trapped collateral. Alongside
the global inflationary environment and rising risk-free returns, Gross written premium by sector within specialty was as follows:
this manifested in a reduction of capacity available within the marine, aviation and transport £2,115m (2021: £1,782m), energy
reinsurance and retrocession market. Property reinsurance was £684m (2021: £655m), life £3m (2021: £75m).
among the most impacted lines of business, with a significant
Marine reinsurance has historically included composite programmes
imbalance between supply and demand for capacity and a more
for a broad variety of coverages such as political violence, strikes,
restrictive product offering. These trends are likely to present
riots, war and civil commotion. 2022 performance was negatively
both an opportunity for writers of property reinsurance as price
impacted by the conflict in Ukraine.
increases accelerate, while also creating cost and capacity
challenges for their own retrocession programmes. It is widely
expected that these trends are likely to persist for the
foreseeable future.
2 5 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Prior year movement Prior year movement
The prior year movement was a strengthening of 0.3% (2021: The prior year movement was a release of 6.8% (2021: release
strengthening of 0.2%). Claims experience has performed broadly of 9.9%). Recent years of account have seen elevated levels of
in line with expectations over 2022. catastrophe losses worldwide, with the most impact seen for
the direct and facultative lines of business. On catastrophe losses,
This sector is predominantly marine, aviation and motor business,
there is a tendency for the initial view of claims to allow for inherent
written on an excess of loss basis. All three of these lines have not
uncertainty and so releases are common.
seen significant movements over 2022. Claims experience on
marine reinsurance, however has been a little more mixed, with There have been releases on recent catastrophe events during 2022.
deteriorations on Hurricane Ida (2021) being offset by releases In particular, Hurricane Ida (2021) saw favourable movements, as well as
on Hurricane Sandy (2012). the US Winter Storms (2021) and Hurricane Laura (2020). There have
also been releases on older catastrophe events such as Hurricanes
Looking ahead
Harvey, Irma and Maria (2017) and Hurricane Florence (2018).
Following the events arising out of the conflict in Ukraine we have
seen substantial rate increases coming into nearly all programmes As a result of COVID-19, prior years were impacted by contingency,
with increased retentions and reduced aggregate limits. From a business interruption cover and political risks, credit and financial
policy wording perspective we have seen restructuring of guarantee losses. Over the 2022 calendar year, there have been
composite programmes to include more specific cover, as well as releases in respect of business interruption claims, driven by
tightening of wordings and event definitions on both the marine and favourable court rulings in Australia. Additionally, there have been
aviation lines. There are still some key portfolios yet to renew and releases for political risks, credit and financial guarantee losses as
these trends are expected to continue for 2023 renewals. a result of reduced uncertainty in relation to these claims. This has
been partially offset by slight deteriorations in contingency losses in
Property relation to COVID-19.
Looking ahead
Property consists of a broad range of risks written worldwide, made
up of predominantly excess and surplus lines of business. Coverage Positive pricing momentum is expected to continue through 2023,
includes specialist sectors such as terrorism, power generation, driven primarily through hardening reinsurance market costs,
engineering and nuclear. Delegated authority arrangements such particularly where critical catastrophe or political violence
as coverholder frameworks represent a high proportion of the exposures exist.
distribution mix for this class.
Aggregate appetite for catastrophe exposures will remain a key
2022 performance challenge in 2023, requiring focus and discipline to successfully
execute and deliver upon 2023 plans.
Property gross written premium for 2022 was £12,045m (2021:
£9,587m), an increase of 25.6%. Challenges are also envisaged for the political violence and
terrorism segment, as market participants recalibrate risk appetites.
The line reported an accident year ratio of 100.1% (2021: 104.7%),
representing a 4.6% improvement year-on-year. Performance within binder class business remains an area in which
continued focus is needed through 2023.
2022 was impacted by a year of heightened catastrophic losses,
most notably Hurricane Ian. The catastrophe component of the
loss ratio remains under pressure and a challenge to the class
profitability. However, portfolio remediation work continues to drive
improvement on the attritional loss ratio. In addition, the market
continues to see some de-risking of catastrophe exposures in
certain areas and refinement of risk appetites where performance
has lagged.
In terms of the political risk and terrorism segments of the property
portfolio, 2022 performance was negatively impacted by the
conflict in Ukraine. This brought significant levels of distress to an
already volatile geopolitical and macro-economic environment and
put pressure on pricing, aggregation, distribution and reinsurance
protection for some market participants on the back of a prolonged
soft market phase.
Losses in the contingency line of business, due to the impact of
COVID-19, have stabilised. There are no material concerns around
the risk of loss deterioration given the lifting of all legal restrictions in
the UK and the application of exclusions and reductions in exposure.
Almost all policies now exclude coverage. Certain legacy policies still
include pandemic cover having been written many years in advance
however, given the current environment surrounding COVID-19 the
risk of these policies incurring losses is greatly reduced.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 26

2022 Highlights
continued
Casualty Marine, Aviation and Transport
General liability and professional lines represent the largest classes Marine business encompasses a wide variety of sub-lines including
in this line. Other key sectors include shorter tail lines such as cyber cargo, hull, marine war, marine liabilities, and specie and fine art.
and accident & health. Cargo represents the largest class in this line.
2022 performance Aviation encompasses airline, aerospace, general aviation, space
Casualty gross written premium for 2022 was £12,987m (2021: and war. Airline (hull and liability) represents the largest class in
£10,360m), an increase of 25.4%. this line. Other key sectors include general aviation, airport liability,
aviation product manufacturers’ liability, aviation, war/terrorism and
The line reported an accident year ratio of 91.7% (2021: 95.6%),
satellite launch and in-orbit risks.
representing a 3.9% improvement year-on-year
2022 performance
2022 saw positive price momentum for the line slow following
Marine, aviation and transport gross written premium for 2022 was
multiple years of significant price increases across almost all lines
£3,851m (2021: £2,909m), an increase of 32.4%.
of business, particularly cyber.
The line reported an accident year ratio of 101.7% (2021: 90.0%),
The market started to soften while capacity remained stable overall.
representing a 11.7% deterioration year-on-year.
There has been a pronounced shift away from certain lines,
exposures and occupations. Cyber maintained positive pricing Marine, aviation and transport lines continue to see positive price
momentum though not to levels seen in recent years. Proportional momentum coming through the portfolio. 2022 was dominated by
growth was seen in cyber through other distribution channels and the Russian invasion of Ukraine leading to sharp pricing increases,
regions worldwide where a strong correction on rates has been particularly in aviation war and specific marine war breach calls.
carried out. Increased focus on performance management and
For those classes of business, which were largely unaffected by
remediation in cyber has resulted in a continuation of growth
the Russia Ukraine conflict, rate increases remained positive but
outside the US, which represents maturity of cyber standards
showed signs of slowing. Marine liability saw significant price
as well as appetite for portfolio diversification
increases as well as wording tightening across the reinsurances
Directors & officers liability has experienced market softening placed into the market. Cargo, the largest of the sub-classes in
resulting in significant downwards pressure on pricing. the portfolio, continues to deliver excellent results following years
of positive price momentum and improved terms and conditions.
Prior year movement
Marine war portfolios are currently holding reserves in the 2022
The prior year movement was a strengthening of 2.0% (2021:
year of account for potential losses that may materialise as a result
strengthening of 4.7%). Strengthening has been observed over
of blocking and trapping in the Black Sea arising from the conflict
a number of casualty lines and is due to a combination of adverse
in Ukraine.
experience and strengthening of reserving assumptions.
Prior year movement
Inflation has been a key area of oversight for Lloyd’s over 2022,
The prior year movement was a release of 11.4% (2021: release
given the current economic environment. In particular, Lloyd’s set
of 8.0%).
out its expectation to the market that explicit consideration should
be given within the reserves to the impact of the current inflationary On marine lines, there is a tendency for the view of claims to be
environment. As such, part of the strengthening in the prior year held for a number of years to allow for inherent uncertainty and
reserves for casualty is due to increases in allowances for inflation, so releases are common. Overall, these lines of business have
in line with Lloyd’s guidance. performed favourably against expectations over 2022. Many
carriers have reported benign claims experience on prior years
Given the long-term nature of the underlying policies and current
for most lines of business including marine cargo, hull and liability,
macro view on concerns such as economic and social inflation, we
and across both attritional and large claims. Recent years have
would generally expect a greater level of uncertainty in the casualty
seen higher than average catastrophe losses, which are known
line being factored into the reserves. Given the increased level
to drive property damage claims. However, there has been limited
of uncertainty with respect to casualty reserves over 2022,
movement on historical catastrophe events over 2022, with the
in particular with respect to inflation, reserve strengthening in
exception of Hurricane Ida (2021), where losses have deteriorated.
the market is not out of line with expectations.
Similarly, on aviation lines, carriers have reported favourable
Looking ahead
experience for both attritional claims and large losses across a
As with casualty reinsurance there continues to be a growing focus range of lines of business, with many insurers seeing favourable
on social and economic inflation as well as the impact of recession experience on Aerospace classes and hence releasing reserves.
on all lines. Slowing price increases will need to be monitored in light
The ultimate position for losses relating to the grounding of the
of these broader macro-economic trends.
Boeing 737 MAX fleet has remained stable over 2022.
Given the above, there is a continued elevated level of oversight
by Lloyd’s and additional work being done by the market to monitor
the robustness of reserves for this line during this period of
heightened uncertainty.
2 7 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Looking ahead Looking ahead
Following the Russian invasion of Ukraine, there remains After years of positive pricing the initial outlook was to expect
considerable uncertainty as the to the ultimate amounts at which slowing rate increases into 2023. However, convergence of
claims arising from the war will be settled. There has been a sharp midstream loss activity in the second half of 2022 and a changing
contraction in the amount of available reinsurance capacity for the specialty reinsurance market has led to a refreshed outlook with all
affected sub-classes and reinsurance capacity that is available is energy product lines now anticipating to remain positive for another
significantly more expensive than in previous years. This means that year. While some insurers will be prepared to take an increased net
market participants are having to be far more cognisant of exposure to offset increased reinsurance costs, given the high
aggregation and accumulation exposures going forwards, values and large limits the exposure to large losses will still have
particularly in aviation and marine war portfolios. The reinsurance to be carefully managed.
contraction and lateness of reinsurance renewals led to a
2022 saw a substantial increase in opportunities to write renewable
pressurised purchasing environment for syndicates, however it is
energy exposures and this is anticipated once again for 2023,
driving improved underwriting disciplines for the market and the
especially given the increasing requirement to transition towards
expectation is that this will be reflected in better performance going
sustainable energy. Globally, onshore solar and offshore wind in
forwards. An increased awareness for the very real and severe
particular are expected areas of growth; however, pricing and
chance of significant accumulation of risks is leading to necessary
terms and conditions, while improved, remain challenging to
pricing correction, particularly in aviation war and contingent risks.
sustainable profitability.
Marine liabilities, following a relatively benign year in 2022, are
Pricing models and assumptions around secondary catastrophe,
beginning to achieve rate increases whereas other areas in marine
such as hail for example, are specifically likely to be under review in
are largely flat. This does follow several years of positive rate
2023.
change and major improvements and consistency in results.
Motor
Energy
Lloyd’s motor market primarily covers international motor insurance,
Energy encompasses a variety of onshore and offshore property
with a large proportion written in North America, and an increasing
and liability products ranging from construction to exploration,
focus on property damage over liability risks.
production, refining and distribution.
Lloyd’s commercial and fleet business is diverse, ranging from light
2022 performance
commercial vehicles and taxis to buses and heavy haulage.
Energy gross written premium for 2022 was £1,505m (2021:
£1,262m), an increase of 19.3%. 2022 performance
Motor gross written premium in 2022 was £895m (2021: £713m),
The line reported an accident year ratio of 96.6% (2021: 98.0%),
an increase of 25.5%.
representing a 1.4% year-on-year improvement.
The line reported an accident year ratio of 104.5% (2021: 101.0%),
Energy endured a challenging year in 2022 due to the Russian
representing a deterioration of 3.5% year-on-year.
invasion of Ukraine and subsequent sanctions brought against
Russian energy companies and financial institutions. While this Following a number of years of competitive pricing, international
impacted premium levels for many Lloyd’s syndicates, the motor has continued to see positive trends with more price
subsequent energy security concerns that followed and increased strengthening during 2022, though not to the same level as 2021.
energy retail costs, led to a significant uptick in production There has also been a focus on increased deductibles and
elsewhere globally and, as such, insurable values increased by tightening of terms and conditions.
virtue of heightened business interruption exposures. These factors
In the UK, the pricing levels achieved during 2022 are under
were prominent underwriting considerations in 2022. The pricing
pressure from competitors, with a continued focus on performance
environment across property and casualty lines for energy stayed
management and remediation by Lloyd’s.
relatively stable. A number of midstream and downstream gas, LNG,
pipeline and refinery loss activity in the second half of year Prior year movement
materially impacted profitability. The prior year movement was a release of 14.8% of net earned
premium (2021: release of 7.2%). This is driven by favourable claims
Prior year movement
experience against expectation for UK and overseas motor,
The prior year movement was a release of 6.5% (2021: release of
including favourable experience on both small and large injury
6.5%). This line contains a mix of contracts that give rise to claims
claims.
that are settled on both a short-term and long-term time horizon.
With respect to short-term contracts, there has been limited Looking ahead
movement on historical catastrophe events, with the exception of While current indications have shown recent improvements in the
Hurricane Zeta (2020), where losses have deteriorated. Given that performance of international motor, there remains uncertainty as
the energy lines are also exposed to isolated large losses, large to whether current pricing levels are sufficient and whether enough
margins for uncertainty tend to be held and released in benign consideration has been given to further development of longer tail
years. For long-term contracts, these margins can be held for a risks, especially given the inflationary environment.
number of years. Reductions in claims estimates for these large
losses and the release of unused margin is expected to drive
releases at a market level. This is evident across the market with
insurers reporting releases on incurred but not reported (IBNR)
following benign claims experience on prior years of account with
respect to both specific events and attritional claims.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 28

2022 Highlights
continued
Reinsurance
Gross written Accident Prior year Combined Underwriting
premium year ratio movement ratio result
Property £m % % % £m
2018 6,440 121.1 (4.9) 116.2 (672)
2019 6,405 106.5 (0.3) 106.2 (258)
2020 6,627 112.8 (2.8) 110.0 (441)
2021 7,385 102.8 (3.9) 98.9 54
2022 7,745 100.5 (4.9) 95.6 247
Gross written Accident Prior year Combined Underwriting
premium year ratio movement ratio result
Casualty £m % % % £m
2018 2,541 99.7 (3.6) 96.1 78
2019 2,960 102.4 1.7 104.1 (94)
2020 3,321 113.0 (2.3) 110.7 (288)
2021 4,440 88.9 8.1 97.0 99
2022 4,818 94.2 (2.9) 91.3 322
Gross written Accident Prior year Combined Underwriting
premium year ratio movement ratio result
Specialty £m % % % £m
2018 2,089 101.9 (11.0) 90.9 138
2019 2,053 108.6 (2.8) 105.8 (82)
2020 2,211 101.1 (6.0) 95.1 73
2021 2,512 80.9 0.2 81.1 336
2022 2,802 96.4 0.3 96.7 67
2 9 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Insurance
Gross written Accident Prior year Combined Underwriting
premium year ratio movement ratio result
Property £m % % % £m
2018 9,687 114.0 (3.6) 110.4 (700)
2019 9,586 101.5 (1.7) 99.8 12
2020 9,227 135.4 (3.5) 131.9 (2,104)
2021 9,587 104.7 (9.9) 94.8 336
2022 12,045 100.1 (6.8) 93.3 538
Gross written Accident Prior year Combined Underwriting
premium year ratio movement ratio result
Casualty £m % % % £m
2018 9,094 103.9 (1.0) 102.9 (183)
2019 9,459 103.8 1.9 105.7 (390)
2020 9,067 105.2 5.1 110.3 (688)
2021 10,360 95.6 4.7 100.3 (17)
2022 12,987 91.7 2.0 93.7 536
Gross written Accident Prior year Combined Underwriting
premium year ratio movement ratio result
Marine, Aviation and Transport £m % % % £m
2018 3,152 116.2 (0.9) 115.3 (392)
2019 2,802 113.3 (4.8) 108.5 (199)
2020 2,976 98.2 (8.5) 89.7 239
2021 2,909 90.0 (8.0) 82.0 388
2022 3,851 101.7 (11.4) 90.3 280
Gross written Accident Prior year Combined Underwriting
premium year ratio movement ratio result
Energy £m % % % £m
2018 1,404 105.6 (18.2) 87.4 113
2019 1,500 107.5 (10.2) 97.3 27
2020 1,265 99.2 (8.2) 91.0 79
2021 1,262 98.0 (6.5) 91.5 71
2022 1,505 96.6 (6.5) 90.1 97
Gross written Accident Prior year Combined Underwriting
premium year ratio movement ratio result
Motor £m % % % £m
2018 1,037 101.8 (3.1) 98.7 12
2019 1,053 100.6 (1.8) 98.8 11
2020 720 95.5 (2.2) 93.3 48
2021 713 101.0 (7.2) 93.8 35
2022 895 104.5 (14.8) 89.5 62
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 30

Statement of Council’s Responsibilities
Statement of the Council’s The Lloyd’s Annual Report presents the financial results
responsibilities in respect of the of the Society of Lloyd’s and its members. Lloyd’s is not an
Pro Forma Financial Statements insurance company. It is a Society of members, both corporate
and individual, which underwrite insurance via syndicates.
The Pro Forma Financial Statements (PFFS) are prepared These syndicates can comprise one single corporate member
so that the financial results of the Society of Lloyd’s (the or any number of corporate and individual members,
Society) and its members taken together, and their net assets, underwriting severally for their own account. In view of Lloyd’s
can be compared as closely as possible with general unique structure, the Annual Report includes two sets of
insurance companies. financial statements.
The Council of Lloyd’s is responsible for the preparation and
Pro Forma Financial Statements
approval of the PFFS in accordance with the basis of
preparation set out in note 2. The PFFS include the results of the syndicates as reported in
The maintenance and integrity of the Lloyd’s website is the the syndicate annual returns, members’ funds at Lloyd’s (FAL),
responsibility of the Council of Lloyd’s; the work carried out by the Society of Lloyd’s Group financial statements and any
the auditors does not involve consideration of these matters central adjustments (see note 2).
and, accordingly, the auditors accept no responsibility for any
changes that may have occurred to the financial statements Society of Lloyd’s Group Financial
since they were initially presented on the website. Statements
Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the preparation The consolidated financial statements of the Society comprise
of financial statements may differ from legislation in the Society and its subsidiaries, the Lloyd’s Central Fund and the
other jurisdictions. Society’s interest in associates and joint ventures (the Group).
31 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to the
Council on the 2022 Pro Forma Financial
Statements
Independent Reasonable Assurance Our examination of the preparation of the PFFS consisted
Report of PricewaterhouseCoopers principally of:
LLP to the Council of Lloyd’s on the — obtaining an understanding of how the Council of Lloyd’s has
preparation of the 2022 Lloyd’s compiled the PFFS from the audited syndicate annual returns
Pro Forma Financial Statements and accounts, the Society of Lloyd’s books and records and
Members’ Funds at Lloyd’s;
Opinion — checking (on a sample basis) that the financial information
included in the PFFS was correctly extracted from the
In our opinion the Council of Lloyd’s has prepared the Lloyd’s
syndicate annual accounts and the Society of Lloyd’s books
Pro Forma Financial Statements (the “PFFS”) for the financial
and records;
year ended 31 December 2022, defined below, in all material
respects in accordance with the basis of preparation set out — evaluating evidence to support the existence and valuation of
in note 2. Members’ Funds at Lloyd’s; and
This opinion is to be read in the context of what we say in the
— evaluating the evidence supporting the adjustments made in
the preparation of the PFFS and obtaining evidence that the
remainder of this report.
PFFS have been prepared in accordance with the basis of
What we have assured preparation set out in the PFFS notes.
The PFFS, which are prepared by the Council of Lloyd’s, The engagement also involves evaluating the overall
comprise: the Pro Forma Balance Sheet as at 31 December presentation of the PFFS. We do not independently assess and
2022; the Pro Forma Profit and Loss account, the Pro Forma do not opine on the appropriateness of the basis of preparation
Statement of Comprehensive Income, and the Pro Forma of the PFFS.
Statement of Cash Flows for the year then ended; and the notes
to the financial statements. The responsibilities of the Council of Lloyd’s and
our responsibilities
The financial reporting framework that has been applied in
The Council of Lloyd’s is responsible for establishing and
the preparation of the PFFS is set out in note 2, the “basis
selecting suitable criteria (the basis for preparing the PFFS) and
of preparation”.
the preparation and approval of the PFFS in accordance with
Our assurance does not extend to information in respect of the basis of preparation set out in note 2. According to the
earlier periods or to any other information included in the Lloyd’s Statement of Council’s Responsibilities, the PFFS are prepared
Annual Report 2022 within which the PFFS for the year ended so that the financial results of the Society of Lloyd’s and its
31 December 2022 are included. members taken together, and their net assets, can be compared
as closely as possible with general insurance companies.
What a reasonable assurance engagement
involves Our responsibility is to express an opinion about whether the
We performed a reasonable assurance engagement in preparation of the PFFS has been performed by the Council of
accordance with International Standard on Assurance Lloyd’s on the basis set out in note 2.
Engagements 3000 (Revised) – ‘Assurance Engagements other This report including our conclusions has been prepared solely
than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information’, issued for the Council of Lloyd’s in accordance with our engagement
by the International Auditing and Assurance Board. letter dated 6 September 2022 (the “instructions”). Our
We complied with the Institute of Chartered Accountants in examination has been undertaken so that we might state to the
England and Wales (ICAEW) Code of Ethics, which includes Council of Lloyd’s those matters which we are required to state
independence and other requirements founded on fundamental in this report in accordance with the instructions and for no
principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not
due care, confidentiality and professional behaviour, that are at accept or assume any responsibility for any other purpose or
least as demanding as the applicable provisions of the IESBA to any other person to whom this report is shown or into whose
Code of Ethics. We apply International Standard on Quality hands it may come save where expressly agreed by our prior
Control (UK) 1 and accordingly maintain a comprehensive system consent in writing.
of quality control including documented policies and procedures
regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional
standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
The PFFS have been compiled by aggregating financial
information reported in syndicate annual returns and accounts, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
which have been submitted to the Council of Lloyd’s and on which London
the auditors of each syndicate have reported, members’ Funds at 22 March 2023
Lloyd’s (FAL) and the financial statements of the Society of
Lloyd’s (the Society). Our work in respect of the syndicate annual
returns and accounts did not involve assessing the quality of the
syndicate audits or performing any audit procedures over the
financial or other information of the syndicates or provided by
the managing agents of the syndicates.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 32

Pro Forma Profit and Loss Account
(For the year ended 31 December 2022)
2022 2021
Technical account Note £m £m £m £m
Gross written premiums 9 46,705 39,216
Outward reinsurance premiums (12,135) (10,777)
Premiums written, net of reinsurance 34,570 28,439
Change in the gross provision for unearned premiums (2,445) (2,223)
Change in the provision for unearned premiums, reinsurers’ share 333 441
(2,112) (1,782)
Earned premiums, net of reinsurance 9 32,458 26,657
Allocated investment return transferred from the non-technical account 9 (1,448) 48
Claims paid
Gross amount 21,405 19,931
Reinsurers’ share (7,350) (6,722)
14,055 13,209
Change in provision for claims
Gross amount 7,358 3,214
Reinsurers’ share (2,758) (983)
4,600 2,231
Claims incurred, net of reinsurance 9 18,655 15,440
Net operating expenses 9, 11 11,162 9,476
Balance on the technical account for general business 1,193 1,789
Non-technical account
Balance on the technical account for general business 1,193 1,789
Investment return on syndicate assets (1,613) 113
Notional investment return on members’ funds at Lloyd’s 6 (1,338) 841
Investment return on Society assets (177) (6)
Total investment return 12 (3,128) 948
Allocated investment return transferred to the technical account 1,448 (48)
(1,680) 900
Gain on foreign exchange 158 66
Other income 75 91
Other expenses (515) (569)
Result for the financial year before tax (769) 2,277
All operations relate to continuing activities.
33 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Pro Forma Statement of
Comprehensive Income
(For the year ended 31 December 2022)
2022 2021
Note £m £m
Result for the financial year before tax 8 (769) 2,277
Currency translation differences 273 (19)
Other comprehensive losses in the syndicate annual accounts (46) (14)
Remeasurement gain on pension liabilities in the Society annual accounts 113 72
Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year (429) 2,316
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 34

Pro Forma Balance Sheet
(For the year ended 31 December 2022)
2021
2022 (Restated)
Note £m £m £m £m
Financial investments 13 83,583 73,041
Deposits with ceding undertakings 899 720
Reinsurers’ share of technical provisions
Provision for unearned premiums 18(a) 4,847 4,076
Claims outstanding 18(c) 29,408 24,208
34,255 28,284
Debtors
Debtors arising out of direct insurance operations 14 14,162 10,322
Debtors arising out of reinsurance operations 15 9,418 8,969
Other debtors 887 777
24,467 20,068
Other assets
Tangible assets 23 25
Cash at bank and in hand 16 12,289 10,957
Other 151 158
12,463 11,140
Prepayments and accrued income
Accrued interest and rent 166 105
Deferred acquisition costs 18(b) 5,387 4,528
Other prepayments and accrued income 310 269
5,863 4,902
Total assets 161,530 138,155
Members’ funds at Lloyd’s 6 34,139 31,272
Members’ balances 17 2,961 2,208
Members’ assets (held severally) 37,100 33,480
Central reserves (mutual assets) 2,502 2,277
Total capital and reserves 8 39,602 35,757
Subordinated loan notes 2, 4 603 796
Total capital, reserves and subordinated loan notes 40,205 36,553
Technical provisions
Provision for unearned premiums 18(a) 23,228 19,074
Claims outstanding 18(c) 80,905 67,800
104,133 86,874
Deposits received from reinsurers 1,545 1,734
Creditors
Creditors arising out of direct insurance operations 20 1,016 871
Creditors arising out of reinsurance operations 21 10,254 8,115
Other creditors including taxation 2,705 2,538
Senior debt 2, 4 303 299
14,278 11,823
Accruals and deferred income 1,369 1,171
Total capital, reserves and liabilities 161,530 138,155
Approved by the Council on 22 March 2023 and signed on its behalf by
Bruce Carnegie-Brown John Neal
Chairman Chief Executive Officer
35 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Pro Forma Statement of Cash Flows
(For the year ended 31 December 2022)
2021
2022 (Restated)
Note £m £m
Result for the financial year before tax (769) 2,277
Increase in gross technical provisions 14,273 5,659
Increase in reinsurers’ share of gross technical provisions (4,952) (3,390)
Increase in debtors (4,127) (1,600)
Increase in creditors 1,924 552
Movement in other assets/liabilities (578) (3)
Investment return 3,128 (948)
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment charge 20 18
Tax (paid)/refund (23) 26
Foreign exchange (1,317) (34)
Other 43 47
Net cash inflows from operating activities 7,622 2,604
Investing activities
Purchase of equity and debt instruments (46,945) (40,821)
Sale of equity and debt instruments 39,357 37,233
Purchase of derivatives (345) (455)
Sale of derivatives 275 406
Investment income received 750 610
Other (279) (432)
Net cash outflows from investing activities (7,187) (3,459)
Financing activities
Net losses collected from members 360 2,109
Net capital transferred out of syndicate premium trust funds (298) (1,296)
Redemption of subordinated loan notes (194) –
Interest paid on subordinated and senior loan notes (46) (46)
Net movement in members’ funds at Lloyd’s 869 206
Other (103) (4)
Net cash inflows from financing activities 588 969
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 1,023 114
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 12,416 12,303
Foreign exchange differences on cash and cash equivalents 342 (1)
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December 22 13,781 12,416
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 36

Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
(For the year ended 31 December 2022)
1. The Pro Forma Financial Statements The approach taken in preparing the PFFS is outlined in (a) to (e):
The Pro Forma Financial Statements (PFFS) are prepared so that (a) Aggregation
the financial results of Lloyd’s and its members taken together, The PFFS have not been prepared in accordance with full
and their net assets, can be compared as closely as possible with consolidation principles and do not present a consolidated view
general insurance companies. of the results of the Lloyd’s business taken as a single entity for the
reasons detailed further below. However, the PFFS may be used as
2. Basis of preparation a reasonable presentation of the results and state of affairs of the
Lloyd’s market on a basis that is broadly comparable with general
General
insurance companies.
The PFFS have been prepared by aggregating audited financial
The syndicates’ financial information included in the PFFS
information reported in syndicate returns and annual accounts
has been prepared in accordance with the recognition and
(Aggregate Accounts), members’ funds at Lloyd’s (FAL) and the
measurement requirements of UK accounting standards by
audited financial statements of the Society of Lloyd’s (the Society)
reference to the accounting policies that are deemed most
on pages 121 to 164. The Council considers the environment in
appropriate by the managing agents. Where different accounting
which the Society of Lloyd’s and Lloyd’s market participants are
policies have been selected by managing agents in preparing
operating and any associated risks which could have an impact on
syndicate annual accounts, no adjustments are made to align the
the reasonableness of financial information presented in the PFFS.
bases of recognition and measurement in the PFFS. In addition, no
Where the Council considers it appropriate, central adjustments
adjustments are made to eliminate inter-syndicate transactions and
may be included in the PFFS to reflect the impact of any additional
balances except for those relating to inter-syndicate loans, Special
risks, as deemed necessary in preparing the PFFS. Having assessed
Purpose Arrangements (SPA) and reinsurance-to-close (RITC)
the principal risks, the Council considered it appropriate to adopt
arrangements between syndicates. Transactions between
the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the PFFS; the
syndicates and the Society are also eliminated in the PFFS.
going concern and viability statement of the Society is included
These adjustments are described below:
within the Society Report on page 112.
Inter-syndicate loans
The Aggregate Accounts report the audited results for calendar
The syndicate annual accounts report debtor and creditor balances
year 2022 and the financial position at 31 December 2022 for all
for inter-syndicate loans totalling £447m (2021: £334m). These
life and non-life syndicates that transacted business during the
amounts have been eliminated from those amounts reported in
year. The results and total capital and reserves for life syndicates
the balance sheet to provide a more meaningful presentation of
are not material and have not been separately disclosed in the profit
the balance sheet for users of the PFFS.
and loss account and balance sheet. The results for life business
are reported in the segmental analysis (note 9). The Aggregate Special Purpose Arrangements (SPA)
Accounts are reported as a separate document and can be viewed The Aggregate Accounts include the results and assets of the SPA
at www.lloyds.com/fullyearresults2022. In order to provide more (see Glossary on page 165). Due to the nature of the SPA, the quota
meaningful information in the Aggregate Accounts and PFFS, the share of the host syndicates’ business is reported as gross written
Society has required syndicates to consistently report certain premiums in both the host syndicate and the SPA annual accounts.
disclosures, presented on a basis which may vary from the This leads to an overstatement of the original premiums written by
presentation included in the individual syndicate’s annual accounts. the whole Lloyd’s market. To provide users of the PFFS with a more
meaningful presentation of the market’s figures, all the transactions
The profit and loss account in the PFFS aggregates the syndicate
arising from the insurance contracts between the SPA and host
results, the notional investment return on members’ capital and the
syndicates have been eliminated. The key impact of this elimination
results of the Society. The balance sheet in the PFFS aggregates
is that gross written premium is reduced by £862m (2021: £772m).
the assets and liabilities held at syndicate level, members’ assets
The elimination does not affect the PFFS result or the balance due
held as FAL and the central resources of the Society.
to members. All other inter-syndicate reinsurance arrangements are
The PFFS have, where practicable, been prepared in compliance included in full.
with United Kingdom Accounting Standards (UK Generally
Reinsurance-to-close arrangements between syndicates
Accepted Accounting Practice (UK GAAP)), including Financial
The Aggregate Accounts include the results of the syndicates,
Reporting Standard 102 (FRS 102) and the applicable Accounting
including the arrangements where prior years of account are ceded
Standard on insurance contracts Financial Reporting Standard 103
to other syndicates. Due to the nature of the arrangements, the
(FRS 103). In preparing the PFFS, note disclosures have been
ceding and accepting syndicates report these as current period
included for those areas the Council consider material to enable the
transactions impacting gross written premiums, net earned
PFFS to depict a comprehensive view of the financial results and
premiums and net incurred claims. This leads to an overstatement
position of the Lloyd’s market and to enable comparison with
of such balances for the Lloyd’s market as a whole. To provide
general insurance companies. Application of UK GAAP is not
users of the PFFS with a more meaningful presentation of the
practicable for the following items:
market’s figures, such RITC arrangements between syndicates
— Use of the aggregation basis to prepare the PFFS for prior years of account have been eliminated. The impact of
— Notional investment return on members’ funds at Lloyd’s this elimination is a reduction in gross written premium, net earned
— The statement of changes in equity premiums and net incurred claims by £1,057m (2021: £893m),
— Taxation £861m (2021: £844m) and £861m (2021: £844m) respectively.
— Related party transactions The elimination does not affect the PFFS result or the balance
due to members.
37 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Transactions between syndicates and the Society (d) Taxation
— Central Fund contributions, members’ subscriptions and other The PFFS report the market’s result before tax. Members are
market charges levied by the Society are reported as net responsible for tax payable on their syndicate results and
operating expenses in the syndicate returns and as income investment income on FAL. For consistency, the results of the
in the Society’s financial statements. Society are also included pre-tax in the profit and loss account.
— Syndicate loans to the Central Fund are reported as assets The statement of financial position in the Society financial
in the syndicate returns and as equity in the Society financial statements includes the Society’s own tax provision balances.
statements. Interest on the loans is reported as investment
(e) Related party transactions
income in syndicate returns and as a reduction to equity in the
Individual syndicates or their members do not disclose details of
Society’s financial statements.
insurance and/or reinsurance transactions with other (non-related)
— Technical insurance-related transactions and balances existing
syndicates or members within the market. Therefore, analysis
between the syndicates and the subsidiaries of the Society are
and/or disclosure of these transactions within the Lloyd’s market in
reported in both the syndicate returns and in the Society’s
the PFFS is not possible. Other than the disclosures made in
financial statements.
note 24, a more detailed related party transaction note is therefore
— Central Fund claims and provisions to discharge the liability of not included within the PFFS. The annual accounts of each
members where they have unpaid cash calls, and do not have the syndicate or member provide, where appropriate, the required
resources to meet those cash calls, are reported as a profit and disclosures on related parties. The related party transactions of the
loss charge and balance sheet liability in the Society financial Society are disclosed in note 32 on page 164 of the Society financial
statements. The Central Fund’s other income includes recoveries statements.
from insolvent members. The syndicate returns include those
Members’ funds at Lloyd’s (FAL)
members’ results and at the balance sheet date will report the
outstanding liability within members’ balances. FAL comprise the capital provided by members, which is generally
held centrally, to support their underwriting, and are the equivalent
— Loans funding statutory insurance deposits and other deposits
of capital shown in insurance companies’ accounts. The valuation
received from syndicates are reported as assets within the
of FAL has, therefore, been included in the pro forma balance sheet.
syndicate returns and as liabilities in the Society financial
FAL is available to meet cash calls made on the member in respect
statements.
of a syndicate liability. The assets in FAL must be readily realisable
(b) Notional investment return on members’ funds and may include letters of credit and bank and other guarantees.
at Lloyd’s (FAL)
The total resources, including FAL, for members writing ongoing
A notional investment return on FAL has been estimated, which insurance must be at least equivalent to the aggregate of the
is the equivalent of insurance companies generating investment member’s Economic Capital Assessment (ECA) requirement
return on the capital that they hold to support their underwriting. and certain liabilities in respect of its underwriting business. Each
Where Lloyd’s is the investment manager for FAL, the actual member’s ECA to support its underwriting at Lloyd’s is determined
return achieved has been included. For other assets the notional using Lloyd’s Solvency Capital Requirement to ultimate capital
investment return, net of management fees, is estimated on the setting methodology.
average value of FAL during the year, based on yields from indices
for each type of asset held. The typical investment return on bank Subordinated loan notes
deposits has been applied to FAL, provided as letters of credit or In accordance with the terms of the Society’s subordinated loan
bank guarantees. The actual return achieved on FAL investments notes, the capital raised is available for payment to policyholders in
will differ from the notional return due to individual stocks held, daily advance of repayment to the note holders and is included in ‘capital,
cash flows and transactional charges. Notional investment return on reserves and subordinated loan notes’ in the pro forma balance
FAL is reported in the non-technical account. sheet. Note 24(a) to the Society financial statements on pages
160 to 161 provides additional information.
Due to the estimation of the notional investment return, movements
in FAL recorded within the financing section of the statement Senior debt
of cash flows is comprised of both cash and non-cash activity. Unsecured senior debt of £300m was issued by the Society on
21 January 2020, increasing liabilities. The debt has been issued
(c) Statement of changes in equity
to finance the investment in the Future at Lloyd’s strategy.
Where Lloyd’s is not the investment manager for FAL, actual changes
Note 24(b) to the Society financial statements on page 161 provides
are not available and therefore a statement of changes in equity has
additional information.
not been included. However, a statement of changes in members’
balances has been included in note 17, which, along with the Society’s Society financial statements
Group statement of changes in equity (on page 124), represents the The PFFS include the results and capital and reserves reported in
changes in equity of the other components of the PFFS. the financial statements of the Society of Lloyd’s, comprising the
consolidated financial statements of the Society of Lloyd’s and its
subsidiaries, the Lloyd’s Central Fund and the Society’s interest
in associates and joint ventures.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 38

Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2022)
3. Accounting policies (a) Aggregate Accounts
General
Sources of significant accounting judgements
Under the Insurance Accounts Directive (Lloyd’s Syndicate and
and estimation uncertainty
Aggregate Accounts) Regulations 2008, as amended by The
The PFFS aggregates judgements, estimates and assumptions
Statutory Auditors and Third Country Auditors Regulations 2017,
made by managing agents in respect of syndicate balances, and
managing agents must prepare syndicate annual accounts under
the Council, in respect of the Society of Lloyd’s and FAL balances.
UK GAAP. However, where UK GAAP permits different accounting
These judgements, estimates and assumptions affect the
treatments, each managing agent is able to adopt the accounting
application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets,
policies it considers most appropriate to its syndicate. The following
liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from
accounting policies are, therefore, an overview of the policies
these estimates.
generally adopted by syndicates.
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing Premiums written
basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period
Premiums written represent premiums on business incepting
in which the estimate is revised and in any future periods affected.
during the year, together with adjustments for premiums written in
In particular, information about significant areas of estimation
previous accounting periods. Premiums written are stated before
uncertainty and critical judgements in applying accounting policies
deduction of commissions but net of taxes, duties levied on
that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in
premiums and other deductions.
the PFFS are described in the following accounting policies:
Unearned premiums
— Claims provisions and related recoveries are the most significant
Written premiums are recognised as earned according to the risk
accounting estimate in preparing the PFFS, in particular for
profile of the policy. Unearned premiums represent the proportion
losses incurred but not reported. Variances between the
of premiums written in the year that relate to unexpired terms of
estimated and actual cost of settling claims impacts claims
policies in force at the balance sheet date, calculated on the
incurred, net of reinsurance and the balance on the technical
basis of established earnings patterns or time apportioned
account for general insurance. Total gross outstanding claims
as appropriate.
at 31 December 2022 is £80,905m (2021: £67,800m). The total
estimate as at 31 December 2022, net of reinsurers’ share, is Outward reinsurance premiums
£51,497m (2021: £43,592m) and is included within the pro forma Outward reinsurance premiums comprise the cost of reinsurance
balance sheet (see note 3(a) and note 18). arrangements placed and are accounted for in the same accounting
period as the related insurance contracts. The provision for
— Estimated premium income, in particular estimates for premiums
reinsurers’ share of unearned premiums represents that part
written under delegated authority agreements, is a significant
of reinsurance premium ceded that is estimated to be earned
estimate. Variances between the estimated premium income and
in following financial years.
actual received impact gross written premiums and provisions for
unearned premium (see note 3(a) and note 9). Claims provisions and related recoveries
— Valuation of investments requires a degree of estimation, in Gross claims incurred comprise the estimated cost of all claims
particular for valuations based on models and inputs other occurring during the year, whether reported or not, including related
than those observable in the market (‘Level 3’ of the fair value direct and indirect claims handling costs and adjustments to claims
hierarchy). The estimation uncertainty impacts the carrying value outstanding from previous years.
of financial investments, which is the largest PFFS asset class, The provision for claims outstanding is assessed on an individual
however, a relatively small proportion is valued at ‘Level 3’ of the case basis and is based on the estimated ultimate cost of all claims
fair value hierarchy (see note 3(a) and note 13). notified but not settled by the balance sheet date, together with
— Notional investment return on FAL is an estimate based on yields the provision for related claims handling costs. The provision also
from indices for each type of asset held. The estimation includes the estimated cost of claims incurred but not reported
uncertainty affects the notional investment return presented (IBNR) at the balance sheet date based on statistical methods.
separately in the profit and loss account and the carrying value
These methods generally involve projecting from past experience
of members’ funds at Lloyd’s on the balance sheet (see note 2(b),
of the development of claims over time to form a view of the likely
note 3(b) and note 6).
ultimate claims to be experienced for more recent underwriting,
The Council considers the environment in which the Society of having regard to variations in the business accepted and the
Lloyd’s and Lloyd’s market participants are operating and any underlying terms and conditions. For the most recent years, where
associated risks which could have an impact on the reasonableness a high degree of volatility arises from projections, estimates may
of financial information presented in the PFFS. Where the Council be based in part on output from rating and other models of the
considers it appropriate, central adjustments may be included in business accepted and assessments of underwriting conditions.
the PFFS to reflect the impact of any additional risks, as deemed The amount of salvage and subrogation recoveries is separately
necessary in preparing the PFFS. identified and, where material, reported as an asset.
39 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
The reinsurers’ share of provisions for claims is based on the amounts Foreign currencies
of outstanding claims and projections for IBNR, net of estimated The Council considers that the functional currency and the
irrecoverable amounts, having regard to the reinsurance programme presentational currency of the PFFS and Aggregate Accounts
in place for the line of business, the claims experience for the year is sterling. In the context of the PFFS and Aggregate Accounts
and the current security rating of the reinsurers involved. Statistical the Council views this to be the equivalent of a group which
techniques are used to assist in making these estimates. has different operating units with a mix of functional currencies.
The two most critical assumptions as regards claims provisions are Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional
that the past is a reasonable predictor of the likely level of future currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the
claims development and that the rating and other models used for transactions, or the average rate may be used when this is a
current business are fair reflections of the likely level of ultimate reasonable approximation.
claims to be incurred. The Directors of each syndicate’s managing
At each period end foreign currency monetary items are translated
agent consider that the provisions for gross claims and related
using the closing rate. For this purpose, all assets and liabilities
reinsurance recoveries are fairly stated on the basis of the
arising from insurance contracts (including unearned premiums,
information currently available to them.
deferred acquisition costs and unexpired risks provisions) are
However, the ultimate liability will vary as a result of subsequent monetary items.
information and events, which may result in significant adjustments
Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of
to the amounts provided. Adjustments to the amounts of claims
transactions and from the translation at period end exchange rates
provisions established in prior years are reflected in the financial
of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
statements for the period in which the adjustments are made.
are recognised in the non-technical account.
The methods used, and the estimates made, are reviewed regularly.
Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement
Additional information on insurance risk is disclosed in note 4.
of transactions and from the translation at period end exchange
Discounted claims provisions rates of non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
Due to the long delay between the date of an incurred claim and currencies are recognised in other comprehensive income for those
the final settlement of the claim, the outstanding claims provisions items where the gain or loss is required to be recognised within
are discounted to take account of the expected investment income other comprehensive income, and in the non-technical account
receivable between claim event and settlement dates on the assets where the gain or loss is required to be recognised within profit
held to cover the provisions. This is only applicable to the or loss.
syndicates that discount their claims provisions. Additional detail
Investments
is disclosed in note 19 of the PFFS.
Investments are stated at fair value at the balance sheet date.
Unexpired risks provision For this purpose, listed investments are stated at their bid price
A provision for unexpired risks is made where claims and related market value, and deposits with credit institutions and international
expenses arising after the end of the financial period in respect of deposits are stated at cost, less any provision for impairment.
contracts concluded before that date are expected to exceed the
Unlisted investments for which a market exists are stated at the
unearned premiums under these contracts, after the deduction of
average price at which they are traded on the balance sheet date
any acquisition costs deferred.
or the last trading day before that date.
The provision for unexpired risks is calculated at syndicate level by
reference to lines of business that are managed together, and may
take into account relevant investment return.
Acquisition costs
Acquisition costs, comprising commission and other costs related
to the acquisition of new insurance contracts are deferred to the
extent that they are attributable to premiums unearned at the
balance sheet date.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 40

Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2022)
3. Accounting policies notes continued (b) Members’ funds at Lloyd’s (FAL)
Sources of significant accounting judgements FAL is valued in accordance with its market value at the year end,
and using year end exchange rates. Investments are stated at fair
and estimation uncertainty continued
value at the balance sheet date. For this purpose, listed investments
(a) Aggregate Accounts continued
are stated at their bid price market value, and deposits with credit
Syndicate investment return institutions and international deposits are stated at cost.
Syndicate investment return comprises all investment income,
Unlisted investments for which a market exists are stated at the
realised investment gains and losses and movements in unrealised
average price at which they are traded on the balance sheet date
gains and losses, net of investment expenses, charges and interest.
or the last trading day before that date. Letters of credit are stated
Realised gains and losses on investments carried at market value at the amount guaranteed by the issuing credit institution.
are calculated as the difference between sale proceeds and
As disclosed in the basis of preparation a notional investment return
purchase price.
on FAL is estimated, which is recognised in the non-technical account.
Unrealised gains and losses on investments represent the
Members that only participate on one syndicate may hold the
difference between the valuation at the balance sheet date and
capital supporting their underwriting in their syndicate’s premium
the valuation at the previous balance sheet date, or purchase price,
trust funds. Where a member takes advantage of this facility, the
if acquired during the year, together with the reversal of unrealised
capital held in the premium trust fund is reported within members’
gains and losses recognised in earlier accounting periods in respect
balances and the investment return retained within the non-
of investment disposals in the current period.
technical account.
Syndicate investment return is initially recorded in the non-technical
(c) Society of Lloyd’s (the Society)
account. A transfer is made from the non-technical account to the
general business technical account where the investments The accounting policies adopted in the Society of Lloyd’s financial
generating the return relate to insurance business. statements are set out on pages 121 to 164.
Tangible assets (d) Comparative disclosures
Tangible assets relate to plant and equipment and the Lloyd’s Comparative balances have been restated to reflect changes
Collection, with additional detail disclosed in note 2 to the Society to presentation in the current year, whereby certain amounts
of Lloyd’s financial statements on page 127. previously reported within other debtors are now correctly reported
Taxation within other assets. These adjustments do not have any impact
The PFFS report the market’s result before tax because it is the on total capital and reserves reported in prior periods.
members rather than the syndicates that are responsible for tax The Society of Lloyd’s transitioned its basis of preparation of
payable on their syndicate results and investment income on FAL. financial statements from International Financial Reporting
No provision has therefore been made in the PFFS for income tax Standards (IFRS) to UK GAAP with effect from 1 January 2021.
payable by members. Any payments on account of members’ tax The Council considers that it brings the basis of reporting in line
liabilities made on their behalf by a syndicate during the year are with the market reporting in the PFFS. There were no adjustments
included in the balance sheet within other debtors or other recognised as a result of this transition to UK GAAP impacting the
creditors including taxation. result on capital and reserves. However, certain balances were
Operating expenses restated in line with UK GAAP requirements as stated below.
Operating expenses have been charged to the syndicates in Pro Forma Balance Sheet
accordance with the policies adopted by the managing agents. Previously
Profit commission reported Restated
As at 31 December 2021 £m £m
Where profit commission is charged by the managing agent it will
normally be fully paid once the appropriate year of account closes, Financial investments 72,977 73,041
normally at 36 months. The profit commission is generally accrued Debtors arising out of reinsurance
in the profit and loss account in accordance with the earned profit. operation 9,023 8,969
Managing agents may make payments on account of their Other debtors 970 777
anticipated profit commission from the syndicate premiums trust Other assets 43 158
funds prior to the closure of a year of account where they have Accrued interest and rent 91 105
transferred open year surpluses (interim profits) from the syndicate
Other prepayment and accrued
level premiums trust funds to the members’ personal reserve fund.
income 215 269
Any payments on account of such commission are restricted to the
profit commission expensed in the profit and loss account in striking There has also been an adjustment to comparatives on the cash
the level of interim profits declared and subsequently released. flow statement and related notes to correctly reflect restatements
to the amount of cash and cash equivalents reported by syndicates
Cash at bank and in hand
for the year ended 31 December 2021. This adjustment does not
Cash at bank and in hand includes cash in hand, deposits held
have any impact on net cash flows or total capital and reserves
at call with banks, other short-term highly liquid investments with
reported in prior periods.
original maturities of three months or less and bank overdrafts.
Bank overdrafts, when applicable, are shown within other creditors.
41 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Pro Forma Statement of Cash Flows and related note Although, as described below, Lloyd’s capital setting processes use
Previously a capital requirement set at syndicate level as a starting point, the
For the year ended reported Restated requirement to meet Solvency II and Lloyd’s capital requirements
31 December 2021 £m £m apply at an overall and member level only, not at a syndicate level.
Cash and cash equivalents at Accordingly, the capital requirements in respect of individual
1 January 12,734 12,303 syndicates are not disclosed in these financial statements.
Cash and cash equivalents at Lloyd’s capital setting process
31 December 12,847 12,416 In order to meet Lloyd’s requirements, each syndicate is required
Overdraft (note 22) 132 (299) to calculate its Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) for the
prospective underwriting year. This amount must be sufficient
4. Risk management to cover a 1 in 200 year loss, reflecting uncertainty in the ultimate
run-off of underwriting liabilities (SCR ‘to ultimate’). The SCRs
Governance framework of each syndicate are subject to review by the Society and approval
The following governance structure relates to the Society as a by the Lloyd’s Capital and Planning Group.
whole, as the preparer of the PFFS. Individual syndicates will report,
A syndicate may be comprised of one or more underwriting
in their syndicate annual accounts, the governance structure
members of Lloyd’s. Each member is liable for its own share of
applied to them by their managing agents.
underwriting liabilities on the syndicate(s) on which it is participating
An Act of Parliament, the Lloyd’s Act 1982, defines the governance but not other members’ shares. Accordingly, the capital requirement
structure and rules under which Lloyd’s operates. Under the Act, the that Lloyd’s sets for each member operates on a several basis.
Council is responsible for the management and supervision of the Each member’s SCR shall thus be determined by the sum of the
market. Lloyd’s is regulated by the Prudential Regulation Authority member’s share of the syndicate SCR ‘to ultimate’. Where a
(PRA) and the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) under member participates on more than one syndicate, a credit for
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. diversification is provided to reflect the spread of risk, but
consistent with determining an SCR that reflects the capital
The Council currently has three working, three external and five
requirement to cover a 1 in 200 year loss ‘to ultimate’ for that
nominated members. The working and external members are
member. Over and above this, the Society applies a capital uplift
elected by Lloyd’s members. The Chairman and Deputy Chairs are
to the member’s capital requirement to determine the ECA.
elected annually by the Council from among its members.
The purpose of this uplift, which is a Lloyd’s not a Solvency II
All members are approved by the PRA.
requirement, is to meet Lloyd’s financial strength, licence and
The Council can discharge some of its functions directly by making ratings objectives. The capital uplift applied for 2022 was 35%
decisions and issuing resolutions, requirements, rules and byelaws. (2021: 35%) of the member’s SCR ‘to ultimate’.
Other decisions are delegated to associated committees.
Solvency Capital Requirement (Solvency II basis)
The Council is responsible for the day to day management of The SCR represents the amount of capital required to withstand
the Lloyd’s market. It lays down guidelines for all syndicates and a 1 in 200 year loss event over a one year horizon. Given Lloyd’s
operates a business planning and monitoring process to safeguard unique structure there are two SCRs that are monitored under
high standards of underwriting and risk management, thereby the Solvency II regime:
improving sustainable profitability and enhancing the financial
strength of the market.
— The Lloyd’s market-wide SCR (MWSCR) is calculated to cover all
of the risks of ‘the association of underwriters known as Lloyd’s’,
The principal committees of the Council are the Nominations & ie. those arising on syndicate activity, members’ capital provided
Governance Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Audit at Lloyd’s and the Society taken together, at a 99.5% confidence
Committee, the Risk Committee; the other committees of the level over a one year time horizon as provided for in Solvency II
Council include the Market Supervision and Review Committee, the legislation. All of the capital of the component parts of the market
Environmental, Social and Governance Committee, the Capacity taken together are available to meet the MWSCR.
Transfer Panel, the Underwriting Advisory Panel, the Investment
— The Lloyd’s central SCR (CSCR) is calculated in respect of only
Committee and the Technology & Transformation Advisory Panel.
the risks facing the Society, including the Central Fund, at the
Capital management objectives, policies and same confidence level and time horizon used to calculate the
approach MWSCR.
Capital framework at Lloyd’s
The material risk is that members do not have sufficient funds to
The Society is a regulated undertaking and subject to the
meet their underwriting losses even having complied with the
supervision of the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) under the
Society’s rigorous capital setting rules.
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. Within this supervisory
framework, the Society applies capital requirements at member Individual syndicates are also required to calculate a SCR,
level and centrally to ensure that Lloyd’s complies with Solvency II, at a 99.5% confidence level over a one year horizon, for each
and beyond that to meet its own financial strength, licence and underwriting year; this drives the determination of member level
ratings objectives. SCRs. Each member’s SCR is derived as the sum of the member’s
share of the syndicate’s one year SCR. Where a member
participates on more than one syndicate, a credit for diversification
is provided to reflect the spread of risk.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 42

Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2022)
4. Risk management continued Underwriting risk
This includes the risk that a policy will be written for too low a
Solvency Capital Requirement (Solvency II basis)
premium, provide inappropriate cover, or that the frequency or
continued
severity of insured events will be higher than expected.
The MWSCR and CSCR are derived from the Lloyd’s Internal
Underwriting strategy is agreed by the Board of each managing
Model (LIM), which has been approved by the PRA. Individual
agent and set out in the syndicate business plan that is submitted
syndicates also derive SCRs from their own internal models that
to the Society for agreement each year. Agreement of business
are subject to approval by the Society’s Capital and Planning
plans – and setting the capital requirements needed to support
Group. The appropriateness of each syndicate’s internal model,
these plans – is the key control the Society uses to manage
including changes thereto and the reasonableness of the key
underwriting risk.
assumptions, are assessed as part of the Society’s oversight
of the Lloyd’s market. The Society reviews each syndicate business plan to ensure
it meets Lloyd’s standards and is consistent with the capabilities
The Lloyd’s Internal Model
of the managing agent. Once a plan is agreed, the Society
The LIM is a purpose-built model designed to calculate the MWSCR
uses performance management data to identify whether each
and CSCR as required under Solvency II. It covers all risk types and
syndicate’s business performance is progressing in line with the
all material risks for the aggregation of syndicates as well as for the
business plan or that variations are understood and accepted.
Society, allowing for the unique capital structure of Lloyd’s. The LIM
consists of three main components: the Lloyd’s Investment Risk The managing agents’ underwriting controls should ensure that
Model (LIRM), which simulates economic variables and total assets underwriting is aligned with their strategy, agreed business plan
returns; the Lloyd’s Catastrophe Model (LCM), which models and underwriting policy.
catastrophe risk using syndicates’ views of risk; and the Capital
Managing agents are expected to have controls in place to ensure
Calculation Kernel (CCK), which is the main element of the LIM
that regulatory requirements and the scope of Lloyd’s market
where all other risks are simulated and all risks are combined.
licences are clearly understood and that risks are written within
Syndicates calculate their own SCR. However, the market-wide those requirements.
and central capital requirements are derived from the Society’s
Managing agents need to have clear processes for pricing business
parameterisation at a whole market level to build a view of total
and an audit trail to show how pricing will deliver the projected
market capital requirements from the ground up using market
results within the approved business plan and how pricing will be
level assumptions. The LIM uses a methodology whereby losses
managed over the relevant underwriting cycle.
from insurance and other risks are simulated by line of business,
allocated to syndicates and through to members to assess the level Reserving risk
of capital required by the market and centrally to meet 1 in 200 year Reserving risk arises where the reserves established in the balance
losses over the one year time horizon. sheet are not adequate to meet eventual claims arising. The level
of uncertainty varies significantly across lines of business but
Syndicates are the source of the majority of risks. They source all
can arise from inadequate reserves for known or incurred but
of the insurance business; manage the bulk of the asset portfolios;
not reported (IBNR) claims. These shortfalls can arise from
hold the majority of the counterparty exposures; and conduct most
inadequate reserving processes or from the naturally uncertain
of the day to day operational activity. The syndicate risks include:
progress of insurance events.
insurance risk (underwriting, reserving and catastrophe risk); market
risk on central assets; market risk on syndicate assets (including Lloyd’s current level of aggregate market reserves remains robust
credit risk on Premiums Trust Funds (PTF)); reinsurance and other and the continued level of overall reserve releases are supported by
credit risk; and syndicate operational risk. At the central level, underlying claims experience being more favourable than expected.
additional risks arise from central operational risk and pension This will not necessarily translate to all syndicates.
fund risk.
There are currently specific reserving issues, and the main
Details of the major risk components are set out below. perceived risks relate to macro influences resulting in heightened
inflation, interest rate environment, impact of recession, geopolitical
Insurance risk
uncertainty, climate change and cyber business.
The dominant category of risk faced by Lloyd’s syndicates is
insurance risk. This is the risk arising from the inherent uncertainties
as to the occurrence, amount and timing of insurance liabilities.
In practice, insurance risk can be subdivided into:
(i) underwriting risk
(ii) reserving risk
(iii) credit risk
(iv) catastrophe risk
43 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
The Society analyses reserve developments at line of business
and syndicate levels quarterly; and briefs the market on issues it
considers need to be taken into account. A central adjustment
has been included to reflect the very different nature of these
uncertainties. Case-specific claim reserves should make financial
provision at reported loss levels, without prejudice to coverage.
Legal advisers’, underwriters’ and loss adjusters’ judgement are
used to set the estimated case reserves. Reserving processes use
a variety of statistical analyses such as projections of historical loss
development patterns, with results adjusted for expert judgement.
Lloyd’s syndicates have significant exposure to volatile lines of
business that carry material inherent risk that the ultimate claims
settlement will vary from previous assessments of reserves.
Syndicates’ reserves are annually subject to a formal independent
actuarial opinion and are monitored by the Society. The actuarial
opinions are covered by a combination of formal Actuarial
Professional Standards and specific Lloyd’s guidance and rules.
Credit risk
The market’s principal credit risk is that the reinsurance purchased
to protect the syndicates’ gross losses does not respond as
expected. This can occur because the reinsurer is unable to settle
its liabilities. Managing agents are expected to have a clear and
comprehensive plan for the reinsurance of each syndicate. This
takes into account risk appetite for retained insurance risk and the
potential for the accumulation of risk.
The managing agent should monitor and assess the security of, and
exposure to, each reinsurer and intermediary. Reinsurance credit
risk is subject to quarterly review by Lloyd’s.
Catastrophe risk
Catastrophe risk is the risk of loss occurring across all lines of
business from worldwide catastrophe events. Managing agents
may use catastrophe modelling software, where appropriate, to
monitor aggregate exposure to catastrophe losses. The Society
has developed a suite of Realistic Disaster Scenarios to measure
syndicate level and aggregate market exposure to both natural
catastrophes and man-made losses. These are monitored
frequently and syndicates supply projected probabilistic
exceedance forecasts for Lloyd’s key exposures with their capital
and business plans. Further enhancements to the monitoring and
oversight of aggregate market catastrophe risk exposure have
been implemented within the approved internal model under
Solvency II.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 44

Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2022)
4. Risk management continued
Lloyd’s MWSCR
The MWSCR is broken down into the various risk components as shown below.
31 December 31 December
2022* 2021
SCR SCR
£m £m
Reserving risk 7,285 7,550
All other (attritional) underwriting risk 7,811 7,822
Catastrophe risk 447 802
Market risk 6,582 2,304
Reinsurance credit risk 706 728
Operational risk 561 431
Pension risk 7 35
MWSCR before adjustments 23,399 19,672
Foreign exchange adjustment 101 228
MWSCR 23,500 19,900
The increase in the overall market-wide SCR is driven by growth, increased economic inflation uncertainty and a weakening of the sterling
against US dollars during 2022. These changes are partially offset by an increase in interest rates and increased profitability of business.
The change in inflation uncertainty is captured within market risk, which has increased significantly since 31 December 2021.
Solvency Capital Requirement coverage
Coverage of the MWSCR and CSCR is an ongoing and continuous requirement and the Society reports the results of its solvency test – ie.
the amount of the MWSCR, eligible assets to cover it and the solvency ratio – on a quarterly basis to the PRA. Lloyd’s solvency coverage for
both MWSCR and CSCR are set out below.
Lloyd’s MWSCR
181%
31 December 2022* £23,500m £19,000m £42,500m
31 December 2021 £19,900m £15,302m £35,202m
177%
0% 50% 100% 150% 200% 250%
SCR Eligible assets in excess of the SCR
Lloyd’s CSCR
412%
31 December 2022* £1,350m £4,214m £5,564m
31 December 2021 £1,250m £3,605m £347m £5,202m
388%
0% 100% 200% 300% 400% 500% 600%
SCR Eligible assets in excess of the SCR Ineligible assets
* Represents the position based on solvency returns which have not been assured by independent auditors; this may differ from the final 2022 submissions.
The central solvency ratio has increased to 412% from 388% at 31 December 2021 and the market-wide solvency ratio has increased to
181% from 177% at 31 December 2021. The market-wide ratio increase is driven by increases in Funds at Lloyd’s and member balances.
Please refer to page 22 for further details.
In addition to the quarterly reporting to the PRA, internal risk appetites have been set to monitor the coverage of the MWSCR and CSCR
as part of the risk management framework in place at Lloyd’s. During 2022, the solvency coverage ratios for both the MWSCR and the
CSCR were in excess of internal risk appetites and regulatory requirements.
— MWSCR: The Society aims to hold market capital sufficient to provide financial security to policyholders and capital efficiency to
members. Members are required to put up funds to meet their ECA, which is set as their SCR (on an ultimate view of risk) plus an uplift of
35%. The Society does not require excess capital to be held above this level and considers that the risk appetite of 125% of SCR gives an
appropriate buffer following diversification benefits. In the event that the capital put up by a member falls below their ECA through losses
incurred or an increase in their risk profile, additional funds must be deposited. If members do not recapitalise, their authority to continue
to trade is restricted to the level of their available capital or ultimately fully withdrawn and they cease trading. Such action would then
reduce their risk and the aggregate MWSCR.
— CSCR: All policies written at Lloyd’s are supported by central assets managed by the Society, which underpin the financial strength ratings
of the Lloyd’s market and its international licence network. Accordingly, the risk appetite for 200% CSCR coverage reflects the prudent
approach to maintaining adequate central assets to meet a 1 in 200 year event and be in position to continue to write new business.
45 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
MWSCR CSCR
Solvency cover ratios coverage coverage
31 December 2022* 181% 412%
31 December 2021 177% 388%
Risk appetite for solvency cover ratio 125% 200%
Assets eligible for solvency
The assets of the syndicates, members’ FAL and the Society all contribute towards coverage of the MWSCR, after adjustments to value
items in accordance with Solvency II valuation principles. Members’ assets are however not fungible. The Society assets and callable layer,
in the chain of security, are available to cover the CSCR.
The eligibility of assets to cover the SCR under Solvency II is determined by a tiering test. Tier 1 assets are fully available to cover the SCR,
while Tier 2 and Tier 3 assets in aggregate can cover up to 50% of the SCR. The majority of the assets available to cover the MWSCR are
Tier 1. A proportion of members’ FAL is provided in the form of letters of credit, which are classed as Tier 2 assets, restricting their ability
to cover the MWSCR. However, given the total value of these instruments at 31 December 2022 is less than 50% of the SCR, there are
no unrestricted assets. These letters of credit are callable on demand, and when called the proceeds, namely cash, would qualify as
Tier 1 assets.
The capital tiering rules also apply to the coverage of the central SCR. The inclusion of the subordinated debt and deferred tax asset
results in Lloyd’s available Tier 2 and 3 central capital of £588m (2021: £972m). Given the total Tier 2 and 3 central capital is now less
than the maximum allowance – 50% of the SCR – there is no deduction for ineligible Tier 2 and Tier 3 in 2022 (2021: £347m).
Lloyd’s MWSCR* (£m) – reconciliation of assets from a UK GAAP basis to a Solvency II basis
£m 40,205 42,500 42,500
50,000
2,947 7 7
603
40,000 2,502 (652) 8,238 8,238
37,100
34,255 34,255
30,000
20,000
10,000
0
Subordinated debt Solvency valuation Net profits to Tier 3 Deduction Assets eligible
Central assets adjustments be distributed Tier 2 for ineligible for solvency
Members’ assets Tier 1 Tier 2 and 3
Lloyd’s CSCR* (£m) – reconciliation of assets from a UK GAAP basis to a Solvency II basis
£m 3,886 5,564 5,564
6000 7 7
1,678 581 581
5000
4,976 4,976
4000
603
17,881
3000 3,283
2000
1000
0
Subordinated debt Solvency valuation Tier 3 Deduction for ineligible Assets eligible
Central assets adjustments Tier 2 Tier 2 and 3 for solvency
Members’ assets Tier 1
* Represents the position based on solvency returns which have not been assured by independent auditors; this may differ from the final 2022 submissions.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 46

Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2022)
4. Risk management continued
Claims development table
The tables below illustrate the development of the estimates of earned ultimate cumulative claims for syndicates in aggregate after the end
of the underwriting year, illustrating how amounts estimated have changed from the first estimates made. Non-sterling balances have been
converted using 2022 year end exchange rates to aid comparability. As these tables are on an underwriting year basis, there is an apparent
jump from figures for the end of the underwriting year to one year later, as a large proportion of premiums are earned in the year of
account’s second year of development.
Gross
2012
and
prior
years 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total
Underwriting year £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
At end of 7,530 7,755 7,483 9,129 17,886 14,340 10,806 12,564 15,606 16,315
underwriting year
One year later 14,315 14,806 14,668 20,296 28,681 26,289 24,019 22,749 28,083 –
Two years later 14,553 15,714 16,596 21,856 30,745 28,873 24,794 23,521 – –
Three years later 14,222 15,513 17,628 22,683 31,015 28,894 24,428 – – –
Four years later 14,066 16,766 17,883 22,970 31,090 29,559 – – – –
Five years later 14,535 16,899 18,120 23,250 31,437 – – – – –
Six years later 14,648 16,970 18,144 23,518 – – – – – –
Seven years later 14,590 16,889 18,229 – – – – – – –
Eight years later 14,507 16,898 – – – – – – – –
Nine years later 14,417 – – – – – – – – –
Cumulative
payments 13,576 15,400 15,958 19,921 26,189 21,803 15,403 11,812 8,524 1,816
Estimated
balance to pay 4,902 841 1,498 2,271 3,597 5,248 7,756 9,025 11,709 19,559 14,499 80,905
Net
2012
and
prior
years 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total
Underwriting year £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
At end of 6,237 6,255 5,994 7,068 10,160 9,419 7,832 9,272 11,695 11,431
underwriting year
One year later 11,741 11,964 12,321 15,165 17,814 17,532 17,066 16,445 20,104 –
Two years later 11,926 12,456 13,065 16,116 19,289 19,123 17,183 16,780 – –
Three years later 11,529 12,387 13,577 16,588 19,533 19,008 16,470 – – –
Four years later 11,413 12,772 13,562 16,511 19,363 18,984 – – – –
Five years later 11,562 12,729 13,622 16,555 19,258 – – – – –
Six years later 11,516 12,773 13,545 16,634 – – – – – –
Seven years later 11,465 12,615 13,506 – – – – – – –
Eight years later 11,390 12,569 – – – – – – – –
Nine years later 11,287 – – – – – – – – –
Cumulative
payments 10,810 11,691 12,168 14,636 16,234 14,716 10,871 8,935 6,896 1,489
Estimated
balance to pay 2,920 477 878 1,338 1,998 3,024 4,268 5,599 7,845 13,208 9,942 51,497
47 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Financial risk
Credit risk
Credit risk is the exposure to loss if a counterparty fails to perform its contractual obligations.
As discussed on page 44, the market’s principal credit risk is that the reinsurance purchased to protect the syndicates’ gross losses does
not respond as expected. Syndicates are also exposed to credit risk in their premium debtors. Credit risk in respect of premium debt is
controlled through broker approval and regular monitoring of premium settlement performance. Syndicates and members are exposed
to credit risks in their investment portfolios. PRA and Lloyd’s investment guidelines are designed to mitigate credit risk by ensuring
diversification of holdings.
The carrying amount of financial assets and reinsurance assets represents the maximum credit risk exposure.
The table below shows the maximum exposure to credit risk for the components of the balance sheet. The maximum exposure is shown
gross, before the effect of mitigation through collateral agreements and the use of credit derivatives.
Neither
past
due nor
impaired Past due Impaired Total
2022 £m £m £m £m
Debt securities 61,072 – – 61,072
Participation in investment pools 2,695 – – 2,695
Loans with credit and other institutions 4,352 – – 4,352
Deposits with credit institutions 5,559 – – 5,559
Derivative assets 111 – – 111
Other investments 156 – – 156
Reinsurers’ share of claims outstanding 29,414 – (6) 29,408
Cash at bank and in hand, including letters of credit and bank guarantees 12,289 – – 12,289
Total 115,648 – (6) 115,642
(Restated)
Neither
past
due nor (Restated)
impaired Past due Impaired Total
2021 £m £m £m £m
Debt securities 50,929 – – 50,929
Participation in investment pools 3,073 – – 3,073
Loans with credit and other institutions 4,045 – – 4,045
Deposits with credit institutions 5,248 – – 5,248
Derivative assets 28 – – 28
Other investments 114 – – 114
Reinsurers’ share of claims outstanding 24,214 – (6) 24,208
Cash at bank and in hand, including letters of credit and bank guarantees 10,957 – – 10,957
Total 98,608 – (6) 98,602
In aggregate there were no material financial assets that would be past due, or impaired whose terms have been renegotiated, held by
syndicates, the Society or within FAL in the current or prior period.
In aggregate there were no material debt and fixed income assets held that were past due or impaired beyond their reported fair values,
either for the current or prior periods under review or on a cumulative basis. For the current period and prior period, in aggregate there
were no material defaults on debt securities.
Assets held as collateral comprise cash and debt securities received as collateral against reinsurance assets transferred from
syndicates’ reinsurers.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 48

Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2022)
4. Risk management continued
Financial risk continued
Credit risk continued
The table below provides information regarding the credit risk exposure at 31 December 2022 by classifying assets according to the credit
ratings of the counterparties. AAA is the highest possible rating. Assets that fall outside the range of AAA to BBB are classified as other.
Debtors, other than amounts due from reinsurers, have been excluded from the table as these are not rated. This table is the sum of assets
neither past due nor impaired.
Rated Rated Rated Rated
AAA AA A BBB Other Total
2022 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Debt securities 20,251 14,183 15,175 7,056 4,407 61,072
Participation in investment pools 178 167 106 38 2,206 2,695
Loans with credit and other institutions 8 44 10 – 4,290 4,352
Deposits with credit institutions 2,169 1,128 1,024 368 870 5,559
Derivative assets – – 5 – 106 111
Other investments 2 3 2 – 149 156
Reinsurers’ share of claims outstanding 485 8,633 17,884 337 2,075 29,414
Cash at bank and in hand 641 571 10,801 81 195 12,289
Total credit risk 23,734 24,729 45,007 7,880 14,298 115,648
Rated Rated Rated Rated
AAA AA A BBB Other Total
2021 (Restated) £m £m £m £m £m £m
Debt securities 15,190 11,981 12,437 6,471 4,850 50,929
Participation in investment pools 166 176 93 36 2,602 3,073
Loans with credit and other institutions 19 45 17 – 3,964 4,045
Deposits with credit institutions 1,742 1,008 1,133 364 1,001 5,248
Derivative assets – 1 2 – 25 28
Other investments 3 3 2 – 106 114
Reinsurers’ share of claims outstanding 293 6,557 15,309 143 1,912 24,214
Cash at bank and in hand 563 576 9,609 77 132 10,957
Total credit risk 17,976 20,347 38,602 7,091 14,592 98,608
49 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk arises where there are insufficient funds to meet liabilities, particularly claims. Managing agents are expected to manage the
cash needs of their syndicates on an ongoing basis and to avoid becoming forced sellers of assets. Generally, syndicates have a high
concentration of liquid assets, namely cash and government securities.
The Society centrally monitors syndicate liquidity and conducts stress tests to monitor the impact on liquidity of significant claims events.
The table below summarises the maturity profile of financial liabilities for the market.
No stated
maturity 0-1 yrs 1-3 yrs 3-5 yrs >5 yrs Total
2022 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Claims outstanding 267 26,816 28,548 12,364 12,910 80,905
Derivatives – 38 6 1 – 45
Deposits received from reinsurers 377 282 382 147 357 1,545
Creditors 1,104 11,165 1,168 168 325 13,930
Other liabilities 164 167 5 1 – 337
Subordinated loan notes – 1 304 – 298 603
Senior debt – 4 – – 299 303
Total 1,912 38,473 30,413 12,681 14,189 97,668
No stated
maturity 0-1 yrs 1-3 yrs 3-5 yrs >5 yrs Total
2021 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Claims outstanding 267 22,393 23,805 10,389 10,946 67,800
Derivatives – 38 3 2 – 43
Deposits received from reinsurers 456 433 348 165 332 1,734
Creditors 808 9,580 804 205 84 11,481
Other liabilities 4 123 1 – – 128
Subordinated loan notes – 1 497 – 298 796
Senior debt – – – – 299 299
Total 1,535 32,568 25,458 10,761 11,959 82,281
Market risk – overview
Market risk is the risk of loss, or of adverse change in financial situation resulting from fluctuations in the level of the market prices of
assets and liabilities arising from exposure to economic variables and market forces such as inflation, interest rates and rates of foreign
exchange.
Syndicate assets are held in premium trust funds and are subject to the asset rules contained in the PRA’s handbook and must comply
with Lloyd’s Membership & Underwriting Requirements. Managing agents manage asset risk through their investment strategy.
Oversight of market risk includes the monitoring of investment management. The Society monitors assets across the full chain of security
to ensure the asset disposition of the market and Society remains appropriate, closely monitoring global economic and market trends.
The potential financial impact of changes in market value is additionally monitored through the capital setting process, and asset mix must
be reported to the Society on a quarterly basis, including credit rating analysis of fixed income portfolios.
Market risk comprises three types of risk:
(i) currency risk
(ii) interest rate risk
(iii) equity price risk
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 50

Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2022)
4. Risk management continued
Financial risk continued
Currency risk
Managing agents must identify the main currencies in which each syndicate transacts its business. For the market overall, the US dollar
is the largest currency exposure. Assets are then held in each of those currencies to match the relevant liabilities. Managing agents must
ensure that assets match liabilities and take corrective action where a mismatch arises. The Society also reviews the matching of assets to
liabilities at the syndicate level as well as at the market level. In addition, many members seek to match their capital disposition by currency
against their peak exposures.
The profile of the aggregate of the Lloyd’s market assets and liabilities, categorised by currency at their translated carrying amounts
was as follows:
Canadian Australian
Sterling US dollar Euro dollar dollar Other Total
2022 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
Financial investments 11,577 56,589 3,119 7,384 2,010 2,904 83,583
Reinsurers’ share of technical provisions 4,659 26,268 1,481 1,277 516 54 34,255
Insurance and reinsurance receivables 3,012 18,089 897 826 609 147 23,580
Cash at bank and in hand 2,565 7,656 813 439 448 368 12,289
Other assets 1,557 5,008 603 434 211 10 7,823
Total assets 23,370 113,610 6,913 10,360 3,794 3,483 161,530
Technical provisions (16,571) (71,937) (5,989) (6,183) (2,707) (746) (104,133)
Insurance and reinsurance payables (1,542) (8,436) (507) (467) (247) (71) (11,270)
Other liabilities (2,162) (3,415) (406) (336) (70) (136) (6,525)
Total liabilities (20,275) (83,788) (6,902) (6,986) (3,024) (953) (121,928)
Total capital and reserves 3,095 29,822 11 3,374 770 2,530 39,602
(Restated) Canadian Australian (Restated)
Sterling US dollar Euro dollar dollar Other Total
2021 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
Financial investments 11,057 48,120 3,084 6,596 1,681 2,503 73,041
Reinsurers’ share of technical provisions 4,641 20,650 1,353 1,105 466 69 28,284
Insurance and reinsurance receivables 3,031 14,287 775 604 501 93 19,291
Cash at bank and in hand 2,431 6,630 731 431 411 323 10,957
Other assets 825 4,789 513 278 132 45 6,582
Total assets 21,985 94,476 6,456 9,014 3,191 3,033 138,155
Technical provisions (15,912) (57,035) (5,542) (5,269) (2,343) (773) (86,874)
Insurance and reinsurance payables (1,430) (6,564) (390) (384) (194) (24) (8,986)
Other liabilities (2,371) (3,427) (254) (272) (88) (126) (6,538)
Total liabilities (19,713) (67,026) (6,186) (5,925) (2,625) (923) (102,398)
Total capital and reserves 2,272 27,450 270 3,089 566 2,110 35,757
51 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Sensitivity analysis
A 10% strengthening or weakening of the pound sterling against the following currencies at 31 December would have
increased/(decreased) the result before tax and members’ balances for the financial year by the amounts shown below. This analysis
assumes that all other variables, in particular interest rates, remain constant.
Impact on Impact on
result members’
before tax balances
2022 £m £m
Strengthening of US dollar 392 3,318
Weakening of US dollar (320) (2,715)
Strengthening of euro (70) 17
Weakening of euro 57 (14)
Impact on Impact on
result members’
before tax balances
2021 £m £m
Strengthening of US dollar 430 3,065
Weakening of US dollar (352) (2,508)
Strengthening of euro (58) 39
Weakening of euro 48 (32)
The impact on the result before tax is different from the impact on members’ balances as the calculation of the notional return on members’
funds at Lloyd’s is not affected by currency movements.
Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that the value and future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in interest rates.
Lloyd’s operates a generally conservative investment strategy with material cash and short-dated bonds portfolios, which reduces the
interest rate risk exposure.
The analysis below is performed for reasonably possible movements in interest rates with all other variables held constant, showing the
impact on the result before tax and equity of the effects of changes in interest rates.
Impact on Impact on
result members’
before tax balances
2022 £m £m
+ 50 basis points (561) (764)
- 50 basis points 557 760
Impact on Impact on
result members’
before tax balances
2021 £m £m
+ 50 basis points (486) (686)
- 50 basis points 480 680
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 52

Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2022)
4. Risk management continued
Financial risk continued
Equity price risk
Equity price risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market
prices (other than those arising from interest rate risk or currency risk), whether those changes are caused by factors specific to the
individual financial instrument or its issuer, or factors affecting all similar financial instruments traded in the market.
Equity price risk exposure relates to financial assets and financial liabilities whose values will fluctuate as a result of changes in market
prices, principally investment securities.
Such risks are managed by setting and monitoring objectives and constraints on investments, diversification plans and limits on investments
in each sector and market.
In aggregate there is no significant concentration of equity price risk.
The analysis below is performed for reasonably possible movements in market indices on financial instruments with all other variables held
constant, showing the impact on the result before tax due to changes in fair value of financial assets and liabilities (whose fair values are
recorded in the profit and loss account) and members’ balances (that reflects adjustments to the result before tax and changes in fair value
of available for sale financial assets that are equity instruments).
Impact on Impact on
result members’
before tax balances
2022 £m £m
5% increase in equity markets 154 332
5% decrease in equity markets (154) (332)
Impact on Impact on
result members’
before tax balances
2021 £m £m
5% increase in equity markets 112 343
5% decrease in equity markets (112) (343)
Concentration risk
The Society closely monitors concentrations of risk across the market and tests risk exposure against clearly defined risk appetites,
as established by the Council. Specialist supervisory teams across the Society monitor concentrations across the following areas: region
perils, line of business, geographical location, method of distribution in insurance and investment counterparties, among others.
While syndicates define the type of business that they write, at the market level the Society seeks to avoid an inappropriate concentration
of premium sources, monitoring concentration of business in poorly performing lines, material sources of premium by method of placement,
as well as coverholder concentration, which feature in metrics reported quarterly to the Council. Managing agents controlling more than
10% of overall market gross written premium are also subject to Council review. Any reported metrics outside of appetite are reported to,
and discussed by, the Risk Committee and the Council. Specific and targeted actions can then be agreed, which will be discussed with
specific managing agents or the market as a whole, as appropriate. These actions can vary considerably depending on the nature of the
risk or the line of business impacted, with different levels of the requirements placed on syndicates, which forms part of the Society’s
oversight role of the market.
Further analysis of premiums, claims, expenses and underwriting result by line of business is included within note 9, with commentary on
the performance of each line of business included on pages 25 to 30.
Regulatory risk
Regulatory risk is the risk of loss owing to a breach of regulatory requirements or failure to respond to regulatory change. Managing agents
monitor regulatory development to ensure ongoing compliance and any impact on claims reserves. Additionally, given current developments
in the global regulatory landscape, the Society closely monitors changes that may adversely impact the global licence network. The Society
is actively working with the market to assist and adapt to the changes in the UK regulatory architecture and managing agents are now
expected to deliver against the Principles for doing business at Lloyd’s. Similarly, the Society monitors global political trends and is taking
action at both a market and Society level in response to a growing geopolitical risk facing companies operating around the world.
53 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Operational risk
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems, or from external events.
Managing agents manage these risks through internal compliance monitoring and the use of detailed procedure manuals. The Society
applies a principles-based oversight framework to agents and monitors delivery against these.
Group risk
Group risk is the risk of loss resulting from risk events arising within a related entity. While Lloyd’s is not a group, the Society monitors
potential risks that could affect Lloyd’s, for example arising from the activities of a parent company of a syndicate or managing agent.
While, by its nature, group risk is difficult to control, the Society mitigates its potential impact through the implementation of controls,
including the Principles for doing business at Lloyd’s, limiting any material impairment to Lloyd’s brand, reputation or strategic priorities.
5. Prior year reserves
Movements in reserves are based upon estimated cost of claims as at 31 December 2022, taking into account all available information as
at the balance sheet date. These estimates are subject to variability until the date at which the underlying claims are settled. Such changes
in estimates are reflected in the technical account of the year in which they occur. The aggregate of the prior year surpluses/deficiencies
is a net surplus of £1,181m (2021: £552m). Surpluses have been reported across all lines of business except specialty reinsurance and
casualty, reflecting favourable claims development compared with projections.
6. Members’ funds at Lloyd’s
The valuation of members’ FAL in the balance sheet totals £34,139m (2021: £31,272m). The notional investment return on FAL included
in the non-technical profit and loss account totals £(1,338)m (2021: £841m).
The notional investment return on FAL has been calculated by applying quarterly yields from indices, net of management fees, to the
value of FAL at the beginning of each quarter except where the Society is the investment manager for FAL, in which case the actual return
achieved has been included. A significant proportion of FAL investments are US dollar denominated and, for these assets, US dollar yields
from indices are applied.
The following table shows the indices used and the return applied for the full year.
Proportion Investment
of FAL return
2022 2021 2022 2021
Investment type Index % % % %
UK equities FTSE All share 3.4 4.5 (0.0) 16.8
UK government bonds UK Gilts 1-3 years 7.0 6.4 (3.1) (1.1)
UK corporate bonds UK Corporate 1-3 years 2.2 2.7 (3.3) (1.0)
UK deposits managed by Lloyd’s Return achieved 3.8 4.3 0.7 0.1
UK deposits managed externally including letters of credit GBP LIBID 1 month 6.9 6.6 1.1 (0.1)
US equities S&P 500 Index 7.0 10.9 (22.0) 25.5
US government bonds US Treasuries 1-5 years 21.9 17.8 (4.8) (1.2)
US corporate bonds US Corporate 1-5 years 24.3 24.0 (5.5) (0.8)
US deposits managed by Lloyd’s Return achieved 7.8 7.7 0.7 0.1
US deposits managed externally including letters of credit USD LIBID 1 month 15.7 15.1 1.4 (0.2)
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 54

Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2022)
7. Society of Lloyd’s (the Society)
The Society has adopted UK GAAP from 1 January 2022 and the accounting policies adopted by the Society are set out on pages 126
to 132. As stated in note 2(a), syndicates and the Society separately report the transactions and balances for technical insurance related
transactions, members’ subscriptions and other charges, Central Fund contributions and interest on syndicate loans. These balances are
reversed from the Society’s results to arrive at the adjusted result of the Society in note 8 below.
8. Aggregation of results and net assets
A reconciliation between the results, statement of comprehensive income and net assets reported in the syndicate annual accounts,
members’ FAL and by the Society, is set out below:
2022 2021
Profit and loss account £m £m
Result per syndicate annual accounts 469 1,719
Adjusted result of the Society 100 (283)
Notional investment return on members’ funds at Lloyd’s (1,338) 841
Result for the financial year before tax (769) 2,277
2022 2021
Capital and reserves £m £m
Net assets per syndicate annual accounts 3,006 2,250
Adjusted net assets of the Society 2,457 2,235
Members’ funds at Lloyd’s 34,139 31,272
Total capital and reserves 39,602 35,757
Transactions between syndicates and the Society, which have been reported within both the syndicate annual accounts and the Society
financial statements, have been eliminated in the adjusted Society results to arrive at the PFFS disclosures, as set out in note 2(a) and 7.
55 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
9. Segmental analysis
The syndicate returns to the Society provided additional information to derive the following table in respect of the lines of business
reviewed in the financial highlights.
Gross Net Net Net Under-
written earned incurred operating writing
premiums premium claims expenses result
2022 £m £m £m £m £m
Reinsurance 15,365 11,355 (7,221) (3,498) 636
Casualty 12,987 8,568 (4,734) (3,298) 536
Property 12,045 8,028 (4,292) (3,198) 538
Marine, Aviation and Transport 3,851 2,878 (1,527) (1,071) 280
Energy 1,505 981 (542) (342) 97
Motor 895 601 (307) (232) 62
Life 57 47 (32) (16) (1)
Total from syndicate operations 46,705 32,458 (18,655) (11,655) 2,148
Transactions between syndicates and the Society (notes 2 and 7)
and insurance operations of the Society 493 493
PFFS premiums and underwriting result 46,705 32,458 (18,655) (11,162) 2,641
Allocated investment return transferred from the non-technical account (1,448)
Balance on the technical account for general business 1,193
Gross Net Net Net Under-
written earned incurred operating writing
premiums premium claims expenses result
2021 £m £m £m £m £m
Reinsurance 14,337 10,107 (6,649) (2,969) 489
Casualty 10,360 6,408 (3,670) (2,755) (17)
Property 9,587 6,551 (3,442) (2,773) 336
Marine, Aviation and Transport 2,909 2,159 (903) (868) 388
Energy 1,262 835 (468) (296) 71
Motor 713 567 (307) (225) 35
Life 48 30 (1) (16) 13
Total from syndicate operations 39,216 26,657 (15,440) (9,902) 1,315
Transactions between syndicates and the Society (notes 2 and 7)
and insurance operations of the Society 426 426
PFFS premiums and underwriting result 39,216 26,657 (15,440) (9,476) 1,741
Allocated investment return transferred from the non-technical account 48
Balance on the technical account for general business 1,789
The geographical analysis of direct insurance premiums by location where contracts were concluded is as follows:
2022 2021
£m £m
United Kingdom 30,324 24,261
EU member states 4 2
Rest of the World 1,012 616
Total 31,340 24,879
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 56

Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2022)
10. Life business
The PFFS include the results of all life and non-life syndicates transacting business during 2022. The results and net assets for life
syndicates are not material and have not been separately disclosed in the profit and loss account and balance sheet. The results for life
business are reported in the segmental analysis (note 9).
11. Net operating expenses
2022 2021
£m £m
Acquisition costs 10,429 8,724
Change in deferred acquisition costs (485) (377)
Administrative expenses 2,668 2,303
Reinsurance commissions and profit participation (1,450) (1,174)
Total 11,162 9,476
Total commissions on direct insurance business accounted for in the year amounted to £6,924m (2021: £5,650m).
12. Investment return
(Restated)
2022 2021
Interest and similar income £m £m
From financial instruments designated as at fair value through profit or loss 796 603
From available for sale investments 62 30
Dividend income 20 27
Interest on cash at bank 97 26
Other interest and similar income 4 (8)
Notional investment return on members’ funds at Lloyd’s1 (1,338) 841
Investment expenses (61) (53)
Total (420) 1,466
Other income from investments designated as at fair value through profit or loss
Realised losses (415) (102)
Unrealised losses (2,284) (411)
Other relevant losses (9) (5)
Total (2,708) (518)
Total investment return (3,128) 948
1 The notional investment return on members’ funds at Lloyd’s of £(1,338)m (2021: £841m) has been disclosed as a separate line item for the year ended 31 December 2022. This figure
was previously reported as part of income from financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss.
13. Financial investments
(Restated)
2022 2021
£m £m
Shares and other variable yield securities 9,638 9,569
Debt securities and other fixed income securities 61,072 50,929
Participation in investment pools 2,695 3,073
Loans and deposits with credit and other institutions 9,911 9,264
Other investments 267 206
Total financial investments 83,583 73,041
57 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Disclosures of fair values in accordance with the fair value hierarchy
Fair value measurements have been classified using a fair value hierarchy that reflects the significance of the inputs used in making
the measurements.
The fair value hierarchy includes the following classifications:
— Level 1 – Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets. An active market is one in which transactions for the asset
occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide readily and regularly available quoted prices.
— Level 2 – Inputs to a valuation model other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset, either directly (ie.
as prices) or indirectly (derived from prices).
— Level 3 – Inputs to a valuation model for the asset that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs) and are significant
to the overall fair value measurement. Unobservable inputs may have been used to measure fair value to the extent that observable
inputs are not available, thereby allowing for situations in which there is little, if any, market activity for the asset at the measurement date
(or market information for the inputs to any valuation models). As such, unobservable inputs reflect the assumptions it is considered that
market participants would use in pricing the asset.
The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement is categorised in its entirety is determined on the basis of
the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The significance of an input is assessed against the fair value
measurement in its entirety. If a fair value measurement uses observable inputs that require significant adjustment based on unobservable
inputs, that measurement is categorised at Level 3. Assessing the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its
entirety requires judgement, considering factors specific to the asset.
Assets
held at
Sub-total amortised
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 fair value cost Total
2022 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Shares and other variable yield securities 4,493 3,956 1,188 9,637 1 9,638
Debt and other fixed income securities 26,703 34,359 10 61,072 – 61,072
Participation in investment pools 2,053 641 1 2,695 – 2,695
Loans and deposits with credit and other institutions 5,653 3,472 152 9,277 634 9,911
Other investments 16 93 158 267 – 267
Total assets 38,918 45,521 1,509 82,948 635 83,583
Derivative liabilities (16) 13 (1) (4) – (4)
Total liabilities (16) 13 (1) (4) – (4)
Assets
held at
Sub-total amortised
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 fair value cost Total
2021 (Restated) £m £m £m £m £m £m
Shares and other variable yield securities 5,301 3,194 1,073 9,568 1 9,569
Debt and other fixed income securities 18,828 32,090 11 50,929 – 50,929
Participation in investment pools 2,633 439 1 3,073 – 3,073
Loans and deposits with credit and other institutions 5,278 3,080 118 8,476 788 9,264
Other investments 10 22 174 206 – 206
Total assets 32,050 38,825 1,377 72,252 789 73,041
Derivative liabilities (5) 5 (3) (3) – (3)
Total liabilities (5) 5 (3) (3) – (3)
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 58

Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2022)
14. Debtors arising out of direct insurance operations
2022 2021
£m £m
Due within one year 13,981 10,168
Due after one year 181 154
Total 14,162 10,322
15. Debtors arising out of reinsurance operations
2021
2022 (Restated)
£m £m
Due within one year 8,933 8,609
Due after one year 485 360
Total 9,418 8,969
16. Cash at bank and in hand
Cash at bank and in hand of £12,289m (2021: £10,957m) includes letters of credit and bank guarantees held in trust within members’ FAL to
meet policyholder claims as required, totalling £7,661m (2021: £6,792m).
17. Members’ balances
2022 2021
£m £m
Balance at 1 January 2,208 (326)
Result for the year per syndicate annual accounts 469 1,719
Losses collected in relation to distribution on closure of underwriting years 102 1,150
Advance distributions from open underwriting years (53) (11)
Cash calls requested (but not yet paid) 311 970
Net movement on funds in syndicate (see note below) (298) (1,296)
Foreign exchange gains 273 32
Other (51) (30)
Balance at 31 December 2,961 2,208
Members participate on syndicates by reference to years of account. Members’ ultimate results, assets and liabilities are assessed by year
of account, with reference to policies incepting in that year of account. Members’ balances represent the net profit/(loss) to be
distributed/(collected) by syndicates to/(from) the members. Where there are profits and members’ funds at Lloyd’s held in excess of
members’ capital requirements, they will be distributed in the second quarter of 2023.
Members that only participate on one syndicate may hold the capital supporting their underwriting in their syndicate’s premium trust funds.
These funds are known as funds in syndicate (FIS). At 31 December 2022, there was £3,474m (2021: £3,797m) of FIS within members’
balances. Where a member takes advantage of this facility in the year, the movement is reflected in the above table as ‘net movement
on funds in syndicate’.
59 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
18. Technical provisions and deferred acquisition costs
(a) Provision for unearned premiums
Reinsurers’
Gross share Net
2022 £m £m £m
At 1 January 19,074 4,076 14,998
Premiums written in the year 46,705 12,135 34,570
Premiums earned in the year (44,260) (11,802) (32,458)
Foreign exchange movements 1,709 438 1,271
At 31 December 23,228 4,847 18,381
Reinsurers’
Gross share Net
2021 £m £m £m
At 1 January 16,743 3,588 13,155
Premiums written in the year 39,216 10,777 28,439
Premiums earned in the year (36,993) (10,336) (26,657)
Foreign exchange movements 108 47 61
At 31 December 19,074 4,076 14,998
(b) Deferred acquisition costs
2022 2021
£m £m
At 1 January 4,528 4,148
Change in deferred acquisition costs 485 377
Foreign exchange movements 380 31
Other (6) (28)
At 31 December 5,387 4,528
(c) Claims outstanding
Reinsurers’
Gross share Net
2022 £m £m £m
At 1 January 67,800 24,208 43,592
Claims paid during the year (21,405) (7,350) (14,055)
Claims incurred during the year 28,763 10,108 18,655
Foreign exchange movements 5,763 2,211 3,552
Other1 (16) 231 (247)
At 31 December 80,905 29,408 51,497
Reinsurers’
Gross share Net
2021 £m £m £m
At 1 January 64,364 21,485 42,879
Claims paid during the year (19,931) (6,722) (13,209)
Claims incurred during the year 23,145 7,705 15,440
Foreign exchange movements 243 141 102
Other1 (21) 1,599 (1,620)
At 31 December 67,800 24,208 43,592
1 Other movements include loss portfolio transfers which have driven an increase in reinsurers’ share of claims outstanding.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 60

Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2022)
19. Discounted claims
Discounting may be applied to claims provisions where there are individual claims with structured settlements that have annuity-like
characteristics, or for books of business with mean term payment greater than four years. Certain syndicates have elected to discount
their claims provisions.
The claims have been discounted as follows:
Average discounted Average mean term
rates of liabilities
2022 2021 2022 2021
Line of business % % years years
Motor (third-party liability) 2.71 2.17 21.30 26.70
Motor (other lines) 3.00 3.00 4.63 4.57
Third-party liability 3.76 3.03 22.73 23.73
The period that will elapse before claims are settled is determined using impaired life mortality rates.
The claims provisions before discounting are as follows:
Before discounting Effect of discounting Discounted provision
2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021
£m £m £m £m £m £m
Total claims provisions 1,649 1,347 (480) (307) 1,169 1,040
Reinsurers’ share of total claims 857 817 (256) (189) 601 628
20. Creditors arising out of direct insurance operations
2022 2021
£m £m
Due within one year 989 867
Due after one year 27 4
Total 1,016 871
21. Creditors arising out of reinsurance operations
2022 2021
£m £m
Due within one year 9,074 7,591
Due after one year 1,180 524
Total 10,254 8,115
22. Note to the statement of cash flows
Cash and cash equivalents comprise the following:
2021
2022 (Restated)
£m £m
Cash at bank and in hand 12,289 10,957
Short-term deposits with credit institutions 1,788 1,758
Overdrafts (296) (299)
Total 13,781 12,416
Of the cash and cash equivalents, £344m (2021: £368m) is held in regulated bank accounts in overseas jurisdictions.
61 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
23. Five year summary
2021
2022 (Restated) 2020 2019 2018
Results £m £m £m £m £m
Gross written premiums 46,705 39,216 35,466 35,905 35,527
Net written premiums 34,570 28,439 25,826 25,659 25,681
Net earned premiums 32,458 26,657 25,876 25,821 25,178
Result attributable to underwriting 2,641 1,741 (2,676) (538) (1,130)
Result for the year before tax (769) 2,277 (887) 2,532 (1,001)
Assets employed
Cash and investments 95,872 83,998 79,951 73,193 71,240
Net technical provisions 69,878 58,590 56,034 53,201 54,924
Other net assets 13,608 10,349 9,229 9,852 11,112
Capital and reserves 39,602 35,757 33,146 29,844 27,428
Statistics
Combined ratio (%) 91.9 93.5 110.3 102.1 104.5
Return on capital (%) (2.0) 6.6 (2.8) 8.8 (3.7)
24. Related party transactions
The annual accounts of each syndicate provide, where appropriate, the required disclosures on related parties. Syndicate level disclosures
are specific to that syndicate and its managing agent. For 2022, there were no material related party transactions conducted outside
normal market conditions reported in the syndicate annual accounts requiring disclosure. The related party transactions of the Society are
disclosed in note 32 on page 164.
25. Events after the reporting period
Following the recent banking events – including the failure of Silicon Valley Bank, Signature Bank and First Republic, and the sale of Credit
Suisse to UBS – the current conditions of the banking sector and impact on the assets of the market and the Society have been
considered.
At 31 December 2022, the total Lloyd’s market portfolio is not materially exposed to US regional banks and has very limited exposure to
AT1 loans. The exposure to the wider banking sector is diversified and includes globally systemically important banks.
The Central Fund has no exposure to US regional banks and AT1 loans.
Management will continue to monitor the situation.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 62

Contents
Council Statement 65
Corporate Governance 71
Report of the Remuneration Committee 86
Report of the Audit Committee 98
Report of the Lloyd’s Members’ 103
Ombudsman
Report of the Risk Committee 104
Financial Review 107
Statement of the Council’s 113
Responsibilities for the Financial
Statements
Independent Auditors’ Report to the 114
Members of the Society of Lloyd’s
Group Profit and Loss Account and 121
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Group Balance Sheet 122
Group Statement of Changes in Equity 124
Group Statement of Cash Flows 125
Notes to the Financial Statements 126
63 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Society
Report
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 64

Council Statement
Statement by the members of the Lloyd’s actively engages with suppliers and is committed to
Council in relation to paragraph 3.2 of ensuring that there is no modern slavery or human trafficking taking
the Constitutional Arrangements Byelaw, place in our supply chains or in any part of our business. In March
2022, the Council approved Lloyd’s Modern Slavery Statement,
equivalent to s.172(1) of the Companies
please see https://assets.lloyds.com/media/f0e17bb9-92f0-4617-
Act 2006 (the ‘Act’)
956f-3c3735110e68/(9.1)-Modern-Slavery-Act-Statement-
The members of Council are committed to fulfilling their February-2022.pdf. A Code of Conduct is provided to each supplier,
responsibilities under paragraph 3.2 of the Constitutional and we work with our suppliers to uphold high standards of conduct
Arrangements Byelaw, ensuring that they take into account the around safe working conditions, treating workers with dignity and
likely impact of any decision in the long term as well as the interests respect and acting fairly ethically. We have a varied and robust
of our stakeholders. While not subject to the Act, the Council has schedule of activities in place to maintain these high standards,
accordingly elected to include this statement. including desk-top audits of our key suppliers. For further
information on Lloyd’s responsible business approach and
Stakeholders engagement with suppliers, please see
The Council has a duty to act in the interests of the Society’s https://www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/responsible-
members. All decisions have been taken in the clear and certain business/governance/ and https://www.lloyds.com/about-
knowledge that the Council must take material action to ensure lloyds/working-with-lloyds/supplying-lloyds/supplier-information.
the long-term interests of the Society’s members are protected.
Engagement with Regulators
Our governance is therefore designed to ensure that we take into
Lloyd’s is dual regulated and engages with both the PRA and the
account the views of Lloyd’s members and broader stakeholders.
FCA on a frequent basis. This interaction is enhanced due to Lloyd’s
Engagement with members role in overseeing the market, but generally takes one of the
The AGM is an annual opportunity for Council members and following forms:
the Executive to engage with the members of the Society. On
— Regular planned engagement with persons holding Senior
publication the annual report and accounts are made available on
Management Functions (as designated under the Senior
the Lloyd’s website. In addition, forecast information is released
Managers and Certification Regime).
each quarter to assist members’ planning and members’ agents
are invited to attend results presentations where they can ask — Regular planned engagement with wider senior management
questions on behalf of their constituent members. in relation to strategy.
— Regular planned engagement with Lloyd’s Regulatory
The Council has a duty to recognise the need to act fairly between
Engagement team.
different members and categories or classes of members who may
have different interests. The composition of the Council includes — Project or programme driven interaction, instigated either
six elected market representatives, the presence of which enables by Lloyd’s or by the FCA/PRA.
the independent nominated members of the Council to gain an — Ad-hoc interaction in response to issues.
understanding of the views of key stakeholders in the Lloyd’s
The Council is kept informed of key regulatory matters through
market and ensures the representation of market views in
reports from the Chief Risk Officer at Risk Committee and Council
key decisions.
meetings. Core monitoring tools such as the FCA’s Firm Evaluation
Engagement with other stakeholders Letter (FEL) and the PRA’s annual Periodic Summary Meeting
In addition to members, the Society’s key stakeholders include Review Letter (PSM), along with associated action plans, are
Lloyd’s customers, managing agents, distributors, industry and reviewed by the Council. The FCA and PRA attend Council
market associations, global governments and regulators, investors, meetings, as appropriate, including to present the FEL and PSM.
rating agencies, our people, our suppliers, and the communities in
Engagement with employees
which we operate.
The Society has a formal workforce advisory panel. Until March
Engagement with our stakeholders is undertaken in a variety of 2022, this was achieved through the Employee Engagement Group
ways, ranging from discussion panels, surveys, conferences and (EEG), comprising of an executive sponsor and representatives from
consultations. The Society consults throughout the year with the Society’s workforce. With effect from April 2022, the Employee
members and market participants on strategic initiatives, which in Change Forum (ECF) was launched with supporting Terms of
2022 included the Future at Lloyd’s transformation strategy (see Reference. Representatives are elected for each division within
below). For a note of the key decisions taken following stakeholder Lloyd’s with the Executive from that division chairing ECF meetings
engagement and feedback please refer to the table set out on for their division. Each ECF division elects a representative who
pages 69 to 70. attends Corporation-wide ECF meetings chaired by the Chief
Executive Officer (CEO). The divisional ECF meetings take place a
The Chairman undertakes a variety of external engagements with minimum of six times each year, with Corporation ECF meetings
a wide range of stakeholders, including meetings with UK and taking place at least once a quarter. The CEO reports to the Council
international regulators and government officials, senior market in his CEO Report as appropriate so that Council can continue to
executives, the Lloyd’s Market Association (LMA)1, members’ ensure effective workforce engagement.
agents, attending events and speaking at conferences. The
In 2022, ECF feedback resulted in improvements to the new
Chairman’s engagement schedule is shared with the Council bi-
working environment in addition to improvements in technology
annually. The Chairman maintains an ongoing dialogue with all non-
and connectivity.
executive members of Council including holding private sessions
at the end of Council meetings, without the executive present.
1. The LMA represents the interests of managing agents.
6655 LLllooyydd’’ss AAnnnnuuaall RReeppoorrtt 22002222

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Lloyd’s strategic priorities – delivering long-term 2. Digitalisation
value for our stakeholders Through Blueprint Two, we are building digital solutions for the
market, making it better, faster and cheaper for all participants to
The products and services available from the Lloyd’s market
do business. In 2022, the focus was on the technology build and
support the world’s economic growth, and help nations,
ensuring market participants have the information needed to be
individuals, businesses and communities improve their resilience to
ready for these solutions as they become available.
disasters, and recover faster following a loss. Lloyd’s purpose and
strategy therefore helps customers protect themselves from the During 2022, Lloyd’s worked with market associations and market
emerging risks facing the world, including technological and participants through an agreed engagement structure designed to
environmental changes. deliver participation and insight at senior and practitioner level
across the market.
Throughout 2022, the Council continued to focus on the four
strategic priorities that will have the most beneficial and long-term Having published a roadmap for our transformation journey in
impact on Lloyd’s stakeholders. These were: January 2022 (the second edition of the Blueprint Two Interactive
1. Performance: maintaining our focus on delivering sustainable Guide) stakeholder engagement milestones during 2022 included:
profitable underwriting performance and improving efficiency in
— Consultation on the extended version of the Core Data Record
the way we deliver market oversight.
(CDR) to all risk classes and territories (with the London Market
2. Digitalisation: continuing to deliver our strategy to digitalise the
Group’s Data Council approving the CDR in March).
Lloyd’s market through the execution of the Future at Lloyd’s
transformation. — The London Market Group Data Council’s consultation on the
3. Purpose: heightening our focus on sustainability, climate and proposed changes to the Market Reform Contract (MRC). MRC
inclusion. review group reviewed the feedback, and the new template was
4. Culture: progressing our cultural priorities for both the market updated accordingly, with the release due to take place at the
and the Society. end of Q1 2023.
Each of the above priorities were drawn out in the Executive’s
— In September 2022, following a successful pilot, the Faster
Claims Payments (FCP) solution was delivered to the market.
reports to the Council at each meeting in 2022.
Managing agents are now able to sign individual agreements with
1. Performance London Insurance Market Operations and Strategic Sourcing
The Society is committed to delivering sustainable performance and (LIMOSS) to transfer binding authority contracts to the Vitesse
profitable growth. The Society aims to achieve the highest platform, enabling faster claims payments to policyholders.
standards to protect customers and the market’s reputation by Market forums, guidance and training were provided and held
continuing to undertake strong performance management. with managing agents, delegated claims administrators and
brokers, as well as virtual and face-to-face drop-in sessions. FCP
The Chief of Markets reported to the Council at each of its
has already been used to pay claims resulting from Hurricane Ian.
meetings in 2022. In addition, the Chief of Markets presented
For further information, please see
quarterly ‘market messages’ to market stakeholders, which included
https://www.lloyds.com/conducting-business/delegated-
the objectives for syndicate business plans and market oversight
authorities/systems-and-tools/faster-claims-payment.
information. The hard work over the past four years to encourage
high performance and underwriting discipline continues to bear — In October 2022, the integration of the Delegated Contract and
fruit with Lloyd’s full year results signalling that continued Oversight Manager (DCOM) and Delegated Data Manager (DDM)
sustainable performance. was completed and is now being used by market participants.
DCOM is now a usable solution for delegated authority business,
The new principles-based oversight framework for doing business
and we have completed the delivery of user enhancements. The
at Lloyd’s was implemented through 2022 with managing agents
platform now has the functionality to process continuous
and syndicates being categorised under the new principles.
contracts (with the idea having been piloted in the market first),
Continuous engagement was undertaken to assist the
providing more flexibility for market participants and
implementation of the new principles, including engagement with
coverholders;
the LMA, market briefings, individual sessions with managing
agents, training programmes, drop-in sessions and question and — In December 2022, an interactive event was co-hosted by Lloyd’s
answer documentation. and DXC Technology, informing employees and market
participants of the progress made against the Blueprint Two
The assessment and categorisation of managing agents under the roadmap (launched in January 2022) and to support market
new principles for doing business at Lloyd’s has enabled Lloyd’s to participants’ understanding of the digital changes taking place.
identify which managing agents are meeting expected maturity A further market event was held in February 2023;.
ratings. This in turn enabled Lloyd’s to progress its Delegated
— The Technology & Transformation Advisory Panel (TTA) met
Authority Strategy (to be the market of choice for sustainable,
throughout 2022, with the Lloyd’s CEO as Chair. The TTA
profitable, delegated authority business partnerships, making
comprises senior market practitioners and representatives of
Lloyd’s an attractive place for new and innovative business
market associations. The Council received updates on Blueprint
opportunities) by simplifying the third-party delegated authority
Two delivery at each of its meetings in 2022. The Chairman of the
oversight requirements for those agents who meet the maturity
LMA is also an elected member of Council.
ratings. The changes to third-party oversight requirements were
made effective from 1 November 2022. For further information The Blueprint Two hub (https://www.blueprint-2.com/) provides
please see https://www.lloyds.com/conducting- more detail on the digital technologies and solutions, and market
business/delegated-authorities/third-party-oversight. engagement, with newsletters released monthly.
For further information, please refer to the Our Strategy section For further information, please refer to the Our Strategy section
within the Strategic Report, under the Performance heading within the Strategic Report, under the Digitalisation heading
(starting on page 13). (starting on page 13).
LLllooyydd’’ss AAnnnnuuaall RReeppoorrtt 22002222 6666

Council Statement
continued
3. Purpose In July and October 2022, Futureset released two flagship reports
Lloyd’s purpose of sharing risk for a braver world sits at the heart on the impact of the conflict in Ukraine across the climate change
of our ambition to build a more sustainable, resilient and inclusive and the energy transition, supply chains, food security and cyber
market, and society. Against a backdrop of continued economic and risk. Both reports provided analysis, insights and practical solutions
societal uncertainty and volatility, during 2022 Lloyd’s delivered to advance customers’ risk protection against these potential
a number of initiatives to advance our environmental, social and threats. Please see (https://www.lloyds.com/news-and-
governance (ESG) commitments and goals. insights/futureset).
Following the appointment of Lloyd’s first Sustainability Director To support global food security, Lloyd’s was proud to launch a
in September 2021, the past year has seen the Corporation and landmark facility to insure crucial shipments of grain out of Ukraine.
market make steady progress to deliver against four key priorities: More than 100 ships, carrying more than 2.3 million tonnes of grain,
have now left Ukraine, saving many people from certain food
— Embedding sustainability across the Corporation and market
shortages, and getting the World Food Program moving once again.
— Improving society’s resilience to risk For further information please see https://www.lloyds.com/about-
— Convening to drive action lloyds/our-purpose/stories/resilience/ukraine-grain.
— Creating a more inclusive market (see Culture for more detail) In August 2022, the Lloyd’s of London Foundation (the Foundation)
was launched to further the impact of charitable programmes
A summary of some of these initiatives is provided below, with the
supported by Lloyd’s. Victoria Carter (Deputy Chair of Lloyd’s and
full 2022 Sustainability Report to be published in Q2 2023.
Council member) is the Chair of the Foundation. The creation of the
Lloyd’s continued to convene His Majesty The King’s Sustainable Foundation ensures that Lloyd’s charitable funding supports people
Markets Initiative (SMI) Insurance Task Force, which brings and communities for the greatest impact. The Foundation focuses
together CEOs from a number of the largest insurance brokers and on projects supporting employability, social mobility, mental health,
carriers to drive tangible progress to help accelerate the transition climate and disaster avoidance and relief.
to a sustainable future. During 2022, this included:
Lloyd’s also held a cyber summit using its convening powers to
— Developing a strategic framework for carbon measurement to gather a number of stakeholders across the cyber insurance,
support a consistent approach to tracking the industry’s policy-making and academia to present and discuss the current
contribution to decarbonisation and transition. and future cyber risks. Attendees included: government and
— Launching a pledge and best practice guidance to drive greater industry experts, security agencies, the LMA, Council members,
sustainability across insurance industry supply chains (please see customers, market participants and suppliers. For further
https://www.sustainable-markets.org/taskforces/insurance- information, please see https://www.lloyds.com/news-and-
taskforce/). insights/mind-of-the-market/article-09-nov-2022-a-clear-and-
present-danger.
— Supporting the Energy Transition Task Force’s development of a
framework to help stakeholders identify, assess, rank and track The Environmental, Social & Governance Committee (ESG) of the
companies driving transition progress (please see Council of Lloyd’s, chaired by Lord Mark Sedwill and comprising
https://www.sustainable-markets.org/taskforces/energy- independent subject matter experts, members of the Council and
transition-taskforce/). the Lloyd’s Executive, met during the year and reported on its
— Convening energy, climate technology and financial services activities to the Council.
executives at COP27 in Sharm el Sheikh, Egypt, to determine For further information, please refer to the ESG paragraph within
near-term actions needed to accelerate the transition of
the Corporate Governance Report (starting on page 71) and the Our
energy systems. Strategy section within the Strategic Report, under the Purpose
The Corporation continued to embed sustainability across the heading (starting on page 14).
market during the past year, including completing a feasibility For further information on Lloyd’s sustainability progress, please
study with market participants to inform our carbon measurement refer to the Sustainability section within the Strategic Report
strategy, together with requiring managing agents to submit their (starting on page 17).
own ESG strategy to the Society for the first time, as part of the
2023 syndicate business planning process. The requirement was to
evidence a credible pathway to net zero investments, underwriting
and operations by 2050, supporting the ambition set for the
Lloyd’s market.
67 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
4. Culture
Lloyd’s has a continuous focus on culture and is committed to
creating a diverse, inclusive and high-performance culture across
the Corporation and market to attract, retain and develop the best
talent.
Lloyd’s employees are guided by three values: (i) We are brave; (ii)
We are stronger together; and (iii) We do the right thing (the
Values). The Values reflect how the Corporation needs to work to
deliver the four strategic pillars, while also making the Corporation a
great place to work. The Values have been embedded through
being incorporated into annual and mid-year performance reviews,
meaning an individual’s performance is measured on both what is
delivered (the output), and how it is delivered (the behaviours
demonstrated). In addition, 2022 saw the launch of a Values
recognition scheme for employees to further embed the Values by
showcasing values-driven behaviours. For further information,
please see https://www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/culture/lloyds-
corporation/values/.
During 2022, Lloyd’s published an updated Culture Dashboard,
tracking the progress made against all areas of the Lloyd’s market
culture survey and Markets Policies & Practices return. For further
information, please see https://www.lloyds.com/about-
lloyds/future-culture-at-lloyds/culture-dashboard/2022-dashboard.
Dominic Christian (Aon Global Executive, and also Lloyd’s Council
member and Deputy Chair until 31 January 2023) is the Chair of
Inclusion@Lloyd’s. In September, the Dive In Festival (an initiative of
Inclusion@Lloyd’s) was held with the theme of Braver Cultures.
Over 25,000 attendees attended more than 150 events across
three days from 27 insurance partners and 40 countries. For further
information, please https://www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/diversity-
and-inclusion/inclusion-at-lloyds/dive-in/.
The Council received updates on Culture initiatives during 2022
from the Chair of the ESG Committee and the CEO.
For further details please refer to the Our Strategy section within
the Strategic Report, under the Culture heading (starting on page
15), and the Nominations & Governance and ESG paragraphs within
the Corporate Governance Report (starting on page 71), which
includes information on our progress against targets set for the
Corporation and market.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 68

Council Statement
continued
Council decisions and their impact on stakeholders
We place great importance on considering the needs of all our stakeholders in our decision making. The following table sets out examples
of decisions taken by the Council during 2022 and how the views of our stakeholders were considered.
Decision How we took stakeholders into account Long-term implications
The Future In March 2022, a new operational structure was implemented to enhance The Blueprint Two
at Lloyd’s – stakeholder engagement and further assist the adoption phase of Blueprint Two. solutions will offer market
operational participants the
Council took the decision to dissolve the Technology Transformation Committee
structure opportunity to innovate in
(TTC) and establish the Technology and Transformation Advisory Panel (TTA),
the way they serve their
which is comprised of senior market practitioners drawn from both the
customers, and operate
underwriting and broking communities, to enable the sharing of market insights and
more efficiently, at a lower
assessment of developments in the delivery of the programme and London Market
cost base – better, faster
Joint Venture. A new Joint Delivery Advisory Committee (JDAC) was also created
and cheaper.
to ensure a joined-up approach to communications, delivery and adoption
strategies for the market. The JDAC is chaired by Lloyd’s Chief Operations Officer,
and its members include the Joint Venture Chair plus representatives of the LMA,
PPL, IUA, LIIBA.
The Future at Lloyd’s programme is led by the Lloyd’s programme team in
conjunction with the London Market Joint Venture working in conjunction with
stakeholders with the Council overseeing the delivery, supported by the TTA.
Activities in 2022 included working in conjunction with the London Market Group’s
Data Council and the LMA to agree the build and framework of the Digital Gateway
and working with the LMA to amend the common data store for delegated
authority business (DDM) in response to feedback.
Embedding The CEO and Chief of Markets provided regular updates to the Council throughout 2022 Lloyd’s Oversight
Lloyd’s Oversight on the implementation of the new Oversight Framework, including the categorisation of Framework creates an
Framework syndicates and managing agents under the new principles for doing business at Lloyd’s. efficient and joined-up
approach to provide the
The design and implementation of the new Oversight Framework involved continuous
conditions for the best
engagement with market stakeholders and regulators. During 2022, an implementation
business to thrive and
plan with guidance and training sessions to ease the transition was developed having
drive decisive
taken into account feedback received.
interventions for
The categorisation of syndicates and managing agents based on an assessment against underperforming
the principles was communicated to each individual business ahead of 2023 business businesses.
and capital planning and was then incorporated into the annual capital and planning
process.
Commercial In July 2022, the Council held its annual strategy day, which considered five Lloyd’s strategic initiatives
market strategic strategic areas of focus for the medium term. The needs of stakeholders were will aim to realise
priorities central to the Council’s considerations and to the shaping of the decided strategies aspirations of the market.
which focus on enhancing and tailoring Lloyd’s unique advantages to better serve
those stakeholders.
ESG strategy The ESG Committee oversaw a feasibility study on underwriting emissions with six This engagement has
managing agents in 2022 to understand in detail policy-level data availability and enabled the Society to
test the credibility of the measurement approach developed. This exercise has evolve its approach to the
informed and evolved Lloyd’s approach to carbon measurement and reporting. This carbon measurement
has enabled the Society to ensure that the measurement approach and process is across the Lloyd’s market,
adjusted to take into consideration the specific data challenges relevant to taking into consideration
syndicates and determine a pragmatic solution that will provide a transparent and specific data challenges
robust carbon measurement that allows us to track our progress at an aggregate that need to be factored
level. into the process to be
implemented across the
Alongside the feasibility study, the Society also sought feedback from several
market. This has helped
additional managing agents to provide supplementary views on challenges and
the Society map out a
considerations to the carbon measurement process and approach being
multi-year pathway to
developed.
carbon measurement that
Through the LMA Climate Risk Working Group, the Society also sought feedback is pragmatic and that
on the SMI Insurance Task Force strategic framework for climate transition provides the market with
measurement, alongside wide consultation with SMI ITF members. the appropriate tools and
guidance to implement the
process.
69 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Decision How we took stakeholders into account Long-term implications
Investment In March 2022, Lloyd’s announced its partnership with Schroders The funds on the Platform will give
Platform Solutions, as Investment Consultant, on the new Lloyd’s investment access to investment opportunities,
platform (the Platform). The inaugural Lloyd’s Private Impact Fund create efficiencies and allow market
was established in December 2022, with investment beginning in investors to benefit from their
Q1 2023. The Platform will consist of a series of funds across asset collective economies of scale. Criteria
classes, made available to Lloyd’s market investors who can freely on objectives such as carbon
invest in and allocate between them. The Platform will be multi- emissions and sustainable governance
manager and funds are being deployed in consultation with market are embedded in the platform funds,
participants to meet demand. The Platform will be operated by allowing investors to fulfil their ESG
Waystone, as Platform Operator. objectives while supporting Lloyd’s
wider efforts to support the transition
The Platform was approved by the Investment Committee, with
to a low carbon economy.
updates provided to the Council, as appropriate. A full request for
proposal (RFP) process was undertaken to select the Investment
Consultant and Platform Operator, as part of which process market
stakeholder views were considered. Engagement with Lloyd’s
regulators has continued throughout the development of the Platform
and its operating model.
Lloyd’s of London In November 2021, the Council approved the proposal to create the The Foundation partners with charities
Foundation Lloyd's of London Foundation (the Foundation) and work to to build more resilient, sustainable and
(launched August implement that proposal continued throughout 2022, including inclusive communities, empowering
2022) further engagement with stakeholders and the ESG Committee of the these communities through tangible
Council. action and long-term partnerships. For
further information, please see
In August 2022, the Charity Commission approved the change of
https://www.lloyds.com/foundation
Lloyd’s Charities Trust to the Lloyd’s of London Foundation, officially
which includes a collection of stories
marking the formation of the Foundation.
and videos highlighting the important
Key stakeholders, including existing trustees of all the Lloyd’s work of the Foundation.
charities (www.lloyds.com/communities), and an employee working
group were engaged and consulted with to develop the operating
model and areas of focus for the Foundation. Feedback gathered
through this process highlighted that stakeholders wanted to
increase awareness of employee engagement in and reporting on the
impact of Lloyd’s charitable initiatives.
In November 2022, the Foundation invited grant applications, with a
shortlist of candidates put to a vote of Corporation employees in
early 2023, to select the Foundation’s charity partners for 2023.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 70

Corporate Governance
Organisational Chart1
The Council of Lloyd’s
Audit Risk Remuneration Nominations &
Committee Committee Committee Governance
Committee
Committees
of the
Council
Investment ESG Technology & Underwriting
Committee Committee Transformation Advisory Panel
Advisory Panel
Special & Market Capacity Lloyd’s Lloyd’s
Charitable Supervision & Transfer Enforcement of London
Committees Review Committee Panel Board Foundation
1. Organisational chart as of 23 March 2023
The Society’s governance structure provides challenge, clarity and accountability
Please see Committee Structure above.
Council and committee attendance in 2022
Regular annual meetings are scheduled at appropriate intervals in line with an agreed meeting schedule, with the Council ordinarily holding
eight scheduled meetings a year. Additional unscheduled meetings are arranged as required, and in exceptional circumstances the timing
of scheduled meetings may need to be adjusted, and while every effort is made to arrange that all members are able to attend that is not
always possible at short notice. Outside of the formal Council and committee meetings, non-executives have unfettered access to the
executive, regularly liaise with management on activities aligned to their key skills and attend appropriate management strategy and
training events. All members of Council also attended an annual strategy day. Attendance at scheduled Council and committee meetings is
set out below. Where a member has been appointed or retired during the year, meeting attendance is shown against the number of
possible scheduled meetings they could have attended rather than the annual number of scheduled meetings.
The Council
Scheduled meetings attended
Chair Bruce Carnegie-Brown 8/8
Nominated Members1 Angela Crawford-Ingle 8/8
Fiona Luck 7/8
Neil Maidment2 7/8
Lord Mark Sedwill 8/8
John Sununu 8/8
External Members Jeffery Barratt 8/8
Karen Green 8/8
Dominick Hoare3 7/7
Michael Watson3 1/1
Working Members Andrew Brooks 7/8
Victoria Carter 8/8
Dominic Christian4 8/8
Executive Directors of the Council Burkhard Keese 8/8
John Neal 8/8
Patrick Tiernan 8/8
1. For the purposes of the UK Corporate Governance Code the nominated members listed above are considered to be independent.
2. Neil Maidment recuses himself from discussions relating to Beazley, a Lloyd’s managing agent, to manage the risk of a conflict of interest arising owing to his deferred bonuses and
shareholding following his retirement from that firm in 2018.
3. Michael Watson ceased as a member of the Council, with effect from 31 January 2022, due to the completion of his nine year term on the Council. Munich Re Capital Limited,
represented by Mr Dominick Hoare, was elected as a member of the Council, with effect from 1 February 2022.
4. Dominic Christian ceased as a member of the Council, with effect from 31 January 2023, due to the completion of his nine year term on the Council. Richard Dudley was elected as a
member of the Council, with effect from 1 February 2023.
71 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Corporate Governance
continued
The Council is the governing body of the Society of Lloyd’s (the Constitutional Requirements
Society) and has ultimate responsibility for overall management
The Constitutional Requirements, as set out in the Constitutional
of the market. The Society is regulated by the PRA and FCA, which
Arrangements Byelaw (No. 2 of 2010), align, so far as appropriate,
have direct supervision of managing agents and monitor capital,
the Society’s governance arrangements with the Companies Act
solvency and conduct. The Society is active in managing risk within
2006. They include provisions concerning the duties and
the market to ensure that Lloyd’s central assets, brand, licences
responsibilities of Council members.
and reputation remain protected.
In summary, members of the Council and their committees are
The day to day powers and functions of the Council are carried out
required to act in a way which ‘would be most likely to promote the
by the Society’s Executive Committee – the Chief Executive Officer,
success of the Society for the benefit of the members as a whole
Chief Financial Officer, Deputy Chief Financial Officer, Chief of
and in accordance with the Objects of the Society’ and must have
Markets, Chief Risk Officer, Chief People Officer, General Counsel
regard to:
and Company Secretary, Chief Operations Officer and Chief
Marketing and Communications Officer. — the likely consequences of any decision in the long term; and
A list of the members of the Council can be found at: — the needs of the Society:
www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance-and- — to foster business relations with those who do business at
management/council-of-lloyds. Details of the Executive Committee Lloyd’s;
can be found at: www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance-and-
— to have regard to the interests of its employees;
management/executive-committee.
— to consider the impact of its operations on the community and
the environment; and
Governing body: the Council
— to maintain a reputation for high standards of business
Under the Lloyd’s Act 1982, the Council undertakes the conduct.
management and superintendence of the affairs of the Society and
has the power to regulate and direct the business of insurance at The Constitutional Requirements also deal with conflicts of interest
Lloyd’s. Certain functions are reserved to the Council, including: and set out the duties of Council members that include a
responsibility to exercise independent judgement and maintain
— setting Lloyd’s strategy; collective responsibility.
— the making, amendment or revocation of byelaws (which are
Council Membership
available at www.lloyds.com/conducting-business/market-
The composition of the Council is prescribed by the Lloyd’s Act
oversight/acts-and-byelaws/lloyds-byelaws);
1982 and the Constitutional Arrangements Byelaw. The Council
— setting the Corporation budget;
comprises a maximum of 15 members, split between three working,
— the setting of Central Fund contribution rates; three external, six independent nominated members and three
— appointing the Chairman and Deputy Chairs of Lloyd’s; executive nominated members (the CEO, CFO and Chief of
Markets, together ‘the Executive Directors of the Council’).
— approving Lloyd’s risk appetites;
Accordingly, and in line with best practice, the Council’s
— permitting a company to act as a managing agent; and composition ensures that no one individual or a small group
— setting Society level capital requirements. of individuals dominate the Council’s decision making. The
biographical details of the current members of the Council can
Beyond the reserved functions, the Council can delegate its powers
be found at www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance-and-
or functions to any person, committee or employee of the Society.
management/council-of-lloyds.
The Council has responsibility for the day to day management of
The composition and appointment/election processes for
the market. The Council has delegated authority to carry out
Council members are prescribed by the Lloyd’s Act 1982 and
specified functions to committees including the Remuneration,
the Constitutional Arrangements Byelaw. Nominated members
Nominations & Governance, Risk and Audit Committees and the
are appointed by the Council, on the recommendation of the
Executives, as summarised below.
Nominations & Governance Committee, by a ‘Special Resolution’
which requires separate majorities of (a) the working members of
Council, and (b) the other members of Council combined. Working
and external members are elected by the working and external
members of Lloyd’s. In elections for working members voting
operates on a one member, one vote basis. In the elections for
external members, voting is weighted by allocated underwriting
capacity as determined under the Constitutional Arrangements
Byelaw (No. 2 of 2010).
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 72

Corporate Governance
continued
Constitutional Requirements continued Council meetings
The Council met on eight occasions in 2022. The meetings of the
Council Membership continued
Council are structured to allow open discussion. At each meeting
Members are usually appointed or elected for a three-year term,
the Council receives certain regular reports – for example, a written
renewable up to a maximum of nine years in total. Members are
report from the Chief Executive Officer and updates from Council
not therefore subject to annual re-election and this is a departure
committees. The Chief Financial Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Chief
from Provision 18 of the UK Corporate Governance Code 2018
of Markets and General Counsel and Company Secretary also
(the ‘Code’). This deviation from the Code is considered appropriate
produce reports for the Council. Members of the Executive
in the context of appointment and election procedures that enable
Committee attend Council meetings, as appropriate. Private
representation of the members of the Society and the market for
sessions are held regularly by the Chairman at the end of
all key appointments – with direct election of the three working and
Council meetings without the Executive being present.
three external members, and oversight of the selection process for
nominated members by a Nominations & Governance Committee, Key Council decisions
which comprises an equal number of elected market Please refer to the Council Statement at page 65.
representatives and independent non-executives.
The majority of the Council is non-executive but, as the elected
market members are not considered to be independent, the
composition of the Council deviates from Provision 11 of the Code,
in that independent members do not form a majority. This departure
from the Code is appropriate, as the composition of the Council
is tailored to the Society and the Lloyd’s market and meets the
requirements of the Lloyd’s Act 1982 (which do not apply to other
companies). The presence of elected market members on the
Council enables the independent nominated members to gain an
understanding of the views of key stakeholders in the Lloyd’s market.
It is acknowledged that the presence of market members on the
Council elevates the risk of conflicts of interest arising. This risk is
actively managed via the Council’s conflict of interest procedures,
which are outlined at the Conflicts of Interest paragraph on page 81.
Chairman and Deputy Chairs
In accordance with the Lloyd’s Act 1982, the Chairman and Deputy
Chairs of Lloyd’s are elected annually by Special Resolution of the
Council from among its members. If the Chairman is not a working
member of the Society, then at least one of the Deputy Chairs must
be. At the date of this report there are three Deputy Chairs, Lord
Mark Sedwill (nominated member), Victoria Carter (working
member) and Andrew Brooks (working member).
The Chairman leads the Council, and his principal responsibility
is to create the conditions to ensure the overall effectiveness of
the Council.
The Chairman is contracted to work three days a week but commits
as much time as is necessary to undertake the role. The Council
acknowledges that the Chairman has other commitments outside
Lloyd’s and is satisfied that these can be accommodated with
the Chair position of Lloyd’s. For the purposes of the Code, the
Chairman was considered to be independent upon his appointment.
Lord Mark Sedwill, (a nominated member), was appointed Senior
Independent Deputy Chairman (the Society’s equivalent of the
senior independent director), with effect from 3 December 2021.
The Chairman’s role and responsibilities are defined by the Lloyd’s
Act 1982, the Constitutional Arrangements Byelaw and the terms of
reference for the Chairman and Deputy Chairs, all of which are
published on www.lloyds.com.
73 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Committees of the Council
Nominations & Governance Committee
Scheduled meetings attended
Chair Bruce Carnegie-Brown 3/3
Council Members Jeffery Barratt 3/3
Victoria Carter 3/3
Dominic Christian1 3/3
Fiona Luck 3/3
Lord Mark Sedwill 3/3
Notes:
1. Dominic Christian ceased as a member of the Nominations & Governance Committee with effect from 31 January 2023. Andrew Brooks was appointed as a member of the
Nominations & Governance Committee with effect from 9 February 2023.
The Nominations & Governance Committee is responsible for keeping under review the governance arrangements and leadership needs
of the Society and its subsidiaries. Its functions include making recommendations to the Council on the appointment of the Chairman, Chief
Executive Officer, new nominated Council members, key members of the Executive, members of Council committees and the Secretary
to the Council. The Committee is also responsible for succession planning arrangements for these positions.
The Committee seeks to ensure that the members of the Council and its committees have an appropriate combination of skills, knowledge,
experience and diversity, and have sufficient time to fulfil their Lloyd’s roles. For further information on the members of Council, please see
www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance-and-management/council-of-lloyds.
The Committee is chaired by the Chairman of Lloyd’s and its remaining members are drawn from the Council. Executive Directors are not
eligible to become members of the Committee. Three of the Committee’s six members are elected representatives of the Lloyd’s market.
Accordingly, the Committee’s composition does not comply with Provision 17 of the UK Corporate Governance Code in that independent
nominated members do not form a majority. The composition of the Committee is, however, considered appropriate as it ensures
appropriate representation of members and the market in relation to key appointments.
This section summarises the Nominations & Governance Committee’s activities in 2022.
1.Composition of the Council and its committees
Appointments — Recommended to Council the reappointment of Bruce Carnegie-Brown for a third term as Chairman of Lloyd’s,
and renewals effective June 2022, running to June 2025.
— Undertook a search for a new nominated member of Council who would be able to add to the risk management and
technology transformation capabilities on the Council. As a result of that search process, on the recommendation of
the Committee, Joe Hurd was appointed as a nominated member of Council with effect from May 2023, when he will
succeed John Sununu, who will be stepping away from Council to focus on a new role as Non-Executive Chair, Lloyd’s
Americas. In this search the Committee was supported by Sapphire Partners, a search agency which has no
connection to the Society or to members of the Council.
— Submitted proposals to the Council to make changes to certain committees’ composition in order to strengthen their
performance and support the Council in their areas of authority, and to renew the appointment of Simon Cooper as
Lloyd’s Members’ Ombudsman for a second term of three years. The Committee’s recommendations were all
unanimously supported and approved by the Council.
Succession — Effective succession plans are in place for key executive and non-executive positions and are reviewed at least
planning for annually by the Committee. This includes both emergency and medium-term succession plans for the Chairman and
the Council the CEO. The emergency succession plan for the CEO was activated successfully when John Neal was involved in a
and senior collision with a car while riding his bike. During John’s recovery, Lloyd’s was led by the CFO and Chief of Markets, with
management support from the wider Executive Committee and oversight from the Chairman who assumed the CEO’s regulatory
responsibilities for this period.
— In 2022, the Committee reviewed the succession plans to ensure the orderly succession of senior individuals through
a transparent and rigorous process that promotes diversity in its broadest sense.
— The Committee carried out an evaluation of the skills, knowledge, experience and diversity on the Council and its
committees and identified, using a skills matrix, desired areas of expertise and recruitment.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 74

Corporate Governance
continued
Committees of the Council continued
Nominations & Governance Committee continued
1. Composition of the Council and its committees
Diversity & Inclusion — In alignment with the Society’s continued strategic focus on building a more inclusive culture for the Society
policies and the market, the Council Diversity Policy (https://www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/the-
corporation/governance-structure/council-of-lloyds) places great emphasis on ensuring that the Committee
considers candidates from a wide range of backgrounds on merit and against objective criteria, and a target
has been set that by the end of 2023 a minimum of 33% of the Council should be female and/or from an ethnic
minority background. As at year end 2022, four of the 15 members of Council (27%) are female. On the
appointment of Joe Hurd to the Council as of May 2023, one member of Council (7%) will be from an ethnic
minority background.
— In 2022, on the recommendation of the Committee, the Council approved an update to the Council Diversity
Policy to expressly require the Committee, when considering the performance of the Council and when making
new appointments, to consider socioeconomic backgrounds as a factor of diversity.
— In July 2020, targets were set for the Lloyd’s market of 35% female representation in leadership posts across
the market by 31 December 2023 (Board, Executive Committee, Executive Committee direct reports); at least
20% female representation on Boards and Executive Committees combined by 31 December 2023; and a
commitment to achieve parity by 2030.
2. Corporate governance
Potential conflicts of — The Society has a conflicts of interest procedure in place under paragraph 3.5 of the Constitutional
interest and other Arrangements Byelaw (https://assets.lloyds.com/assets/pdf-constitutional-arrangements-byelaw/1/pdf-
professional constitutional-arrangements-byelaw.pdf).
activities
— In 2022, the Committee examined changes to the other professional activities for the Chairman, members of
Council and the Executive Committee and the related time commitment; and concluded these commitments did
not interfere with their commitment to the Council and did not put them in any conflict of interest.
Internal governance — The Committee reports to the Council on its proceedings after each meeting, and on all matters relating to the
oversight exercise of its duties and powers. A written report is also submitted to the Council annually.
— In 2022, the Committee reviewed and recommended to Council for approval a new principles-based
governance framework for the Society and its subsidiaries (UK and international).
Annual governance — The Committee reviewed the findings of the annual Corporate Governance Report and agreed the actions to
effectiveness review be taken forward by the Chairman and Company Secretary and agreed the approach to be taken for the
following year’s review.
Remuneration Committee
Scheduled meetings attended*
Chair Fiona Luck 4/4
Council Members Bruce Carnegie-Brown 4/4
Dominic Christian1 4/4
Karen Green 4/4
John Sununu 4/4
Michael Watson2 1/1
Notes:
* In addition to the scheduled meetings identified above, four ad-hoc meetings were held.
1. Dominic Christian ceased as a member of the Remuneration Committee with effect from 31 January 2023. Victoria Carter was appointed as a member of the Nominations &
Governance Committee with effect from 9 February 2023.
2. Michael Watson ceased as a member of the Remuneration Committee with effect from 31 January 2022.
75 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
The Remuneration Committee is responsible for setting remuneration arrangements for the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, the
Executive Directors and any other direct reports of the Chief Executive Officer and any other members of the executive management
or other persons as it is designated to consider.
Non-Executive remuneration is decided by the Council, on recommendation from the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, who may
consult the Remuneration Committee as part of that process. The level of remuneration for each position reflects the time commitment
and responsibilities of each role. Please refer to the Remuneration Report (starting on page 89) for details of the non-executive
remuneration.
The Remuneration Committee’s full report is on pages 86. The Remuneration Committee reports to the Council on its proceedings after
each meeting, and on all matters relating to its duties and powers and makes recommendations to the Council on any area within its remit
where action or improvement is needed. The Remuneration Committee submits a written report to the Council annually.
The Remuneration Committee is chaired by Fiona Luck, an independent nominated member of the Council. The Chairman is a member of
the Remuneration Committee, and its remaining members are drawn from the Council. As at 31 December 2022, two of the Remuneration
Committee’s five members were elected market representatives, the Remuneration Committee’s composition did not comply with Provision
32 of the Code in that it is not comprised entirely of independent members. It is recognised that the departure could be perceived as a risk
to the independence of the Committee. However, the Remuneration Committee’s composition is deemed appropriate notwithstanding its
departure from the Code. The Council has done this to maximise the pool of skills and experience available to it when appointing the
members of the Remuneration Committee. The Society has a conflicts of interest procedure in place (please see below) and no Executive
Director of the Council is eligible to be a member of the Remuneration Committee.
The Chair of the Remuneration Committee meets informally with and has open lines of communication with the Chief People Officer and
other members of the Executive team (as appropriate) together with senior management, to discuss topical issues and the operations of
the Society. These meetings provide an opportunity for any matters to be raised confidentially.
Audit Committee
Scheduled meetings attended*
Chair Angela Crawford-Ingle 7/7
Council Members3 Jeffery Barratt 7/7
Dominick Hoare1 4/6
Neil Maidment 6/7
John Sununu 6/7
Michael Watson2 1/1
Notes:
* In addition to the scheduled meetings identified above, one ad-hoc meeting was held.
1. Dominick Hoare was appointed as a member of the Audit Committee with effect from 1 February 2022.
2. Michael Watson ceased as a member of the Audit Committee with effect from 31 January 2022.
3. Victoria Carter was appointed as a member of the Audit Committee with effect from 9 February 2023.
The Audit Committee’s role is to assist the Council in discharging its responsibilities for monitoring the integrity of the Society’s financial
reporting, assessing the effectiveness of the systems of internal control of the Society and monitoring the effectiveness, independence and
objectivity of the internal and external auditors. The Committee’s functions in 2022 included reviewing the Society Report (which includes
the Group Financial statements of the Society1), the annual and interim Pro Forma Financial Statements (PFFS2), the Aggregate Accounts
and the Lloyd’s Solvency and Financial Condition Report to the PRA.
The Chairman of Lloyd’s, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, Deputy Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Risk Officer,
the Head of Internal Audit and other senior management regularly attend Committee meetings at the invitation of the Chair of the Audit
Committee, together with representatives of the external auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. The Audit Committee as a whole meets
privately with the Head of Internal Audit and the external auditors.
Reports from the internal and external auditors on aspects of internal control are reviewed by the Audit Committee and appropriate action
taken in response.
The Audit Committee reports to the Council on its proceedings after each meeting. Additional reports are submitted to the Council on matters
of material interest as and when necessary. The Audit Committee also submits an annual report to the Council.
The Audit Committee is chaired by an independent nominated member of the Council. As at 31 December 2022, the Audit Committee’s
remaining members comprised of two external members of the Council and two independent nominated members of the Council. As two
of the Committee’s five members are elected market representatives, the Audit Committee’s composition does not comply with Provision
24 of the Code in that it is not comprised entirely of independent members. It is recognised that the departure could be perceived as a risk
to the independence of the Committee. However, the Audit Committee’s composition is deemed appropriate notwithstanding its departure
from the Code. Council has done this to maximise the pool of skills and experience available to it when appointing the members of the Audit
Committee. The Society has a conflicts of interest procedure in place (please see below) and no Executive Director of the Council is eligible
to be a member of the Committee.
The Audit Committee’s full report is on pages 98 to 102.
1. Refer to note 1 to the Financial Statements for the definition of Group financial statements of the Society.
2. The PFFS are an aggregation of the audited financial information reported in syndicate returns and annual accounts (Aggregate Accounts), members' funds at Lloyd's (FAL) and the
audited Group financial statetments of the Society of Lloyd's.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 76

Corporate Governance
continued
Committees of the Council continued
Risk Committee
Scheduled meetings attended
Chair Neil Maidment 7/7
Council Members Andrew Brooks 4/7
Victoria Carter1 7/7
Angela Crawford-Ingle 7/7
Karen Green 6/7
Fiona Luck 7/7
Lord Mark Sedwill 6/7
Notes:
1. Victoria Carter ceased as a member of the Risk Committee with effect from 9 February 2023. Dominick Hoare was appointed as a member of the Risk Committee with effect from 9
February 2023.
The Risk Committee’s role is to assist the Council in its oversight of the identification and control of material risks to the objectives of
Lloyd’s. In carrying out the role, the Committee takes into account the relevant work of the Investment Committee and the Audit Committee.
The Risk Committee is chaired by Neil Maidment, an independent nominated member of the Council. The other members of the Committee
are drawn from the Council. The Chief Executive Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief of Markets are regular
attendees, with other individuals invited to attend all or part of any meeting as and when deemed appropriate. The Committee members
meet privately with the Chief Risk Officer at the end of each meeting.
The Committee reports to the Council on its proceedings after each meeting. The Committee also submits an annual report to the Council.
Additional reports are submitted to the Council on matters of material interest as and when necessary.
The Risk Committee’s full report is on pages 104 to 106.
Investment Committee
Scheduled meetings attended*
Chair Karen Green 4/4
Council Members Jeffery Barratt1 3/3
Michael Watson2 0/0
SMEs Mark Allan 4/4
Reeken Patel 4/4
Emily Penn 3/4
Paul Stanworth 3/4
Executive Members Eleanor Bucks 4/4
Burkhard Keese 4/4
John Neal 4/4
Notes:
* In addition to the scheduled meetings identified above, two ad-hoc meetings were held.
1. Jeffery Barratt was appointed as a member of the Investment Committee with effect from 23 March 2022.
2. Michael Watson ceased as a member of the Investment Committee with effect from 31 January 2022.
The Investment Committee recommends to the Council the investment objectives and parameters of centrally managed assets and is
responsible for reviewing performance against these. In addition, it monitors the investment operations of the Treasury and Investment
Management department in respect of all funds under its management and approves all investment counterparties. It may also make more
general recommendations concerning investment activity at Lloyd’s. In relation to the Lloyd’s Investment Platform, the Investment
Committee has certain monitoring and oversight responsibilities in respect of the operating model and the Platform investment adviser and
Platform Operator.
The Investment Committee submits a written report to the Council annually and submits reports on its proceedings after each meeting (and
may submit additional reports on matters of material concern, as and when necessary).
The Investment Committee is required to obtain the approval of the Council before making any decisions that may materially affect the
financial risks applying to the Society or Lloyd’s market entities.
The Investment Committee is chaired by Karen Green, an elected external member of the Council. The other members of the Committee
are drawn from the Council and the Executive together with independent Subject Matter Experts. The Chairman and Chief Risk Officer are
regular attendees, with other individuals invited to attend all or part of any meeting as and when deemed appropriate.
77 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
The Chair of the Investment Committee meets informally with and has open lines of communication with the Chief Financial Officer and
Chief Investment Officer and other members of the Executive team (as appropriate) together with senior management, to discuss topical
issues and the operations of the Society. These meetings provide an opportunity for any matters to be raised confidentially.
Environmental, Social & Governance Committee (ESG Committee)
Scheduled meetings attended
Chair Lord Mark Sedwill 4/4
Council Members4 Dominick Hoare1 3/4
Fiona Luck 4/4
Market Representatives Sheila Cameron 4/4
Jane Warren 4/4
SMEs Brian Dow 4/4
Ingrid Holmes 4/4
Kamel Hothi 4/4
Moses Ojeisekhoba2 2/3
Executive Members Rebekah Clement 4/4
Sara Gomez3 1/1
Mark Lomas 4/4
David Sansom 4/4
Jo Scott 4/4
Notes:
1. Dominick Hoare ceased as a member of the ESG Committee with effect from 9 February 2023.
2. Moses Ojeisekhoba ceased as a member of the ESG Committee with effect from 30 September 2022.
3 Sara Gomez, Chief People Officer, was appointed as a member of the ESG Committee with effect from 16 June 2022.
4. Richard Dudley was appointed as a member of the ESG Committee with effect from 9 February 2023.
The ESG Committee are leading advocates for the Lloyd’s Sustainability and Culture strategies, strengthening the brand and raising
awareness within the Lloyd’s market and beyond. The Committee is responsible for reviewing, challenging and approving submissions
in respect of the Lloyd’s Sustainability and Culture Strategies.
The ESG Committee submits a written report to the Council annually and submits reports on its proceedings after each meeting (and may
submit additional reports on matters of material concern, as and when necessary).
The ESG Committee is chaired by Lord Mark Sedwill, the Senior Independent Deputy Chairman of Lloyd’s. The ESG Chair has a wealth
of skills, knowledge and experience having led or helped shape policymaking approaches to topics such as ESG and energy transition.
The remaining members are drawn from the Council, representation from the market, subject matter experts and executive members as
set out in the above table. The ESG Committee membership includes the Lloyd’s Sustainability Director, who is responsible for leading
and executing Lloyd’s (Corporation and Market) sustainability strategy globally. This includes driving Lloyd’s climate action commitments.
For further information on the expertise of ESG Committee members, please see https://www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/responsible-
business/esg-committee.
The Chair of the ESG Committee meets informally with and has open lines of communication with the Chief Executive Officer and other
members of the Executive team as required, together with the Sustainability Director and other members of senior management (as
appropriate), to discuss topical issues and the operations of the Society. These meetings provide an opportunity for any matters to be
raised confidentially.
The Society has a formal workforce advisory panel. Until March 2022, this was achieved through the Employee Engagement Group (EEG),
comprising an executive sponsor and representatives from the Society’s workforce. With effect from April 2022, the Employee Change
Forum (ECF) was launched with supporting terms of reference. Representatives are elected for each division within Lloyd’s, with the
Executive from that division chairing ECF meetings for their division. Each ECF division elects a representative who attends Corporation-
wide ECF meetings chaired by the Chief Executive Officer. The divisional ECF meetings take place a minimum of six times each year, with
Corporation ECF meetings taking place at least once a quarter. The Chief Executive Officer reports to the Council in his CEO Report as
appropriate so that Council can continue to ensure effective workforce engagement.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 78

Corporate Governance
continued
Committees of the Council continued
Technology & Transformation Advisory Panel (TTA)
The Technology & Transformation Committee was dissolved with effect from 23 March 2022. The TTA was established as a Committee
of the Council on the same date. The TTA assists the Council by sharing insights, expert advice and assessments of developments in the
delivery, communication and adoption of the Future at Lloyd’s, the Joint Venture, and PPL and their interrelated governance structures,
identifying issues for consideration, focus and review by the Council.
The TTA was chaired by the CEO of Lloyd’s until 9 February 2023. Richard Dudley has chaired the TTA since that date. The TTA is
comprised of senior market practitioners drawn from both the underwriting and broking communities to enable the sharing of market insights
into developments in the delivery of the programme and Joint Venture. The Chief Operations Officer attends each TTA meeting
Future at Lloyd’s updates are provided to the Council at each meeting by the Chair of the TTA and/or the Chief Operations Officer. The
Chairman, CEO, the Deputy Chairs (which includes the Senior Independent Deputy Chairman) and Andrew Brooks, a working member of
the Council, approve operational matters relating to the delivery of Blueprint Two, where a decision is required outside of the Council with
any approvals reported back to the Council at the following Council meeting. The TTA submits a written report to the Council annually
confirming the number of meetings and associated attendance records of its meetings in the preceding year. The TTA is required to
promptly inform the Council of any matters of material concern.
Underwriting Advisory Panel (UAP)
The UAP assists the Chief of Markets by sharing, as appropriate, insights and assessments regarding underwriting conditions,
developments and trends in the insurance market (including any long-term issues) and provides expert advice on technical market matters.
The UAP is chaired by the Chief of Markets, and its remaining members are comprised of the Chair of the Lloyd’s Market Association and
Council members with relevant market expertise.
Special Committees
Capacity Transfer Panel (the ‘Panel’)
Scheduled meetings attended
Chair Neil Maidment 1/1
SMEs Richard Boys-Stones 1/1
Margaret Chamberlain 1/1
Other Non-Executive Committee Sheila Cameron 1/1
Members Alan Lovell1 0/1
Lady Rona Delves Broughton2 1/1
Paul Swain3 1/1
Notes:
1. Alan Lovell recused himself from the Panel meeting in 2022 owing to a conflict of interest. Belinda Schofield attended the meeting as alternate member on behalf of third-party captial.
Alan Lovell ceased as a member of the Panel with effect from 30 September 2022.
2. Lady Rona Delves Broughton recused herself from part of the Panel meeting in 2022 owing to a conflict of interest.
3. Paul Swain ceased as a member of the Panel with effect from 29 September 2022.
The Panel was established principally to exercise the Council’s powers in relation to syndicate minority buyouts and mergers. The Panel
submits a written report to the Council annually and may submit additional reports on matters of material concern, as and when necessary.
The members of the Panel are appointed by the Council. The Panel is chaired by Neil Maidment. Other members of the Panel are neither
Council members, nor employees of the Society.
Market Supervision and Review Committee (MSARC)
Scheduled meetings attended
Chair Sir Mark Havelock-Allan KC 2/2
SMEs Nick Marsh 2/2
Julian James 2/2
Tammy Richardson 2/2
MSARC takes decisions regarding the exercise of the Society’s enforcement powers. It also acts as a review body capable, where
appropriate, of amending, modifying, or withdrawing certain decisions taken by the Executive affecting managing agents. It also acts as the
body that determines whether certain decisions can be referred to the Lloyd’s Appeal Tribunal and can also make certain business decisions.
MSARC submits a written report to the Council annually and may submit additional reports where appropriate.
The members of MSARC are appointed by the Council and are neither Council members, nor employees of the Society. MSARC is chaired
by a qualified lawyer.
79 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Corporate Governance and the Code
The Council is committed to the principle of good corporate governance and supports the application of the principles of the UK Corporate
Governance Code (the Code). Please see below for the Society’s disclosure on how the provisions of the Code have been complied with
and an explanation of any divergences.
Terms of reference and appointment terms
There are terms of reference for the Council and its committees (including the Audit, Risk, Nominations & Governance, Remuneration and
ESG Committees). There are also terms of reference for the Chairman, Deputy Chairs (including the Senior Independent Deputy Chairman)
and the Chief Executive Officer. All of the aforementioned terms of reference are available to view on www.lloyds.com. The terms of
reference provide a clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of the Council and the Executive leadership of the Society.
The terms and conditions of appointment of non-executive members of the Council are available on request by members of the Society
from the Secretary to the Council.
Changes to the non-Lloyd’s professional activities of the non-executive members of Council are submitted to the Nominations &
Governance Committee for review and require the approval of the Chairman. While approval of the Council as a whole is not required and
it is acknowledged that this is a departure from Provision 15 of the Code, the Nominations & Governance Committee reports to the Council
after each meeting and accordingly Lloyd’s approach is considered appropriate and proportionate.
Annual General Meeting
The Council reports to the members of the Society at the Annual General Meeting (AGM). The AGM is an annual opportunity for Council
members and the Executive to engage with members of the Society. A summary business presentation is given at the AGM by the Chief
Executive Officer before the Chairman deals with the business of the meeting.
Where a poll is called, voting entitlement at general meetings is capacity based for both external and working members, except at general
meetings called on the requisition of members, under section 6(4) of the Lloyd’s Act 1982, for the purpose of revoking or annulling byelaws,
at which each member has one vote. The resolutions to be considered at general meetings are published on www.lloyds.com.
Indemnities
The Society has given indemnities to a number of its subsidiary undertakings, and the Directors thereof, in respect of any claims or
actions which may be brought against them, or any future operating losses incurred by them in connection with the companies’ activities.
The Society has also given indemnities to and has agreed to cover certain specific costs that may be incurred by members of the Council,
its committees and directors of certain subsidiaries, the Society’s employees, and certain individuals and organisations who have been
asked to carry out or provide services to the Society or on behalf of, or for the benefit of, its members.
Council and committee assessments
In accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code, an external and independent evaluation of the performance of the Council and
its committees1 is undertaken every three years. In intervening years an internal assessment is undertaken. In all cases, feedback is sought
from non-executive directors on the operation and dynamics of the Council. The composition, diversity and how effectively members work
together is considered.
The last independent external review was conducted in 2020/21 by YSC Consulting (YSC). The review was undertaken through
observations of the Council and selected committees (Remuneration, Audit, Risk, Nominations & Governance and Investment) and
discussions with Council members, Executive Committee members and other senior leaders of the Society. The overall conclusion
(which was reported to members of the Society at the AGM) was that there was a noticeable improvement in both the efficiency and
effectiveness of governance at Lloyd’s across almost all measures. For further information, please see Lloyd’s 2021 Annual Report
(https://www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/investor-relations/financial-performance/financial-results/full-year-results-2021). The next
independent external review will be conducted in 2023/24.
In late 2021/early 2022, an internal assessment of the Council and selected committees (Remuneration, Audit, Risk, Nominations &
Governance and Investment) took place. The key actions were taken forward and an update was provided to the Council during the year
to report on the progress made. For further information, please see Lloyd’s 2021 Annual Report (https://www.lloyds.com/about-
lloyds/investor-relations/financial-performance/financial-results/full-year-results-2021).
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. Formal evaluations are not undertaken for the TTA, UAP, MSARC, CTP, LEB and Lloyd’s of London Foundation.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 80

Corporate Governance
continued
Council and committee assessments continued
In late 2022/early 2023, an internal assessment of the Council and selected committees (Remuneration, Audit, Risk, Nominations &
Governance, Investment and ESG) took place. The assessment was conducted in two stages: meetings between the Secretary to the
Council and the Head of Secretariat and Governance with each Council member individually; and questionnaires distributed to all Council
and Committee members. The principal conclusion of the assessment was that the governance arrangements were working effectively.
Observations included that the relationships between Council and the Executive are strong and constructive, that Council meetings are
running well and are improved, and that succession planning (which has been a focus area in recent reviews) had been enhanced in
line with the actions taken from the previous review. However, it was highlighted that there was further improvement to be made on
improving the quality and timeliness of materials submitted to the Council and its committees, ensuring that there is a sufficiently strong
weighting to strategic rather than operational discussions at Council meetings, as well as some focus areas for individual committees. The
recommendations for improvement will be taken forward under the guidance of the Chairman and the Secretary to the Council during 2023.
Engagement and assessment
The Chairman maintains an ongoing dialogue with the non-executive members of Council and meets with each of them individually at least
once a year to appraise their performance. In addition, each non-executive member of the Council meets individually with the General
Counsel and Company Secretary at least once a year.
The Senior Independent Deputy Chairman leads meetings of the other non-executive Council members without the Chairman present,
at least annually, to appraise the Chairman’s performance, and on any other occasions as necessary.
Training
All new members of the Council are provided with a Guide for Members of the Lloyd’s committees and a tailored induction programme that
includes briefings with senior executive management on Lloyd’s, its operations and the key current issues. Members of the Council also
receive ongoing briefings from management and external advisers on their duties as members of Council and on new developments that
are relevant to the business of Lloyd’s.
Training is provided annually, as appropriate, to the Council and to all Corporation employees, thereby supporting the application of
Principle E of the Code.
Independent professional advice
Members of the Council have access to independent professional advice, if required.
In addition, members of the Council have access to the advice of the Secretary to the Council, who is responsible for advising the Council
on all governance matters. Both the appointment and removal of the Secretary to the Council are matters for the Council as a whole.
Conflicts of interest
A register of interests of members of the Council and their committees is maintained by the Secretary to the Council and is available for
inspection on request by members of the Society. On appointment, non-executive members of the Council notify the Secretary to the
Council of any conflicts of interest. Thereafter, there is an ongoing obligation for members of the Council to notify the Secretary of Council
as to any conflicts of interest which arise after appointment. Where a conflict of interest arises, the member is recused from the meeting.
In addition, papers for meetings are redacted appropriately. Training is provided annually.
81 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
The Code
An internal assessment of the Code has been undertaken. Except where expressly stated below, the Society has complied throughout
the reporting period with the Code insofar as its provisions can be applied to the governance of a Society of members and a market of
separate and competing entities.
1. Board Leadership and Company Purpose
Principles Explanation (* denotes a deviation)
A — Council Statement, starting at page 65.
— Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, including the following paragraphs: Governing body: the Council; the
Constitutional Requirements; and the Society’s governance structure.
B — Strategic Report, starting at page 4, including the following paragraphs/sections: Lloyd’s business model; Sharing risk to
create a braver world; Supporting our stakeholders and accompanying table; and Culture.
— Council Statement, starting at page 65, including the Engagement with employees and Culture paragraphs.
— Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, including the ESG Committee paragraph.
C — Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, including the following paragraphs: Governing body: the Council;
Terms of Reference and appointment terms; Audit Committee; and Risk Committee.
— Audit Committee Report, starting at page 98.
— Risk Committee Report, starting at page 104.
— Remuneration Committee Report, starting at page 86, including the Summary of remuneration policy and out-turns for
2022 section.
D — Council Statement, starting at page 65.
— Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, including the following paragraphs/sections: AGM; and Attendance
tables showing composition of Council (and its Committees).
— Strategic Report, starting at page 4, including the following paragraphs: Purpose; and Supporting our communities.
E — Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, including the following paragraphs: Audit Committee; Training; and
ESG Committee.
— Council Statement, starting at page 65.
— Audit Committee Report, starting at page 98, including the following paragraphs/sections: Responsibilities of the Audit Committee;
Audit Committee primary activities and 2022 key areas of focus; and Internal Control.
— Terms of Reference www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance-and-management.
Provisions Explanation (* denotes a deviation)
1-8 — Council Statement, starting at page 65, including the following paragraphs/sections: Council decisions and their impact
on stakeholders; Culture; Purpose; Engagement with members; and Engagement with employees.
— Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, including the following paragraphs/sections: Nominations &
Governance Committee; ESG Committee; Investment Committee; TTA; Training; Council Membership; Council meetings;
and Conflicts of Interest.
— Strategic Report, starting at page 4, including the following paragraphs/sections: Lloyd’s business model; Principal risks
to Lloyd’s Strategic priorities and our mitigating actions table; Supporting our Stakeholders and accompanying table;
Culture; and Sustainability section.
— Remuneration Report, starting at page 86, Wider Society employees’ and Culture at Lloyd’s and employee engagement
paragraphs.
— Risk Committee Report, starting at page 104.
— Audit Committee Report, starting at page 98, Responsibilities of the Audit Committee and Internal Control paragraphs.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 82

Corporate Governance
continued
The Code continued
2. Division of Responsibilities
Principles Explanation (* denotes a deviation)
F — Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, including the following paragraphs: Chairman and Deputy Chairs;
Council Membership; Council meetings; and Engagement and assessment.
— Terms of Reference www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance-and-management.
G — Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, including the following paragraphs: Council Membership; Council
Attendance tables, Nominations & Governance Committee; and Terms of reference and appointment terms.
— Terms of Reference www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance-and-management.
H — Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, including the following paragraphs/sections: Nominations &
Governance Committee; Attendance tables of Committees; Conflicts of Interest; Council Meetings; Engagement and
assessment; and Council and Committee assessments.
I — Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, including the following paragraphs: Terms of reference and
appointment terms; Council and Committee assessments; and Training.
— Terms of Reference www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance-and-management.
9-10 — Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, including the following paragraphs/sections: Chairman and Deputy
12-14 & 16 Chairs; Council meetings; Council attendance table (and further attendance tables throughout the report); Council
membership; Engagement and assessment; Governing body: the Council; Nominations & Governance Committee;
Remuneration Committee; Terms of Reference and appointment terms; and Independent professional advice.
— Council biographies www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance-and-management/council-of-lloyds.
— Executive biographies www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance-and-management/executive-committee.
— Terms of Reference https://www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance-and-management.
— Remuneration Report at page 86.
*11 * Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, Council Membership paragraph.
*15 * Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, Terms of Reference and appointment terms paragraph.
— Corporate Governance Report, starting on page 71, Nominations and governance paragraph.
3. Composition, Succession and Evaluation
Principles Explanation (* denotes a deviation)
J — Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, including the following paragraphs/sections: Nominations &
Governance Committee; Council Membership; Governing body: the Council; and Terms of reference and appointment terms.
— Strategic Report, starting at page 4, including the following paragraphs/sections: Our Strategic priorities; and Culture.
— Terms of Reference www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance-and-management.
K — Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, Nominations & Governance Committee and Council Membership
paragraphs/sections.
— Council biographies www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance-and-management/council-of-lloyds.
L — Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, Engagement & Assessment and Council and Committee
assessments paragraphs.
Provisions Explanation (* denotes a deviation)
*17 * Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, Nominations & Governance Committee section.
— Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, Conflict of interest paragraph.
— Nominations & Governance Terms of Reference www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance-and-management.
*18 * Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, Council Membership paragraph.
* Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, Chairman and deputy chairs.
19-23 — Council Statement, starting at page 65, including the Culture section
— Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, including the following paragraphs/sections: Chairman and Deputy
Chairs; Council Membership; Nominations & Governance Committee (including the Succession Planning for the Council
and senior management; and Diversity & Inclusion policies sections); and Council and committee assessments.
— Council biographies https://www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance-and-management/council-of-lloyds.
— Remuneration Report, starting at page 86, Remuneration for Chairman and members of the Council who are not
employees of the Society paragraph.
— Strategic Report, starting at page 4, Culture section.
83 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
4. Audit, Risk and Internal Control
Principles Explanation (* denotes a deviation)
M — Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, Audit Committee paragraph.
— Audit Committee Report, starting at page 98, including the following paragraphs: Responsibilities of the Audit Committee;
Audit Committee primary activities and 2022 key areas of focus; Financial Reporting and External Audit; and Internal
Audit paragraphs.
— Audit Committee Terms of Reference www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance-and-management.
N — Audit Committee Report, starting at page 98, Financial reporting and external audit paragraph.
O — Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, Audit Committee and Risk Committee paragraphs.
— Audit Committee Report, starting at page 98, Internal Control and Internal Audit paragraphs.
— Risk Committee Report, starting at page 104, Internal Control and Risk Management Framework paragraph/sections.
— Strategic Report, starting at page 4, including the Principal risks to Lloyd’s strategic priorities and our mitigating actions
section.
Provisions Explanation (* denotes a deviation)
*24 * Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, Audit Committee paragraph.
— Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, Nominations & Governance Committee paragraph.
— Audit Committee Report, starting at page 98, Composition of the Audit Committee paragraph.
— Council biographies www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance-and-management/council-of-lloyds.
25-31 — Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, including Audit Committee and Risk Committee paragraphs.
— Audit Committee Report, starting at page 98, including the following paragraphs: Statement by the Chair of the Audit
Committee; Responsibilities of the Audit Committee; Audit Committee primary activities and 2022 key areas of focus;
Financial reporting and external audit; Internal Control; and Internal Audit.
— Strategic Report, starting at page 4, including Principal risks to Lloyd’s strategic priorities and our mitigating actions
section together with table.
— Risk Committee Report, starting at page 104, including the following paragraphs: Responsibilities of the Risk Committee;
Key areas of focus during the year; Internal Control; and Risk Management Framework.
— Audit Committee and Risk Committee Terms of Reference www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance-and-management.
— Market Results, Statement of Councils responsibilities in respect of the Pro Forma Financial Statements at pages 32 to
36.
— Society Report, starting at page 64, including the following paragraphs: Statement of the Council’s Responsibilities for the
Financial Statements; Going Concern and viability paragraphs at page 112 and Liquidity Risk paragraph at page 111.
5. Remuneration
Principles Explanation (* denotes a deviation)
P — Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, Remuneration Committee paragraph.
— Remuneration Report, starting at page 86, including the following paragraphs/sections: Statement by the Chair of the
Remuneration Committee; the Remuneration Policy principles; Remuneration Policy table, Remuneration policy; Key
remuneration decisions and Incentive out-turns; Annual Bonus (Individual Performance Award); 2022 awards-
performance framework and weightings; and Bonus out-turns for 2022.
— Remuneration Committee Terms of Reference www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance-and-management.
Q — Remuneration Report, starting at page 86, including the following paragraphs: Remuneration Policy principles;
Remuneration Policy table; and Compliance Statement.
— Remuneration Committee Terms of Reference www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance-and-management.
R — Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, The Constitutional Requirements paragraph.
— Remuneration Report. starting at page 86, including the following paragraphs: Remuneration Policy principles;
Remuneration Policy table; Compliance Statement; Summary of remuneration policy and out-turns for 2022 table; 2022
awards-performance framework and weightings; and Market Award.
— Remuneration Committee Terms of Reference www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance-and-management.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 84

Corporate Governance
continued
The Code continued
5. Remuneration continued
Provisions Explanation (* denotes a deviation)
*32 * Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, Remuneration Committee paragraph.
— Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, Council Membership paragraph and Remuneration Committee
attendance table.
— Remuneration Report, starting at page 86, Details of the Remuneration Committee, advisers to the Committee and their
fees paragraph.
33-37 & — Remuneration Committee Terms of Reference www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance-and-management.
39-40 — Remuneration Report, starting at page 86, including the following paragraphs: Statement by Chair of the Remuneration
Committee, Details of the Remuneration Committee, advisers to the Committee and their fees; Remuneration for the
Chairman and members of the Council who are not employees of the Society; Remuneration Policy table; Annual
Remuneration Report table; Malus and clawback; Service Contracts; 2022 awards-performance framework and
weighting table; Key remuneration decisions and incentive out-turns and Wider Society Employees.
— Corporate Governance Report, starting at page 71, Remuneration Committee and Constitutional Requirements
paragraphs.
*38 * Remuneration Report, starting at page 86, Pensions and Benefits section of the table, Summary of the Remuneration
policy and out-turns for 2022.
— Remuneration Report, starting at page 86, Pensions paragraph.
*41 * Remuneration Report, starting at page 86, including the following paragraphs: Compliance with UK Corporate
Governance Code 2018 and Remuneration Policy.
— Strategic Report. starting at page 4, including the following paragraphs: Our Strategic Priorities; Culture.
— Remuneration Report, starting at page 86, including the following paragraphs/sections: Wider Society Employees;
Summary of remuneration policy and out-turns for 2022, 2022 awards-performance framework and weightings; Key
Remuneration decisions and Incentive Out-turns and; Culture at Lloyd’s and employee engagement.
85 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Report of the Remuneration Committee
This report is based upon the principles of the Directors’ Remuneration policy principles
remuneration reporting regulations for UK-listed companies, and
The overall principles that underpin the remuneration policy are
the UK Corporate Governance Code. The Code and regulations
as follows:
are directed at companies listed on the London Stock Exchange,
whereas Lloyd’s is a market of many separate and competing — Nature of the Society – The organisation has a unique role,
trading entities. Nonetheless, the Council supports their principles both as an oversight body and a promoter of the Lloyd’s market.
insofar as they can be applied to the governance of the Society and Incentives are generally set below market levels, reflecting the
has chosen to broadly follow the disclosure principles in this report. oversight role of the Society.
The remuneration report is unaudited with the exception of the — Alignment to Lloyd’s strategy – Individual Performance Awards
single total figure of remuneration table which is audited by the are linked to the Society and individual KPIs. Performance is
independent external auditors PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. assessed against a rigorous balanced scorecard of quantifiable
metrics and is subject to risk adjustment.
The Remuneration Committee reviews and recommends the
For 2023, as in 2022, a Transformation Incentive Plan will operate
framework and policy for the remuneration of the Chairman of
for key roles that are critical to the successful execution of the
Lloyd’s, the Chief Executive Officer, the Executive Directors, any
ambitious Blueprint Two programme and the sustainability of the
other direct reports of the Chief Executive Officer and such other
Lloyd’s platform for the future (see pages 91 to 92).
members of the executive management or other persons (including
Solvency II employees) as appropriate, to the Council. — Alignment to the Lloyd’s market – A significant element of
remuneration is based on the performance of the Lloyd’s market.
Statement by Chair of the Remuneration This encourages an attitude of commercial partnership with
the market and aligns the interests of participants with capital
Committee
providers. This alignment means that the payment under the
I am pleased to present the Remuneration Committee’s report for market element was £nil in 2017, 2018 and 2020. Market and
2022 on the following pages. Society risk adjustment metrics also apply to this element.
The Society’s Remuneration Policy seeks to reward individuals who — In order to provide a balanced approach to performance
contribute to the success of the Corporation and the Lloyd’s market measurement and reflect the focus of the Society and its drive
and our reward principles align to the Society’s purpose and values, for improved efficiencies and transformation in the Lloyd’s
and the successful delivery of the long-term strategy. Progress market, profit before tax and combined operating ratio are
against our four key strategic pillars of performance, digitalisation, key metrics used to measure market performance.
purpose and culture remains critical to our future success. — Solvency II – We continue to operate appropriate features such
as long-term deferral for Solvency II staff and risk adjustment.
The Lloyd’s market reported an underwriting result of £2,641m
for 2022 (2021: £1,741m) with a combined operating ratio of 91.9% The remuneration policy is set out on pages 95 to 97.
(2021: 93.5%), demonstrating continued delivery of sustainable
performance and profitable growth. The market is exceptionally well Key remuneration decisions and incentive
capitalised with the Central Solvency ratio of 412% (2021: 388%) out-turns
and a prudent asset allocation, however economic headwinds and
the conflict in Ukraine led to valuation losses across the investment Salaries
portfolio. The Committee carefully considered the salaries of the Chief
Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer & Chief Operating Officer
Our focus on sustainable performance is supported by the
and Chief of Markets.
implementation of a principles-based oversight framework and
the delivery of industry-wide initiatives to optimise growth through In reviewing salaries this year, the Committee was mindful of the
technology, sustainability and talent. challenging external economic environment. High inflation and an
increase in the cost of living is impacting all of our employees, and
In an uncertain external environment, we will continue to support
in September 2022 Lloyd’s awarded a cost-of-living payment of
our customers and colleagues in responding to the challenges that
£2,500 to Society employees earning less than £75,000. A further
we face. Our strong performance and strategic priorities position us
cost of living payment of £1,500 will be made in April 2023. The
well to provide this, and a focus on innovation – including our
average salary increase for employees is 5%, taking effect from
ambition to digitalise the Lloyd’s market – will be essential in
1 January 2023.
building continued resilience in 2023 and beyond.
Following consideration of the wider environment, no salary
increases were awarded to the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer. An increase of 4% was awarded to the Chief of
Markets, below the average increase for wider Society employees.
Incentive out-turns
Fiona Luck
The Individual Performance Awards (annual bonus) are based on
Remuneration Committee Chair
an assessment of each Director’s performance against KPIs and
22 March 2023
Lloyd’s Values. The Committee seeks to ensure that KPIs are
stretching and aimed at delivering strategic priorities while
remaining in accordance with Lloyd’s risk policies and risk appetite.
The Society made strong progress against its key strategic
priorities in 2022, which is reflected in the Individual Performance
Awards (see page 90).
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 86

Report of the Remuneration Committee
continued
Key remuneration decisions and incentive The Remuneration Policy and Bonus Scheme Rules are published
out-turns continued internally and are available to all employees.
Incentive out-turns continued All Society employees are eligible to participate in Lloyd’s Incentive
Executive Directors’ incentive awards are also aligned to market Plan, and the framework is consistent across all employees.
performance. The Lloyd’s market recorded a loss before tax of
Pension arrangements for Executive Directors are in line with the
£769m (2021: £2,277m profit) and the combined operating ratio was
maximum contribution available to wider Society employees.
91.9% (2021: 93.5%) which resulted in a Market Award for Executive
Directors (see page 91).
Culture at Lloyd’s and employee
40% of the total Lloyd’s Incentive Plan award for Executive engagement
Directors will be deferred for three years.
In 2022, Lloyd’s launched our ‘Lloyd’s Culture Strategy’, which
The Transformation Incentive Plan, as outlined below, vested at describes how we define, engage and measure progress on culture
78% of maximum (2021: nil award), reflecting our progress against across the Lloyd’s market.
the Blueprint Two programme during the year (see page 92 for
The results of our survey revealed positive progress towards
more details).
our diversity ambitions, including our target of 35% of leadership
The Committee considered that the remuneration policy operated positions filled by women and one in three new hires coming from
as intended in terms of the Society’s performance and out-turns. ethnic minority backgrounds.
We will continue to provide transparent reporting on representation
Future at Lloyd’s strategy – Lloyd’s
and pay in our market, alongside robust oversight of market firms,
Transformation Incentive Plan
taking appropriate action when necessary.
Blueprint Two is a transformational programme that will radically
The Society operates a range of employee engagement channels,
shift the market to a digital ecosystem, powered by data and
including employee engagement surveys and a formal workforce
technology – designed to deliver better value at a lower cost for
advisory panel set up in 2022, the Employee Change Forum (ECF),
its customers. comprising of representatives from across the workforce. The ECF
In 2021, we launched a Transformation Incentive Plan, operating for collates and discusses the views of the workforce on a wide range
a group of key roles who are critical to the successful execution of of topics, and in 2023 this will include the approach to reward and
the ambitious Blueprint Two programme and the sustainability of employee policies across the Society.
the Lloyd’s platform for the future. Performance metrics are directly
aligned to the success of the programme and are underpinned Compliance statement
by profitability and financial strength of the Lloyd’s marketplace.
The Society is not required to report under the Directors’
The plan is an additional incentive, separate to Lloyd’s existing
remuneration reporting regulations, as these only apply to UK-listed
incentive plan.
companies. The Committee has chosen broadly to follow the
The Remuneration Committee carefully considered achievement of disclosure principles in those regulations insofar as they can be
2022 performance against key lead and lag performance indicators applied to the governance of the Society.
as set out on page 90. 2022 awards vested at 78% of maximum,
For the purposes of this report, Executive Directors refers to John
reflecting strong achievements against the targets set in the year
Neal (Chief Executive Officer), Burkhard Keese (Chief Financial
(2021 awards: £nil award).
Officer) and Patrick Tiernan (Chief of Markets). Directors are not
Payment of vested awards will be made in three tranches in the involved in deciding their own remuneration outcome.
three years following the end of the performance period (April
The Remuneration Committee’s Terms of Reference and
2023, April 2024 and April 2025).
Remuneration Policy provide further direction on the circumstances
Awards may be made in 2023 and further information is provided that must be considered when authorising remuneration outcomes.
on pages 90 to 92.
Wider Society employees
The Remuneration Committee reviews policies which apply to all
employees across the Society.
During 2022, an independent review of the Society’s existing
reward strategy was undertaken, to ensure our approach remains
aligned with core business priorities and enables the delivery of
Lloyd’s ambition through the attraction, retention and incentivisation
of key talent. In July 2022, the Remuneration Committee held a
strategy workshop session in which it discussed the findings of
the review and potential areas of focus looking ahead.
The Committee is regularly updated on key areas of the Lloyd’s
Culture Dashboard, designed to drive the market towards a more
inclusive environment and deliver cultural change in key areas such
as gender and ethnicity pay gaps and employee engagement.
87 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Summary of remuneration policy and out-turns for 2022
The following table provides a summary of how our remuneration policy was implemented in 2022. The remuneration policy is provided on
pages 95 to 97.
Salary Salaries are set to appropriately recognise responsibilities and be broadly market competitive.
From 1 April 2022, annual salaries were as follows:
— Chief Executive Officer: £700,000
— Chief Financial Officer & Chief Operating Officer1: £550,000
— Chief of Markets: £510,000
Lloyd’s Incentive The Lloyd’s Incentive Plan comprises an Individual Performance Award (annual bonus) and a Market Award.
Plan (Individual
The Individual Performance Award links reward to corporate and individual KPIs aligned with our strategy.
Performance
Award and The Market Award offers an incentive which is directly linked to the performance of the Lloyd’s market. Market
Market Award) Awards are calculated by reference to profit before tax and combined operating ratio levels in the year.
Further details of performance are provided on pages 90 to 91. A summary of the out-turns for 2022 is provided
below.
Individual Performance Award Market Award
Maximum Maximum
opportunity 2022 out-turn opportunity 2022 out-turn
(% of salary) (% of salary) (% of salary) (% of salary)
John Neal: Chief Executive Officer 100% 74% 50% 25%
Burkhard Keese: Chief Financial Officer 100% 74% 50% 25%
& Chief Operating Officer1
Patrick Tiernan: Chief of Markets 100% 78% 50% 25%
Risk underpin
In 2022, all awards under the Lloyd’s Incentive Plan were subject to a risk underpin. The Committee assessed
performance against a range of Society and market risk and compliance metrics and after consideration agreed
not to make any specific adjustment to 2022 awards. Downwards adjustments have been made in prior years.
Deferral
For Executive Directors, 40% of total incentives (all variable incentives including Individual Performance Award
and Market Award) will be deferred for three years.
Transformation Transformation Incentive Plan awards are subject to key metrics aligned to the delivery of the Blueprint Two
Incentive Plan programme. Lead performance indicators are underpinned by profitability and the financial strength of the Lloyd’s
marketplace. 2022 awards vested at 78% of the maximum award (2021: nil award). Payment of vested awards will
be made in three tranches in the three years following the end of the performance period (April 2023, April 2024
and April 2025). Further details are provided on page 92.
In 2023, awards will be made with a maximum opportunity of 100% of salary. Awards will be performance tested
and vest following 31 December 2023. Payment of any vested awards will be made in three tranches in the three
years following the end of the performance period, subject to employment at the time of vesting.
Pension and The Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer & Chief Operating Officer1 and Chief of Markets received a
benefits pension supplement of 15% of salary, which is in line with the pension available to the wider workforce. All
employees, including Directors have access to the same pension arrangements that do not vary by age.
All Executive Directors receive a benefit supplement of 3% of salary.
1. With effect from 14 March 2023, a Chief Operating Officer was appointed, taking over responsibilities from the Chief Financial Officer.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 88

Report of the Remuneration Committee
continued
Annual remuneration report
This part of the report sets out the annual remuneration for 2022 and a summary of how the policy will apply for 2023.
Single total figure of remuneration
The total remuneration receivable in respect of qualifying services for each person who served as a member of Board or Council during the
year is shown below. Further details on annual bonus and Market Awards are shown on pages 90 to 91.
Salary/ Other Annual Market Pension Total Total
fees benefits1 bonus Award2 benefit3 fixed variable Total
2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Chairman of
the Council
Bruce Carnegie-
Brown 650 623 2 2 – – – – – – 650 623 2 2 652 625
Executive
Directors
John Neal 691 660 50 72 519 436 721 332 104 99 820 784 1,265 815 2,085 1,599
Burkhard
Keese 546 469 28 29 408 352 567 238 82 70 653 561 977 597 1,630 1,158
Patrick Tiernan4 508 336 278 588 399 375 525 250 76 50 604 399 1,182 1,200 1,786 1,599
Salary/fees Other benefits1 Total
2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Working members
Andrew Brooks 78 78 – – 78 78
Dominic Christian 84 84 – – 84 84
Victoria Carter 92 87 – – 92 87
External members
Jeffery Barratt5 85 79 13 8 98 87
Karen Green 100 95 – – 100 95
Michael Watson6 7 86 – – 7 86
Dominick Hoare7 83 10 – – 83 10
Nominated members
Andy Haste8 – 120 – – – 120
Angela Crawford-Ingle9 163 118 – – 163 118
Fiona Luck 107 108 14 8 121 116
John Sununu 80 86 17 3 97 89
Lord Mark Sedwill 117 17 – – 117 17
Neil Maidment 115 106 – – 115 106
The information in the above table has been audited by the independent auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.
1. Other benefits include items such as benefit allowances (all Executive Directors receive a benefit supplement of 3% of salary) other taxable benefits and taxable business expenses.
These include travel costs met by Lloyd’s, including any tax due under HMRC regulations. These travel costs are provided in accordance with the Society’s policy and to enable
Executive Directors to undertake responsibilities most efficiently while travelling. Other taxable business expenses include business-related membership fees and hotels.
2. Market Award includes an amount for the 2022 Transformation Incentive Plan bonus awarded to support the delivery of the market transformation.
3. The Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer & Chief Operating Officer and Chief of Markets received a pension supplement of 15% of salary, in line with the pension available to
the wider workforce.
4. A payment was awarded to Mr Tiernan as part of the employment contract terms and is reflected in other benefits.
5. Mr Jeffery Barratt was appointed to the Investment Committee with effect from 23 March 2022.
6. Mr Michael Watson ceased as a member of the Council, the Remuneration Committeee, the Investment Committeee and the Audit Committeee with effect from 31 January 2022.
7. Munich Re Capital Limited, represented by Mr Dominick Hoare, was elected as a member of the Council, the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee, and the Audit
Committee with effect from 1 February 2022.
8. Mr Andy Haste ceased as a member of the Council with effect from 31 December 2021.
9. Ms Angela Crawford-Ingle is a non-Executive member of the Board of Directors of Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A. (Lloyd's Europe) and a member of the Lloyd's Europe Audit and Risk
Committee. Ms Crawford-Ingle is paid in Euros for the Lloyd's Europe appointments. The Lloyd's Europe fees have been included in the Single total figure of remuneration table. The
fees are paid quarterly and have been translated at the same quarterly FX rates used for the financial statements and notes.
89 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Salary
The annual salaries of the Executive Directors take into account a range of factors, including increases for all employees across the
Society, and are reviewed by the Remuneration Committee annually.
Salaries effective from 1 April 2023 are as follows:
2023
Base
salaries Increase
£000 on 2022
John Neal: Chief Executive Officer 700 0%
Burkhard Keese: Chief Financial Officer 550 0%
Patrick Tiernan: Chief of Markets 530 4%
The average increase awarded to all employees was 5%. All salary increases have been backdated to 1 January 2023.
Annual bonus (Individual Performance Award)
Executive Directors are eligible for a discretionary Individual Performance Award. Payments are based on the Remuneration Committee’s
judgement of performance against a scorecard of corporate and individual KPIs for the year.
The Committee reviews strategic and operational objectives and KPIs at the start of the financial year, to ensure that they are stretching
and aligned to the Society’s strategic objectives.
The following table sets out the performance framework and weightings for 2022 awards.
2022 awards – performance framework and weightings
Performance Performance and Individual strategic
metric Risk Management Digitalisation Purpose Culture KPIs
Weighting 21% 21% 9% 9% 40%
Individual strategic KPIs are aligned to the four key strategic pillars of performance, digitalisation, purpose and culture.
Awards are subject to a risk underpin. The Committee assessed performance against a range of Society risk and compliance metrics and
after consideration agreed not to make any specific adjustment to 2022 awards. Downwards adjustments have been made in prior years.
Bonus out-turns for 2022
The following table sets out performance achievements against the KPIs set in respect of 2022.
Performance and
Risk Management Digitalisation Purpose Culture
— Strong performance against the — Completion of CDR — Delivery of Futureset initiatives — Delivery and execution of the
2022 business plan. consultation, with continued with wide circulation. culture strategy, including
— Delivery of initial proposal on progress with iMRC. — Implementation of Sustainable Inclusion@Lloyd’s.
new entrant strategy. — Strong progress in Markets Initiative, illustrated — Sustained target for gender
— Progress in relation to enhancements of DCOM and through access afforded to ratio at 35% female across
engagement with key DDM with Delegated Authority Lloyd’s and positive COP27 Corporation leadership .
distribution partners, as part of data strategy on track. feedback. — Successful launch of Lloyd’s
the wider Commercial Strategy. — Enhancements to control and — Development of engagement Foundation.
— Reform of Global Excellence execution of change projects. with regulators, ratings agencies — Strong progress against People
Framework network model. — Improved engagement with the and investors through delivery Management Capabilities,
— Continued strengthening of market on Blueprint Two, of Lloyd’s Sustainability Model. including implementation of new
relationships with rating including launch of Blueprint performance management
agencies and regulators, Two roadmap and quarterly solution.
including delivery of updates.
sustainability model. — Strong progress made with
— Improved control environment sequences 1 and 2 in joint
with embedding of risk culture venture with DXC.
across the Corporation.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 90

Report of the Remuneration Committee
continued
Annual remuneration report continued
Bonus out-turns for 2022 continued
Taking into account an overall assessment of the above achievements, as well as individual performance and Society risk, the Committee
determined the following annual bonus payments in respect of 2022:
Role Maximum Out-turn
John Neal: Chief Executive Officer 100% of salary 74% of salary
Burkhard Keese: Chief Financial Officer &
Chief Operating Officer 100% of salary 74% of salary
Patrick Tiernan: Chief of Markets 100% of salary 78% of salary
40% of total incentives (Individual Performance Award and Market Award) for Executive Directors will be deferred for three years.
Market Award
The Market Award has been designed to meet Lloyd’s strategic objectives by enabling the Society to offer an incentive which:
— is directly linked to the performance of the Lloyd’s market and will therefore encourage an attitude of commercial partnership with the
market and align the interests of participants with capital providers;
— will provide a competitive reward and therefore assist the Society in attracting and retaining the talented individuals required to develop
and support future strategy; and
— is subject to personal performance.
All employees of the Society, including international offices, were eligible to participate in the Market Award for 2022 on the basis set
out below:
— Market Awards are calculated by reference to profit before tax and combined operating ratio (weighted equally) for each financial year;
— Market Awards are subject to a risk underpin; and
— 40% of the Market Award is deferred for three years for Executive Directors. For other employees above the proportionality threshold,
40% of the Market Award will be deferred with payment made in three equal tranches in April 2024, April 2025 and April 2026.
For senior employees whose remuneration is below the proportionality test (and applicable to those defined as Solvency II staff for
remuneration purposes), the Market Award will be paid on an ongoing fund basis. Under this approach, one half of an award will be paid in
April following the relevant financial year, with the remaining 50% treated as an ongoing fund. For other employees, the Market Award is
paid in full in April following the relevant financial year.
The maximum opportunity for Executive Directors is 50% of salary. Market Awards are subject to a personal performance underpin.
2022 Market Award – out-turn
2022 Market Award
2022 Market Award – Threshold Target Maximum 2022 performance out-turn
performance metric (20% of maximum) (50% of maximum) (100% of maximum) out-turn (% of salary)
Profit before tax element
(50% weighting) £500m £1.2bn £2.5bn (£0.8)bn 0%
Combined operating ratio
element (50% weighting) 100% 98% 94% 91.9% 50%
Total Market
Award payout
(as a % of salary) 25%
Transformation Incentive Plan
In November 2020, Lloyd’s launched the second phase of its ambitious Future at Lloyd’s strategy. Blueprint Two is a transformational
programme that will radically shift the market to a digital ecosystem, powered by data and technology – designed to deliver better value at
a lower cost for its customers.
The Committee considered how the remuneration framework could motivate and retain key roles that are critical to the successful
execution of the ambitious Blueprint Two programme and the sustainability of the Lloyd’s platform for the future. Against this background,
the Committee introduced a Transformation Incentive Plan. Feedback was sought with several market members as the plan was developed
and the details of the plan were shared with the Regulators.
91 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
2022 Transformation Incentive Plan – out-turn
The Remuneration Committee carefully considered achievement of 2022 performance against key lead and lag performance indicators, as
set out below. 2022 awards vested at 78% of maximum (2021: £nil award). Payment of vested awards will be made in three tranches in April
2023, April 2024 and April 2025.
2022 award lead indicators Underpin/lag indicators
Delivery of Blueprint Two interactive guide to the market, with The following underpin indicators were met in respect of 2022
workstream delivery plans tracked awards:
Strong progress on delivery of a credible work solution that can take — For 2022, Lloyd’s normalised (normalised for large risk and
CDR from iMRC, with CDR consultation complete and Gateway catastrophe loss) combined operating ratio (COR) did not exceed
contract signed
98.5% (2022: 91.5%); and
IMRC consultation complete, with key design questions approved by
— Lloyd’s key financial strength rating with Standard & Poor’s
Data Council
remains at a minimum of A+.
Enhanced and continued engagement with tech vendors
demonstrated throughout Transformation
Successful delivery of Sequence 1 of the DXC Build Contract, with
sequence 2 build complete and delivery scheduled
Sustained progress in relation to delivery of a credible solution for
DCOM, with version 1.5 delivered in Q4 2022. DA data strategy
created and socialised
2023 Transformation Incentive Plan award
For 2023, awards will be made under the Transformation Incentive Plan which will operate as follows:
— Awards will be made to selected participants, with a maximum value of 25% to 100% of base salary. Executive Directors will receive
a maximum award of 100% of salary.
— Performance metrics will be directly aligned to key progress metrics for Blueprint Two, based on lead indicators in processing,
technology and data standards, as set out below. Lead indicators will be underpinned by profitability and financial strength of the Lloyd’s
marketplace. As in 2022, vesting may be deferred by 12 months and the underpin tests reapplied in the following year in the event that
performance underpins are not met.
— Awards made in 2023 will be performance tested and vest following 31 December 2023. Payment of any vested awards will be made
in three tranches in the three years following the end of the performance period (April 2024, April 2025 and April 2026).
— Awards will be subject to Lloyd’s malus and clawback provisions, and the risk underpin adjustment applicable to the Lloyd’s
Incentive Plan.
2023 award – performance metrics
2023 award lead indicators Underpin/lag indicators
Early adopters program implemented for a minimum of 6 participants Awards will only vest subject to the following conditions being met:
Faster Claim Payment Adoption — At the end of the vesting year, Lloyd’s normalised (normalised for
Technology Vendor Adoption large risk and catastrophe loss) combined operating ratio (COR)
Central services cost reduction does not exceed 98.5%; and
Delivery of JSP sequences on time and to budget — Lloyd’s key financial strength rating with Standard & Poor’s
remains at a minimum of A+.
Deliver contractual agreements
Vesting may be deferred by 12 months and the underpin tests
reapplied in the following year in the event that performance
underpins are not met.
Pensions
The Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief of Markets receive a pension supplement of 15% of salary, which is in line
with the maximum pension contribution available to the wider workforce.
No other payments to the Executive Directors are pensionable. Their dependants are eligible for the payment of a lump sum in the event of
death in service.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 92

Report of the Remuneration Committee
continued
Annual remuneration report continued
Service contracts
The Executive Directors have rolling contracts with notice periods that will not exceed one year. The Chairman has a contract for three
years from appointment.
Appointment date Unexpired term as at 31 December 2022 Notice period
Bruce Carnegie-Brown 16 June 2022 2 years and 5 months 12 months
John Neal 15 October 2018 rolling 1 year 12 months
Burkhard Keese 1 April 2019 rolling 6 months 6 months
Patrick Tiernan 4 May 2021 rolling 6 months 6 months
The Chairman and the Executive Directors’ service contracts are kept available for inspection by Lloyd’s members at the Society’s
registered office.
External and working members are elected to Council, while Nominated members are appointed to Council, usually for a three-year period.
Members of the Board were appointed by Council with non-executive directors’ terms of office varying between one and three years.
These are not contractual arrangements and compensation is not paid if a member leaves early.
Additional disclosures
Ten-year Chief Executive Officer remuneration
Annual bonus award Market Award/LPP
CEO single figure of total as a percentage of maximum award as a percentage of
remuneration £000 opportunity maximum opportunity2
2022 John Neal 2,085 74% 25%
2021 John Neal 1,599 66% 100%
2020 John Neal 1,299 74% 0%
2019 John Neal 1,594 92% 38%
20181 John Neal 167 NA NA
20181 Inga Beale 1,304 75% 0%
2017 Inga Beale 1,304 76% 0%
2016 Inga Beale 1,525 75% 63%
2015 Inga Beale 1,531 81% 63%
2014 Inga Beale 1,494 74% 95%
2013 Richard Ward 1,795 75% 65%
1. Inga Beale stepped down on 13 October 2018 and John Neal took up the appointment on 15 October 2018. John Neal was not awarded a bonus in 2018 as his joining date was after the
date for eligibility.
2. For year on year comparison the Transformation Incentive Plan is excluded from the above table.
Percentage change in remuneration
The table below sets out details of the change in remuneration between 2021 and 2022, and between 2020 and 2021.
2020 – 2021 2021 – 2022
Salary/Fees Benefits1 Bonus Salary/Fees Benefits1 Bonus
Chief Executive remuneration 2% (65)% 1% 5% (31)% 19%
Chief Financial Officer remuneration2 4% 14% (39)% 16% (2)% 16%
Chief of Markets remuneration3 100% 100% 100% 51% (53)% 6%
Non-Executive Council member remuneration (average) (15)% 196% NA 4% 132% NA
Average of all Society employees 2% 2% 0% 3% 3% 3%
1. Benefits largely relate to travel expenses (including tax thereon) and other employment related expenses, which may fluctuate between periods.
2. In 2022 the Chief Financial Officer took on the additional role of Chief Operating Officer, resulting in an increase in salary. With effect from 14 March 2023, a Chief Operating Officer
was appointed, taking over responsibilities from the Chief Financial Officer.
3. The Chief of Markets was appointed on 4 May 2021, therefore the salary during the comparative period is pro-rated.
93 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Relative importance of spend on pay
2022 2021 %
£m £m change
Corporation operating income 412 372 11%
Total remuneration – all employees 172 166 3%
Corporation operating income excludes income relating to the Central Fund.
Remuneration for the Chairman and members of the Council who are not employees of
the Society
The current Chairman, Bruce Carnegie-Brown, was appointed on 15 June 2017. In June 2022, the Council and Nominations & Governance
Committee approved his reappointment for a third term of three years running to June 2025. The Chair fee is £665,000 with effect from
1 June 2022.
In accordance with Lloyd’s constitutional arrangements, the fees for members of the Council who are not employees of the Society are a
matter for the Council on the recommendation of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer. The level of fees reflects the time
commitment and responsibility of the role.
With effect from 1 June 2020, a revised fee structure came into effect when the Board merged into the Council. The revised fee structure
brought Council member fees into line with the fees previously payable to Board members, in recognition of the increase in responsibilities
and time commitment. Additional fees are payable over and above the standard Council member’s fee of £62,500, in respect of the Deputy
Chair and Senior Independent Director. Additional fees are also payable in respect of Chair and membership of a number of Council
committees, including ad-hoc committees established to consider specific issues requiring a significant time commitment.
Non-Executive Council members do not participate in performance related reward.
Details of the Remuneration Committee, advisers to the Committee and their fees
Within the policy for remuneration approved by the Council, the Remuneration Committee is responsible for setting the total individual
remuneration package for the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, each Executive Director, any other senior direct reports of the Chief
Executive Officer and such other members of the executive management (including those designated as Solvency II staff for remuneration
purposes, and individual consultants) as it is designated to consider.
As at 31 December 2022, the Remuneration Committee comprised five members – four members of the Council and the Chair. The
Committee was chaired by Fiona Luck (a Nominated member of Council), who has been a member of the Remuneration Committee since
2018 and Remuneration Committee Chair since 1 November 2021.
The Remuneration Committee met eight times in 2022. The attendance record is set out in the Corporate Governance Report on page 71.
The Committee’s terms of reference are available on www.lloyds.com and on request from the Secretary to the Council.
The Remuneration Committee was assisted by its remuneration consultants, Deloitte LLP, who adhere to the Code of Conduct for
executive remuneration consultants. Deloitte LLP was appointed by the Remuneration Committee and their services are periodically
reviewed by the Committee to ensure that these remain relevant and provide the assistance required. Deloitte LLP adheres to working
practices that have been agreed with the Remuneration Committee Chair, for the purpose of maintaining independence, and the
Committee is satisfied that the advice received from Deloitte LLP was objective and independent. Total fees paid in respect of advice and
services to assist the Remuneration Committee amounted to £111,600 for the year (2021: £146,720) and are determined by the scope of the
services and the services agreement. Deloitte LLP also provided other services to the Society during the year including the co-sourced
Internal Audit resource; data and technology Transformation advisory services; forensic advisory, reporting and regulatory support and
specialist and tax advisory services.
At the request of the Remuneration Committee, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief People Officer regularly attend Remuneration
Committee meetings. Other senior Executives, for example, the Chief Risk Officer, are invited to attend for specific agenda items from time
to time.
Neither the Chairman, nor the Executive Directors, nor any other Director, plays a part in any discussion about his or her own remuneration.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 94

Report of the Remuneration Committee
continued
Compliance with UK Corporate Governance Code 2018
Use of discretion
The extent to which discretion has been applied to remuneration outcomes and the reasons why they are not disclosed is a departure
from Provision 41 of the Code. The possible risk with this approach is that the use of discretion cannot be assessed in the way envisaged
by the Code. However, the Remuneration Report explains that a discretionary risk underpin applies to incentive out-turns and sets out if a
downward risk underpin has been applied when such a decision is made. The Remuneration Report also details the circumstances where
the Committee retains the discretion to apply malus or clawback to awards. In addition, in accordance with Part 3 of the Constitutional
Arrangements Byelaw (No. 2 of 2010), the Society’s Directors are required to exercise independent judgement and act in good faith to
promote the success of the Society having regard to a number of factors, including (but not limited to) the likely consequences of the
decision in the long term and the need for the Society to have regard to the interests of its employees. Therefore, it is not considered
appropriate to incorporate the extent to which discretion has been applied to the remuneration outcomes and the reasons why, within
the Remuneration Report over and above that already covered.
Provision 40 and 41
The Remuneration Report contains clear and concise information with sufficient detail contained overall within the Remuneration Report to
give external stakeholders a good understanding on how executive director remuneration policy and practices are determined. It is
considered that the inclusion of descriptions following specific wording from Provision 40 could potentially duplicate and dilute the
information contained within the report. Therefore, a description (with examples) of how the Remuneration Committee has addressed the
factors in Provision 40 of the Code are not incorporated in the Remuneration Report under the specific headings identified in the Code and
this is a departure from Provision 41 of the Code. The risk of this approach is that the descriptions are not presented in the way envisaged
by the Code. However, as set out above, the Remuneration Report contains clear and concise information that achieves the overall
objectives envisaged by the Code.
Lloyd’s is not subject to the directors’ remuneration reporting regulations for UK-listed companies, and therefore is not required to publish
CEO and Executive Director to employee pay ratios (and this is a departure from Provision 41 of the Code). However, the Committee
reviews and considers gender and ethnicity pay gaps, as explained in both this report and the Strategic Report.
Remuneration policy
The Society is not required to comply with the directors’ remuneration reporting regulations, including the requirement for a binding
remuneration policy for Executive Directors, as these only apply to UK-listed companies. Nonetheless, in line with good practice, this
part of the report sets out the key features of the Society’s remuneration policy. Note that this is in a shortened format compared with
the regulatory requirements. The policy is not legally binding, and the Committee reserves the right to amend the policy at any time.
Council approves the Remuneration Policy rather than any shareholders because the Society does not have shareholders (this is a
departure from Provision 41 of the Code). Elected representatives sit on Council and therefore engagement is undertaken with external
stakeholders when remuneration discussions come before Council.
95 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Remuneration policy
Base salary — Salaries set to appropriately recognise responsibilities and must be broadly market competitive.
— Generally reviewed annually by the Remuneration Committee.
— No maximum salary increase; however, any increases will generally reflect the approach to all
employee salary increases. Exceptions, in certain circumstances, may be made, for example to
reflect a new appointment, change in role/adoption of additional responsibilities, changes to
market practice or the development of the individual in the role.
Lloyd’s Individual Performance measures
Incentive performance — Individual Performance Awards paid by reference to performance against a balanced scorecard of
Plan award strategic objectives and KPIs during the year.
(annual bonus)
— Individual awards are subject to a risk underpin. The Committee will assess performance against
Society risk and compliance metrics and may apply a downward adjustment, where appropriate.
Maximum
— Current individual maximums are 100% of salary for Executive Directors.
Operation
— For Executive Directors, 40% of the total Lloyd’s Incentive Plan award will be deferred for three
years and paid in April of the fourth financial year following the end of the performance period.
— The Committee may apply malus and clawback to individual awards (see below).
Market Award Performance measures
(formerly LPP) — Market Awards directly linked to Lloyd’s market profitability in the year, subject to a minimum
threshold of £500m. Market Awards are subject to the achievement of profit before tax and
combined operating ratio metrics.
— Market Awards are subject to a risk underpin. The Committee will assess performance against
market-based risk and compliance metrics and may apply a downward adjustment, where
appropriate.
— The Market element is also subject to individual performance.
Maximum
— Current individual maximums are 50% of salary for Executive Directors.
Operation
— For Executive Directors, 40% of the total Lloyd’s Incentive Plan award will be deferred for three
years and paid in April of the fourth financial year following the end of the performance period.
— The Committee may apply malus and clawback to Market Awards (see below).
Transformation Performance measures
Incentive Plan — Awards are made to a group of key roles who have a material impact on the development and
execution of the Future at Lloyd’s strategy. Performance metrics are directly aligned to the
success of the Blueprint Two programme.
— Lead indicators will be underpinned by profitability and financial strength of the Lloyd’s
marketplace. Vesting may be deferred by 12 months and the underpin tests reapplied in the
following year in the event that performance underpins are not met.
Maximum
— Current individual maximum awards are 100% of salary for Executive Directors.
— Awards may be made in 2023 and will be performance tested and vest following 31 December
2023 respectively.
— Payment of any vested awards will be made in three tranches in the three years following the end
of the performance period, subject to employment at the time of vesting.
— Awards will be subject to Lloyd’s malus and clawback provisions, and the risk underpin adjustment
applicable to the Lloyd’s Incentive Plan.
Pension — Executive Directors will receive a pension contribution of 15% of salary.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 96

Report of the Remuneration Committee
continued
Remuneration policy continued
Benefits — Benefits may include private medical insurance, life insurance and a season ticket loan facility.
— Relocation benefits may be offered in certain circumstances.
— Executive Directors receive a benefits cash allowance of 3% of salary.
Approach to The following broad principles would apply when agreeing the components of a remuneration package upon the
remuneration recruitment of a new Executive Director:
on recruitment
— Any package will be sufficient to attract Executive Directors of the calibre required to deliver Lloyd’s strategic
priorities.
— Typically, the individual will be transitioned onto an ongoing remuneration package that is in line with the
remuneration policy above.
— The Committee may, on appointing an Executive Director, need buy-out terms or remuneration arrangements
forfeited on leaving a previous employer. The terms of any buy-out would be determined taking into account the
terms of the forfeited awards and the overriding principle will be that any replacement buy-out award should be
of comparable commercial value to the awards that have been forfeited with comparable time horizons.
— The Committee retains the flexibility to make additional awards for the purpose of recruitment where there is a
strong rationale to do so.
— Where an Executive Director is appointed from within the organisation, the normal policy is that any legacy
arrangements would be honoured in line with the original terms and conditions.
Approach to The following broad principles would apply when determining the termination arrangements for an Executive
remuneration on Director:
termination
— If an Executive Director works out his or her notice period, he or she will be entitled to payment as normal
during the period of notice. Alternatively, the Society reserves the right to terminate the employment by making
a payment in lieu of notice.
— In these circumstances, the Society’s policy is that the outgoing employee would be entitled to receive an
amount equal to base salary only in respect of his or her notice period. The sum may be paid in monthly
instalments at the Society’s discretion and may be reduced to reflect alternative income.
— If an Executive Director is under notice of termination on or before the date on which an Individual Performance
Award or Market Award would otherwise have been paid, the award will generally be forfeit, other than in
certain ‘good leaver’ circumstances. ‘Good leaver’ circumstances include death; disability; ill-health; redundancy;
retirement and any other reason at the Remuneration Committee’s discretion (excluding gross misconduct).
Where any payment is made, this would be based on performance, with payments made in line with normal time
horizons under the plan rules (except in the case of death). In relation to any award in respect of the financial
year during which notice of termination was served, the award would also normally be pro-rated for time.
— If an Executive Director leaves the Society’s employment on or before the date on which a Transformation
Incentive award would otherwise have been paid, they will be entitled to that award, provided that they were in
employment at the date the Transformation Incentive award vested.
Malus and clawback
For incentive awards in respect of 2014 and subsequent years, malus and clawback provisions apply.
Malus may be applied prior to payment including any deferral period. For senior employees (excluding the Chief Executive Officer) the
circumstances in which malus may be applied are employee misconduct, material financial misstatement for which the employee was
responsible, or deliberate or negligent failure in risk management for which the employee was responsible. In addition, the Committee
retains the discretion to clawback awards for a period of six years from the date of award. The circumstances in which clawback may be
applied are serious employee misconduct, material financial misstatement for which the employee was responsible, or deliberate failure in
risk management for which the employee was responsible.
For the Chief Executive Officer, the circumstances in which malus and clawback may be applied are broader and include, but are not
limited to, employee misconduct or the performance indicators relied on by the Committee being found to be materially different to those
previously considered by the Committee (whether or not involving any culpability on the part of the individual), or deliberate or negligent
failure in risk management for which the Chief Executive Officer was solely or in part responsible. The clawback period is indefinite for the
Chief Executive Officer.
97 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Report of the Audit Committee
Statement by Chair of Audit Committee Committee member attendance in 2022, biographical details and
experience of the members of the Committee and its reports to the
I am pleased to present the Report of the Audit Committee (the
Council are explained in the Audit Committee paragraph in the
‘Committee’) for the year ended 31 December 2022. The report
Corporate Governance Report and at www.lloyds.com/about-
explains the work of the Committee during the year and the key role
lloyds/governance-and-management/council-of-lloyds.
played by the Committee in overseeing the integrity of the Society’s
financial reporting and internal control environment. The report The Chair of the Committee meets informally with and has open
comprises the following sections: lines of communication with the Executive Committee, Head of
Internal Audit, external auditors and senior management to discuss
— Composition of the Committee
topical issues and the operations of the Society. These meetings
— Responsibilities of the Committee provide an opportunity for any matters to be raised confidentially.
— Primary activities and 2022 key areas of focus during the year
The Committee received appropriate technical updates and
— Financial reporting and external audit presentations throughout the year on financial reporting, accounting
— Internal control policy and regulatory developments.
— Internal Audit.
Responsibilities of the Audit Committee
Our principal aim is to assist the Council in discharging its
responsibilities for monitoring the integrity of the Society’s financial The Committee is a committee of the Council.
reporting, assessing the effectiveness of the systems of internal The Committee:
control of the Society and monitoring the effectiveness,
independence and objectivity of the internal and external auditors. — Has responsibility for overseeing the Society’s system of internal
control, including financial reporting control and for reviewing its
The terms of reference of the Committee can be found on effectiveness:
www.lloyds.com.
— The Committee ensures that a bi-annual report on the financial
controls and an annual internal control report is undertaken.
— The Committee is responsible for ensuring that the Internal
Audit team has the appropriate resources and budget, for
Angela Crawford-Ingle
approving the appointment and reappointment of the external
Chair, Audit Committee
auditors, and for overseeing the effectiveness of the
22 March 2023
interactions with the external auditors.
— The Committee reviews reports from the internal and external
Composition of the Audit Committee
auditors on aspects of internal control and appropriate action
The Committee’s members are drawn from the Council and is is taken in response.
chaired by a nominated member of the Council, Angela Crawford- — Has a primary role to assist the Council in fulfilling its oversight
Ingle. At the end of 2022, the Audit Committee comprised of three responsibilities over financial reporting. The Committee’s
independent nominated members of the Council and two external functions in 2022 included providing oversight of the Society
members of the Council. The Chair of the Audit Committee is Report (which includes the Group financial statements of the
also a member of the Risk Committee and the Chair of the Risk Society1) and the annual and interim Pro Forma Financial
Committee is a member of the Audit Committee. Reports on Statements (PFFS2), the Aggregate Accounts and the Lloyd’s
the activities of the Risk Committee are provided to the Audit Solvency and Financial Condition Report to the PRA.
Committee, as required. When relevant, the two Committees meet
— Has a role to ensure that appropriate arrangements are in place
together. The arrangements in place enhance the collaboration
by which employees may, in confidence, raise concerns relating
between the two committees as some responsibilities can overlap
to possible impropriety relating to the Society, in matters of
and impact on the other’s work.
financial reporting or other matters. The Chair of the Committee
The Council requires the Committee to operate effectively and is also the Whistleblowers’ Champion and has responsibility for
efficiently and its members to have a balance of skills and ensuring the integrity, independence and effectiveness of Lloyd’s
experience to enable it to fulfil its responsibilities in a robust and policies and procedures for whistleblowing.
independent manner. Members of the Committee have varied and
extensive experience as executives/non-executives in international
insurance, reinsurance and asset management sectors, as well as
audit, risk and prudential regulation.
The Council has determined that, by virtue of their professional
backgrounds, the members of the Committee collectively have the
competence and skills required to discharge the responsibilities of
the Committee as set out in its terms of reference. In addition, the
Council consider that Angela Crawford-Ingle has the recent and
relevant financial experience required to Chair the Committee.
1. Please refer to note 1 to the financial statements for the definition of Group financial
statements of the Society.
2. The PFFS are an aggregation of the audited financial information reported in syndicate
returns and annual accounts (Aggregate Accounts), members' funds at Lloyd's (FAL)
and the audited Group financial statetments of the Society of Lloyd's.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 98

Report of the Audit Committee
continued
Audit Committee primary activities and — Reserving and inflation: The Committee received presentations
2022 key areas of focus from the Chief Actuary on reserves (some as part of joint
sessions with the Risk Committee), including areas of uncertainty
The Committee had oversight of:
regarding Ukraine and inflation and were satisfied with the
— ensuring that the Strategic Report, the Society Report (which amounts established.
includes the Group financial statements of the Society) and the — International Financial Reporting: The Committee received
PFFS (hereinafter referred to as ‘Lloyd’s Annual Report’ where regular updates from the International Finance Officer, including
appropriate) when taken as a whole, is fair, balanced and where international law requires local jurisdictions to comply with
understandable; IFRS 17.
— the key themes, structure and integrity of the interim and annual — Internal Audit: During 2022, 19 audits were undertaken by Internal
reports, including the PFFS; Audit. Themes from the 2022 activity included: Global Network
— the review of the appropriateness of significant accounting Oversight,; Future at Lloyd’s; and implementation of the new
estimates and judgements; oversight principles.
— the effectiveness and independence of the external auditors; In addition to the delivery of the 2022 Plan, Internal Audit
undertook actions in line with recommendations from the
— the appointment/reappointment or removal of the external auditors;
External Quality Assessment (EQA), providing updates to the
— the fees of the external auditors; Committee to report on the progress made. Internal Audit also
— the Society’s relationship with the external auditors; undertook a review of the Lloyd’s Annual Whistleblowing Report
(September 2021) and supporting documentation (including the
— the effectiveness of the internal control framework, including
Whistleblowing Policy and its replacement with the Consolidated
financial reporting control;
Compliance Policy, Whistleblowing Procedures, and relevant
— the effectiveness of systems and controls in relation to
management reporting) to support the second attestation made
whistleblowing; and
to the PRA. Please refer to the Internal Control paragraph for
— the internal audit function. further information.
The Committee met eight times during the year. The key areas of — The review of the annual and interim PFFS and related
focus during the year are highlighted below: disclosures and the Aggregate Accounts (on the basis of
preparation as an aggregation of the Lloyd’s market results). The
— Audit Tender: A comprehensive audit tender process was
key areas of judgement were considered and supported by the
undertaken in 2022 for the 2023 year end (the previous tender
Committee, in approving the respective financial statements,
was completed in 2012 for the 2013 year end). Four firms were
specifically:
invited to participate in the tender, split evenly between the ‘Big 4’
and mid-tier insurance audit firms. Two firms moved forward in the (i) Management of the Reserve Margin for uncertainties:
process, which included the completion of a written response to a the PFFS include a central reserve margin, in addition to the
request for proposal (RFP), participation in partner interviews and reserves held by syndicates to reflect the uncertainties and
a presentation to the Audit Committee. Each firm was assessed challenges in estimating reserves at syndicate level due to
based on the following transparent and non-discriminatory the heightened economic pressure, geopolitical tensions
decision-making criteria: overall audit quality and service with the war in Ukraine and social inflation.
proposition; coordination and communication; additional value; and (ii) Notional investment return estimation on Funds at Lloyd’s
capability and competence of the lead partner, team and the firm. (FAL): notional investment return is estimated on Funds at
Appropriate steps were taken to create a level playing field given Lloyd’s, equivalent to the investment return an insurer would
the incumbent auditor was participating. The tender process was generate on the capital they hold to support their
concluded in July 2022, with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP being underwriting.
reappointed (please see below). The next required audit tender
(iii) Insurance contract liabilities and related reinsurance
will take place on or around 2032 in line with required practice, at
contracts: the reasonableness of key assumptions and
which point PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP will not be eligible to
methodology over the valuation of assets and liabilities.
participate in the re-tender.
(iv) Valuation of financial investments (including FAL): the basis
— Adoption of UK GAAP for Group financial reporting: The Group
upon which the reasonable fair valuation of financial
adopted UK GAAP for financial reporting on 1 January 2022 and
investments was determined and the methodology and
is more fully explained in note 3, Transition from IFRS to UK
assumptions supporting the notional investment return on
GAAP. The first external publication of the results applying this
FAL.
standard was for the interim results for the six months ended
30 June 2022. The Committee reviewed the Group’s UK GAAP (v) Provisions: any changes to the methodology and key
accounting policies and confirmed they were appropriate to use assumptions supporting the estimation of the material
in the financial statements. It considered the changes to policies provisions reported on the statement of financial position.
resulting from the change in reporting basis from IFRS to UK (vi) Estimation of net pension assets: the reasonableness and
GAAP. In addition, the Committee reviewed and approved the consistency of the key assumptions that impact the
changes to the 2021 comparative information. valuation of the net pension assets.
(vii) Capitalisation of software development costs and
prepayments: the approach and reasonableness supporting
the capitalisation and carrying value of such assets.
(viii) The basis of preparation of the PFFS.
99 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
— Viability statement and going concern: Consideration of the The questionnaires included assessment against the following
viability statement and the confirmation of the continuing status criteria:
of the Society as a going concern as part of the annual and
— Audit Scope and Planning, including communication and
interim reporting processes, which includes the impact from
feedback.
major claims in the Lloyd’s market. The Committee were
presented with the net asset, solvency and liquidity position — Audit Team, including composition, use of specialists and
to consider the assessment, including the stress testing understanding of Lloyd’s.
assessments undertaken. — Communication, including whether information was timely,
— Solvency II Pillar 3 reporting for the market and the Society: The effective and complete; and whether insights and points of
Committee reviewed the ongoing capital and solvency position of view were provided on a forward-looking basis.
the Society. They also considered the reporting requirements and — Independence, including information on compliance with
governance arrangements for Solvency II Pillar 3 reporting for independence requirements and safeguards in place to detect
both the market and the Society by reviewing and approving the any independence issues.
Solvency and Financial Condition Report (SFCR) and Regular
— Fees, including appropriateness given audit scope.
Supervisory Report (RSR) for the year ending 31 December 2021
for submission to the PRA. Feedback from the questionnaire was discussed by the Committee
and with the external auditors. The Head of Internal Audit, the Chair
— Tax strategy: The Committee recommended the approval of the
of the Committee and senior stakeholders identified actions and
Corporation’s Tax strategy to the Council which was approved.
held a working session to introduce stakeholders and collaborate
Please see https://www.lloyds.com/resources-and-services/tax-
on areas identified.
information.
— Key change and development areas: The Committee received The Committee oversees the engagement of the external auditors
updates on Blueprint Two, the Investment and Members’ for non-audit services. This includes having in place a policy to
Platform. govern the non-audit services that may be provided to the Society
by the external auditors and setting out the circumstances in which
Financial reporting and external audit the external auditors may be permitted to undertake non-audit
services. All non-audit services require approval from the
A key focus of the Committee is its work in assisting the Council in Committee and must be justified and, if appropriate, tendered
ensuring that the Lloyd’s Annual Report, when taken as a whole, is before approval. A breakdown of the fees paid to the external
fair, balanced and understandable. The Committee has considered auditors for non-audit work is set out in note 11(b) to the Society
the key messages being communicated in the Annual Report, as financial statements (within the Society Report). Significant non-
well as the information provided to the Committee throughout audit engagements undertaken by the external auditors in 2022
the year. The Committee, having completed its review, has include services pursuant to legislation (work undertaken on the
recommended to the Council that, when taken as a whole, the Aggregate Accounts and regulatory returns) and non-audit services
2022 Strategic Report, Society Report (which includes the Group (the PFFS).
financial statements of the Society) and PFFS is fair, balanced and
The Committee receives a regular report on engagements
understandable and provides the information necessary to assess
undertaken by the external auditors in order to monitor the types
the Society’s position and performance, business model and
of services provided and the fees incurred and to ensure they do
strategy.
not impair the ongoing independence and objectivity of the external
During the year, the Committee has continued to keep abreast audit. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP operate a rotation system of
of any significant and emerging accounting developments. the lead auditor partner after five years. The external auditors
have confirmed to the Committee that it believes that it remains
The Committee places great importance on the quality,
independent within the meaning of the applicable regulations and
effectiveness and independence of the external audit process and
professional standards.
monitors and reviews the objectivity and independence of the
external auditors. The Committee also monitors the Society’s The Committee has primary oversight on the appointment,
relationship with its external auditor. reappointment or removal of the external auditor and the audit
fee payable.
The Committee assesses the effectiveness of the external auditors
on an ongoing basis throughout the year during Committee In May 2022, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP were reappointed as
meetings and private sessions with external audit (without the the auditors of the Aggregate Accounts at the Society’s AGM.
Executive Committee in attendance). The Committee receives
In July 2022, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP were reappointed (and
reports from external audit as appropriate, including any particular
will continue in their role) as auditors for the Society. In accordance
matters for consideration. Please refer to the Audit Committee
with the Insurance Accounts Directive (Lloyd’s Syndicate and
paragraph within the Corporate Governance Report, on page 76 for
Aggregate Accounts) Regulations 2008, a resolution will be tabled
further information on who attends Audit Committee meetings. The
at the 2023 AGM to reappoint PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the
external audit partner also holds meetings with the Chair of the
auditor for the Aggregate Accounts. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Audit Committee, as appropriate.
will audit all group entities, including the audit for Centrewrite
The Committee performs a specific annual evaluation on the Limited, Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A. (Lloyd’s Brussels and
performance of the external auditors, through questionnaires that Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited (Lloyd’s China)).
are completed by members of the Committee, the Executive and The Committee approved the fees proposed by the external
the Executive Leadership (on behalf of their teams). auditors for 2022 following the Audit Tender process and
consideration by management.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 100

Report of the Audit Committee
continued
Financial reporting and external audit Internal Control
continued
The Council has responsibility for the Society’s system of internal
Overall, the Committee is satisfied with the performance of the control and for reviewing its effectiveness. The Council has
Society’s external auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. The delegated responsibility to the Audit Committee for reviewing the
Committee has concluded that there has been appropriate focus effectiveness of the system of internal control and monitoring the
by the external auditor and that the external auditor has provided risk and internal controls framework of the Society. The Internal
robust challenge throughout the audit process. Control system is designed to reduce, rather than eliminate, the
risk of failure to achieve business objectives and can only provide
Internal Audit reasonable, but not absolute, assurance against material
misstatement or loss.
The Internal Audit function provides the Committee and Executive
On behalf of the Council, the Committee ensures a bi-annual
Committee with independent and objective assurance on the
assessment of the effectiveness of the internal controls over
effectiveness of internal control and risk management across the
financial reporting takes place and is reviewed by the Committee.
Society and its subsidiaries. The Head of Internal Audit has a direct
This is undertaken in conjunction with year-end and interim
reporting line to the Chair of the Committee with an administrative
reporting. The adequacy of the Group’s overall risk management
reporting line to the Chief Executive Officer. The use of the Internal
and control arrangements is co-ordinated by Risk Management.
Audit is governed by the Audit Charter, which sets out the authority,
scope and remit of the Internal Audit function. Reporting on the broader control environment is provided by
delivery of an approved Internal Audit plan comprised of risk-based
Internal Audit submits a risk-based annual plan of work for the
internal audit reviews performed across the business with the
Committee’s review and approval. This considers an independent
outcomes being reported to management, the Executive Committee
view of the risks facing the Corporation, as well as other factors
and to the Audit Committee. The independent, objective assurance
such as strategic initiatives, emerging risks and change. The annual
services performed by Internal Audit are designed to improve the
plan is regularly reviewed by the Committee and updated as
organisation’s operations.
necessary to ensure appropriate focus on the key risks. For 2022,
the Committee was satisfied that appropriate resources were Internal Audit co-ordinate the reporting on the effectiveness of
in place. the control environment to the Committee. Internal Audit complete
an annual Control Opinion that provides an assessment of the
Internal Audit’s remit only extends to the Society of Lloyd’s and,
control environment based on prior Internal Audit reviews, regular
as such, it does not undertake internal audit reviews of market
interactions with both management and the Risk Management
participants. However, given the Corporation’s role in providing
function and interactions with other stakeholders, including the
market oversight activity, Internal Audit does undertake reviews
of the mechanisms in place to ensure this oversight is both Corporation’s external auditors, regulators, the bi-annual financial
appropriate and proportionate. This includes regular reviews of assessment, and the Risk Management assessment.
the approach taken by the market’s oversight function in its close Reports and updates on control issues were received throughout
and continuous monitoring of syndicates, other oversight activities the year. The Committee reviewed:
(such as ad-hoc and thematic reviews), and the role of the Capital &
— Internal Audit reports and the actions taken to implement the
Planning Group (CPG) and the annual business planning/capital
recommendations made in the reports and the status of progress
return approval cycles.
against previously agreed actions.
The Committee satisfies itself as to the quality, experience and
— Internal Audit’s Internal 2022 Control Opinion (‘Control Opinion’)
expertise of the Internal Audit function through regular interaction
which concluded that the control framework is adequately
with the Head of Internal Audit and by way of ongoing assessment
designed and operating to provide reasonable assurance that
by stakeholders who have been subject to an internal audit. The
the key risks are managed appropriately. The key observations
results of the ongoing assessment are shared with the Chair of
were that:
the Audit Committee and shared with the Committee periodically,
as appropriate. (i) No material issues have been noted by Internal Audit during
2022.
An annual evaluation of Internal Audit is undertaken through the
Committee completing a questionnaire, with the results presented
(ii) Enhancements to the overall Risk and Control framework
have been made, notably around senior engagement,
to the Committee and discussed.
attestation to key controls, use of the Risk and Control Self
In accordance with best practice, Internal Audit is also subject to Assessment (RCSA) maturity scores and increased
an External Quality Assessment (EQA) at least every five years. integrated assurance across the second and third line of
The last EQA took place in 2021 and concluded that Internal Audit defence. There are opportunities for improvement as the
‘generally conforms’ with the Chartered Institute of Internal Auditors framework is further integrated into the organisation. For
International Professional Practices Framework (IPPF) Standards example, the level of supporting information provided by
and Code of Ethics (the Standards). business units during the attestation process could be
While Internal Audit relies on co-sourced support, it has increased developed.
its internal technical skills, with a major focus during 2022 on
onboarding and embedding an in-house audit function. The
Committee concluded that Internal Audit has the skills and
resources needed to complete the Internal Audit plan.
101 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
(iii) IT and Operational Controls continue to be an area of focus.
The controls are operating to a required standard but rely
on legacy technologies which are being updated. When a
potential IT network incident was suspected in October,
a precautionary decision was made to turn off all external
connectivity and reset the network and systems.
The Society acted swiftly and appropriately in the
circumstances. Investigations found no evidence that
the network and systems had been compromised. The
suspected incident allowed the Society to identify areas of
refinement, including the strengthening of communication
with market participants.
In 2023, as part of the Internal Audit Plan, Internal Audit will
review the RCSA Process (to test the continued maturity of
the framework) and have planned activity for Cyber Security
and Resilience, Data Protection and Change Framework.
— The external auditors’ controls observations and findings report
in respect of the year ended 31 December 2021 Society audit.
— An annual report on the effectiveness and operation of the
Society’s whistleblowing systems and controls (with Council
being provided with a copy for information). Systems and controls
include having a whistleblowing policy (which is now part of the
Lloyd’s Consolidated Compliance Policy and Procedure) and
appropriate channels in place (eg. Whistleblowing helpline and
web reporting provider) to ensure employees may, in confidence,
raise concerns as detailed above.
The Financial Crime and Compliance Department is responsible
for overseeing the whistleblowing controls. The Whistleblowing
Escalation Group (WEG) support the procedures in place, with
the Head of Financial Crime and Compliance being a member.
The Committee received quarterly updates on whistleblowing
throughout the year explaining developments and enhancements
to the ‘arrangements’, such as testing, training and awareness.
The updates were provided by the Head of Financial Crime and
Compliance, providing Committee members with an opportunity
to ask questions.
The second attestation in connection with whistleblowing
systems and controls was provided to the PRA on 31 March
2022, supported by an audit assessing the arrangements to be
effective.
Based on the Committee’s assessment of internal control, the
Committee concluded that the Society’s system of internal control
continues to provide reasonable (although not absolute) assurance
against material misstatement or loss.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 102

Report of the Lloyd’s
Members’ Ombudsman
Report by Simon Cooper, Lloyd’s
Members’ Ombudsman
I am pleased to present the Annual Report of the Lloyd’s Members’
Ombudsman to the Council of Lloyd’s for the year ended
31 December 2022.
The role of the Lloyd’s Members’ Ombudsman is to investigate
complaints made by members of Lloyd’s who believe that they have
suffered injustice in consequence of maladministration in relation to
any action taken by, or on behalf of, the Society.
Complaints received
During 2022, I dealt with two complaints.
The first complaint had previously been referred to me during 2021.
I had investigated the complaint and, in May 2021, I had reported my
finding that the allegations of maladministration on the part of the
Society were not made out. In January 2022, the complainant asked
me to review my earlier decision, on the basis of new evidence
that had not been available when I first considered the complaint.
I considered this request and concluded that no material new
evidence had become available. I therefore declined the request
to review my earlier decision.
I reported on my investigation of the second complaint in December
2022. I concluded that the complainant had not suffered injustice
in consequence of action taken by, or on behalf of, the Society.
However, I made certain recommendations in relation to Lloyd’s
procedures for handling complaints relating to members’ agents
or managing agents.
Costs
The expenses incurred by my office amounted to £12,400.
1 03 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Report of the Risk Committee
Statement by Chair of the Risk Committee The Chair of the Committee meets informally and has open lines of
communication with the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Risk Officer
I am pleased to present the Report of the Risk Committee for the
and other members of the Executive Committee and senior
year ended 31 December 2022. The report explains the work of
management, to discuss topical issues and the operations and risk
the Committee during the year and the key role played by the
profile of the Society. These meetings provide an opportunity for
Committee in assisting the Council in its oversight duties in respect
any matters to be raised confidentially.
of managing the risk of the Corporation and in overseeing the
Lloyd’s market. The report comprises the following sections:
Responsibilities of the Risk Committee
— Composition of the Committee
The Risk Committee is a committee of the Council. The Committee:
— Responsibilities of the Committee
— Has primary responsibility for assisting the Council in overseeing
— Key areas of focus during the year
the processes undertaken by management to identify, evaluate
— Internal control
and mitigate, material risks to the objectives of Lloyd’s, including,
— Risk Management Framework but not limited to, the insurance risk, investment risk, credit risk,
liquidity risk, operational risks, regulatory risk in respect of the
Our principal aim is to assist the Council in discharging its
Corporation (including global offices), its insurance subsidiaries
responsibilities for overseeing the identification of, and control by,
and the aggregate market and thematic risks which could affect
the management of material risks to the objectives of Lloyd’s.
the Lloyd’s market or the Society as a whole.
This encompasses the processes undertaken by management to
identify, evaluate and mitigate the material risks to the objectives — Reviews management reports regarding oversight of any
including, but not limited to, insurance risk, investment risk, credit heightened or material risks, or any material breaches of risk
risk, liquidity risk, operational risk and regulatory risk. limits and the adequacy of proposed action. This includes the
Chief Risk Officer Report, Own Risk and Solvency Assessment
The terms of reference of the Risk Committee can be found on
(ORSA) and the Risk and Control Self-Assessment (RCSA).
www.lloyds.com.
— Reviews management’s assessment of emerging and strategic
risks, including climate change.
— Reviews, at least annually, the Society’s risk appetite and risk
limits and makes recommendations as to their appropriateness to
Neil Maidment
the Council. The Committee oversees the impact of sustainability
Chair, Risk Committee
and climate change on the Lloyd’s Risk Appetite Framework.
22 March 2023
— Reviews and annually recommends to the Council for approval
the ORSA report, which considers the current and future risk
Composition of the Risk Committee
profile.
The Committee is chaired by Neil Maidment, a Nominated member — Reviews and makes recommendations to the Council on the
of the Council. The Committee’s remaining members are drawn
appropriateness of the design and methodologies associated
from the Council. At the end of 2022, the Committee comprised of with the Lloyd’s Internal Model (LIM), including model changes,
three external members of the Council and four Non-Executive stress and scenario testing and the results of the independent
Nominated members of the Council. validation of the LIM.
The Chair of the Risk Committee is a member of the Audit — Reviews and makes recommendations to the Council regarding
Committee, and the Chair of the Audit Committee is a member of Lloyd’s regulatory and economic capital requirements.
the Risk Committee and updates from each committee are provided
— Reviews management’s proposals for the global risk management
as required. The arrangements in place enhance the collaboration
framework, policies and associated internal control and make
between the two committees.
recommendations as to its adoption or otherwise.
The Council requires the Committee to operate effectively — Reviews and approves the Corporation’s annual Risk Plan and
and efficiently and its members to have a balance of skills and monitors the progress against the plan respectively.
experience to enable it to fulfil its responsibilities in a robust and
— Reviews and approves the Corporation’s annual Financial Crime
independent manner. Members of the Committee have varied and
and Compliance Plan and monitors the progress against the plan
extensive commercial experience, including as executives in the
respectively. The Committee ensures that appropriate
international insurance, reinsurance and asset management
arrangements are in place to ensure that the Corporation’s
sectors, as well as audit and risk.
activities are in compliance with relevant laws and regulations.
Council has determined that, by virtue of their professional — Reviews and recommends to the Council for approval the Money
backgrounds, the members of the Committee collectively have the Laundering Reporting Officer’s (MLRO) Annual Report.
competence and skills required to discharge the responsibilities of
— Reviews the Corporation’s annual market oversight plan
the Committee, as set out in its terms of reference. In addition, the
determining the oversight of the market based on current and
Council consider that Neil Maidment has the recent and relevant
prospective risks.
experience required to Chair the Committee.
— Reviews and approves the CRO’s qualitative advice to the
Biographical details and experience of the current members of the
Remuneration Committee on risk weightings to be applied
Committee, members’ attendance at meetings in 2022 and the
to variable remuneration of senior management.
reports it makes to the Council are shown in the Risk Committee
paragraph in the Corporate Governance Report and at
www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance-and-
management/council-of-lloyds.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 104

Report of the Risk Committee
continued
Key areas of focus during the year Internal Control
The Committee met seven times during the year. The key areas of The Council has responsibility for the Society’s system of internal
focus during the year are highlighted below: control and for reviewing its effectiveness. The Council has
delegated to the Risk Committee the responsibility for monitoring
— Market oversight and performance: The Committee ensured that
the identification, and control by management, of material risks to
the new supervisory framework was implemented and embedded
the objectives of Lloyd’s. The Executive Committee is responsible
and that the performance of the market continued to improve
for the implementation and maintenance of the internal control
against risk appetite. The business planning process and ongoing
system and for instilling a strong internal control environment
uncertainty regarding COVID-19 and Ukraine continued to be
across the Society.
monitored.
— Future at Lloyd’s: The Committee ensured that the impacts the The internal control system provides the foundation for the safe and
Future at Lloyd’s workstreams have on Lloyd’s risk profile are sound operation of the business, ensuring compliance with relevant
well understood and execution risks associated with delivery laws and regulations and the safeguarding of assets. The system
are being managed, including the DXC Joint Venture to deliver is designed to reduce, rather than eliminate, the risk of failure to
achieve business objectives and can only provide reasonable, but
Blueprint Two services.
not absolute, assurance against material misstatement or loss.
— Cyber and data resilience: The Committee ensured management
had robust and high-quality oversight of Lloyd’s cyber and data Central to the internal control system is the ‘three lines of defence’
risks and associated controls in line with the Corporation’s risk model. Each person at the Society is part of the ‘three lines of
appetite. The Committee reviewed management’s response to an defence’, which protects the Society and its employees.
outage across the IT network, considered lesson learned reviews
— First Line – Front line business functions: responsible for
and delivery of mitigating action plans.
the operation of the business, owning the risk of carrying out
— Risk accountability: The Committee monitored management’s responsibilities correctly and for establishing, monitoring and
actions to embed enhancements to the risk framework and maintaining effective internal controls within their areas of
driving accountability for the management of risk across the responsibility, as well as adhering to firm-wide controls as set
business, through the RCSA process and ongoing management out in corporate policies and procedures such as the Risk
of incidents. The Committee considered the CRO report on Management and Internal Control Policy.
notable risk issues for the Remuneration Committee to make
— Second Line – Risk Management, Financial Crime and
any necessary adjustments to the variable remuneration of senior
Compliance: specialised and independent functions responsible
management.
for oversight, ensuring business is conducted correctly and
— Looking ahead: The Committee ensured management continued operating a framework that ensures risks are identified, assessed
to remain alert to external threats and prepare for potential and adequately managed in line with the Corporation’s risk
systemic risks by evaluating practical options for managing appetite.
risks such as inflation and climate.
— Third Line – Internal Audit: an independent assurance function
— Global risk framework: The Committee monitored the responsible for reviewing that business is conducted in
implementation of one risk framework across the Corporation accordance with relevant processes and controls (please
and its insurance subsidiaries. refer to the Audit Committee report for further information).
The Committee also considered its annual agenda items to satisfy The second and third line teams meet regularly and have open
its responsibilities. This included: lines of communication to discuss relevant matters. Control profile
reporting is provided to the Executive Risk Committee, Risk
— 2022 Regulatory and Economic Capital.
Committee and Audit Committee.
— Policy approvals, such as Risk Management and Internal Control
Policy and Compliance Policies.
— ORSA report, which included monitoring against risk appetite,
heightened risk updates, strategic and emerging risks, RCSA
conclusions, control failure reporting, and capital and solvency
updates.
At each meeting the Committee received a report from the CRO
summarising the key areas of risk and other significant updates.
1 05 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Risk Management Framework
In accordance with the guidance of the UK Corporate Governance Code on internal control and regulatory requirements, there is an
established Risk Management Framework that facilitates the ongoing process for identifying, evaluating and managing significant business,
operational, financial, compliance and other risks affecting the Society.
The Council manages exposure to these risks by setting and monitoring a Risk Appetite Framework – how much risk is acceptable and
what actions should be taken when appetites are exceeded.
The Risk Appetite Framework articulates the level of risk believed to be acceptable and desirable for the Society through a series of risk
appetite statements and metrics.
The framework starts with Lloyd’s purpose: Sharing risk to create a braver world. To deliver on this purpose, the Society sets three risk
objectives to be continuously met: a sustainability objective, a solvency objective, and an operational objective. These risk objectives reflect
the Council’s view of the acceptable risk faced by Lloyd’s and provide the three pillars of the risk appetite framework.
Within each pillar, there are several risk areas with metrics that define the amount of risk that the Council is willing to take. These metrics
represent the key elements that could result in the risk objectives not being achieved for the pillar.
The metrics are monitored on an ongoing basis and reported to the Risk Committee each quarter in the ORSA report alongside any get to
green actions if a threshold has been breached.
Sustainability Objective
Sustainability Lloyd’s strategy must deliver a sustainable business model
over the medium term.
Solvency Objective
Solvency Lloyd’s is not exposed to undue concentration and is able
to withstand an extreme event and trade forward.
Operational Objective
Operational Risk of operational and other events is managed to ensure
Lloyd’s maintains its strong reputation.
The Risk Management Framework includes several risk assessment techniques, which are tailored to specific risk areas. This includes
the ongoing risk and control self-assessment (RCSA) process to reassess existing risks and identify any new risks. A bi-annual RCSA
attestation process is in place where risk owners from the first line attest to the assessment of their risks and effectiveness of mitigating
controls, which is then reviewed by the second line of defence. There is a risk incident reporting process in place through which the
business can report material control failures and mitigating actions, these are escalated to the relevant governance forums as required.
The risk governance structure, which includes the Risk Committee, provides clear independent challenge to the risk takers within the
Society. A key objective of the Society’s risk governance structure is to provide assurance to the Council that risks facing the Society are
identified and managed in accordance with the approved policies and risk appetite. The Risk Committee oversees, challenges and, where
appropriate, escalates issues using management information from the Risk Management and Internal Control Frameworks, including via
reports such as the Own Risk and Solvency Assessment (ORSA), details of the operating and regulatory environment and capital
management reports.
Appropriate corporate policies and procedures are in place, with reviews being undertaken as appropriate in accordance with the Lloyd’s
Compliance Policy Framework and regulatory requirements.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 106

Financial Review
This review should be read in conjunction with the financial statements of the Society on pages 121 to 164 and the Strategic Report
on pages 4 to 18. The Strategic Report sets out the strategic priorities for both the Society and the Lloyd’s market as a whole.
Profit before tax
The Society achieved a profit before tax for the year of £124m (2021: £6m), as set out below:
2022 2021 (Restated)
Corporation Lloyd’s Society Corporation Lloyd’s Society
of Lloyd’s Central Fund total of Lloyd’s Central Fund total
£m £m £m £m £m £m
Technical account
Earned premiums, net of reinsurance – – – – – –
Other technical income 8 – 8 9 – 9
Claims incurred, net of reinsurance – – – – – –
Net operating income/(expenses) 22 – 22 (5) – (5)
Balance on the technical account
for general business 30 – 30 4 – 4
Non-technical account
Total investment return (22) (155) (177) (1) 79 78
Investment expenses and charges – (2) (2) – (4) (4)
Profit/(loss) on foreign exchange 10 231 241 8 (32) (24)
Non-technical income 334 157 491 307 143 450
Non-technical operating expenses (362) (97) (459) (402) (96) (498)
Profit/(loss) before tax (10) 134 124 (84) 90 6
The technical account represents the results of the Society’s insurance business carried out by its subsidiaries, Lloyd’s Europe and Lloyd’s
China, which is fully reinsured to the Lloyd’s syndicates. As a result, the net underwriting result (premiums less claims and related
expenses) is nil, except for the ceding commission earned by Lloyd’s Europe and China for their reinsurance to the Lloyd’s syndicates. The
balance on the technical account has increased largely because of lower expenditure on projects in Lloyd’s Europe and higher ceding
commission due to growth in reinsurance business ceded.
2021
2022 (Restated)
£m £m
Gross written premiums 3,227 2,732
Outward reinsurance premiums (3,227) (2,732)
Net written premiums – –
During 2022 there has been an increase in both gross written and earned premium in comparison to 2021. This is primarily driven by
increasing business volumes, mainly from continued growth in the Lloyd’s Europe portfolio, as well as the benefit of the strong rating
environment experienced across the non-life insurance market; this is consistent with the experience across the wider Lloyd’s market.
The gross loss ratio has increased to 84% from 52% in 2021. This increase is primarily driven by losses arising from the war in Ukraine and
the impact of the current inflationary environment, for which appropriate allowances have been made in estimating loss reserves in 2022.
The expense ratio has remained flat year-on-year, however, there has been an increase in acquisition expenses, in line with the growth in
premium, offset by lower administrative expenses.
The non-technical account performance is driven by investment returns, primarily from the Central Fund, as well as the core operations
of the Society in servicing and regulating the Lloyd’s market.
Non-technical income has increased as a result of the general growth in premiums written across the Lloyd’s market in 2022, as the
Society’s key revenue streams – subscriptions, Central Fund contributions and overseas operating charges – are driven by syndicate
premium and underwriting year premium growth. Non-technical operating expenses decreased primarily as a result of the decline in
expenditure on strategic projects as well as the benefit realised from the partial redemption of the subordinated notes. These were partly
offset by the impact of additional one-off costs incurred in 2022. During 2022 there was also a significant benefit to the result from foreign
exchange, as US dollars strengthened against sterling, arising from the investment portfolio which has a significant proportion of
instruments denominated in US dollars.
107 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Investment performance
2021
2022 (Restated)
£m £m
Investment income 30 91
Unrealised losses on financial assets (207) (13)
Total investment return (177) 78
The Society’s investments, mostly held within the Central Fund, generated an investment result of £58m or a return of +1.1% during 2022
(2021: £52m, +1.0%). Excluding exchange rate movements, the investment result was a loss of £177m, reflecting a return of -3.2% (2021:
£78m, +1.4%).
The Central Fund investment portfolio generated a positive return, including foreign exchange effects, of +1.6% benefiting from the
portfolio’s allocation to the US dollar. The Society’s currency policy, which aims to preserve the solvency strength of the Central Fund by
holding US dollars, resulted in gains from the US dollar strengthening against sterling over the year. Investment return is therefore higher
when including foreign exchange impacts. The Central Fund investment return excluding foreign exchange movements was down -4.6%.
The allocation to investment grade fixed income assets had an overall negative performance in 2022, as US Treasuries and UK Gilts both
suffered severe losses as Central Banks raised rates aggressively in the face of multi-decade highs in inflation. The movement in the rates
markets spilled over into equity, investment-grade and sub-investment grade markets with the MSCI World down -17%, and the US
corporate and high yield markets both down -15% in 2022.
2022 was an exceptionally turbulent year for risk assets, driven by heightened rate volatility, as Central Banks have taken action to contain
the increasing levels of inflation caused by supply chain disruption, the war in Ukraine and political uncertainty. The US Federal Reserve
raised rates by 425 basis points over the course of the year to 4.5%, at times at a pace of 75 basis points. The Bank of England, which
actually started increasing rates at the tail end of 2021, raised rates by 325 basis points to close the year at 3.5%. The pace of rate
increases caused a major re-pricing across all asset classes. Assets from investment grade fixed income bonds to equity markets
generated significant negative total returns, with long-duration assets the most affected. Specific to the United Kingdom, there was
extreme volatility in pounds sterling and UK Gilts over September as a result of the Government’s ‘fiscal event’.
Taxation
A tax charge of £26m (2021: tax credit of £1m) on profit before tax of £124m (2021: £6m) has been recognised in the profit and loss
account for the year ended 31 December 2022. A tax charge of £34m (2021: £4m) has been recognised in other comprehensive income.
Further details are set out in note 13.
Movement in net assets
2021
2022 (Restated)
£m £m
Net assets at 1 January 3,058 3,029
Profit for the year 98 7
Actuarial gain on pension schemes 150 76
Currency translation differences 30 (31)
Tax (charge)/credit on other comprehensive income (34) (4)
Interest paid on syndicate loans (19) (19)
Net assets at 31 December1 3,283 3,058
1. The net assets of the Central Fund are included within the above amounts and at 31 December 2022 were £3,083m (2021: £2,986m).
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 108

Financial Review
continued
Pension schemes
Lloyd’s pension scheme
On a UK GAAP basis, the Lloyd’s pension scheme valuation at 31 December 2022 was a surplus of £57m (2021: deficit of £102m) before
allowance for a deferred tax liability of £14m (2021: deferred tax asset of £26m).
The movement in the pension scheme during the year is summarised below: 2022 2021
£m £m
Pension deficit as at 1 January (102) (183)
Pension expense recognised in the Group profit and loss account (2) (3)
Employer contributions 11 11
Remeasurement effects recognised in the Group statement of other comprehensive income 150 73
Pension surplus/(deficit) as at 31 December 57 (102)
The Lloyd’s pension scheme has reported a surplus as at 31 December 2022. The deficit at 1 January 2022 has changed to a surplus mainly
due to an increase in corporate bond yields driving the discount rate, which has been partially offset by an increase in inflation and a lower
than expected return on assets during the year. Further details are provided in note 21, which includes the sensitivity of the valuation to
changes in these assumptions.
The triennial funding valuation as at 30 June 2019, undertaken by Willis Towers Watson, was completed during 2020. The total market
value of the Scheme’s assets at the date of the valuation was £810m and the total value of accrued liabilities was £889m, showing a
funding deficit of £79m. These figures exclude both liabilities and the related assets in respect of money purchase Additional Voluntary
Contributions (AVCs). A recovery plan, agreed by the Trustees, is in place. The most recent triennial valuation as at 30 June 2022 is
underway and expected to be completed during 2023.
Overseas pension schemes
The actuarial valuations of the overseas pension schemes at 31 December 2022 resulted in a deficit of £3m (2021: £4m). Further details are
provided in note 21.
Solvency
Total assets for solvency purposes are set out below. The 2022 position is an estimate of the amount which will be finalised in April 2023
alongside the 2022 Lloyd’s Solvency and Financial Condition Report. The figures are calculated on a Solvency II basis. The solvency figures
in the table below are unaudited:
2021
2022 (Restated)
£m £m
Central assets at 31 December 3,283 3,058
Subordinated debt 603 796
Total 3,886 3,854
Solvency valuation adjustments 1,678 1,348
Available central own funds to meet the Central Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) 5,564 5,202
Excess central own funds not eligible to meet the Central SCR – (347)
Eligible central own funds available to meet the Central SCR 5,564 4,855
Central SCR 1,350 1,250
Central solvency ratio 412% 388%
The Central SCR covers central risks of the Society. This includes the risk that members may have insufficient capital to meet their losses.
The Central SCR may be covered only by central eligible own funds of the Society.
The solvency valuation adjustments above include items such as valuation differences arising and assets being disallowed, due to the
valuation principles used in Solvency II. It also includes recognition of the callable layer, which may be taken from member level capital
to strengthen central resources.
The eligibility of assets to count towards the solvency coverage is also subject to tiering restrictions. All Tier 1 assets count fully towards
the solvency coverage assessment. However, Tier 2 and Tier 3 assets may only count up to a maximum of 50% of the SCR. The increase
in the Central SCR and the partial redemption of the subordinated notes has meant that Lloyd’s Tier 2 and 3 central capital did not exceed
50% of the SCR at 31 December 2022 (2021: exceeded by £347m).
Based on central own funds eligible to meet the Central SCR of £5.6bn (2021: £4.9bn), the estimated solvency ratio is 412% (2021: 388%).
In setting contribution levels, account is taken of the Central SCR to ensure that Lloyd’s is prudently, but competitively capitalised.
The central solvency ratio reported above is based on the solvency capital requirements (SCR), which have been calculated using the latest
approved version of the Lloyd’s Internal Model.
1 09 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Cash flows and liquidity Following approval by the Council and the Investment Committee
at the end of 2021, the allocation to growth assets in the Central
Cash and cash equivalents decreased during the year ended
Fund was increased to 17% from 10% over the course of the year.
31 December 2022 by £16m to £1,167m (2021: £1,183m). Cash
This represented a partial reversal of de-risking activity undertaken
balances are maintained at appropriate levels to meet the short-
in 2020. The Central Fund remains underweight in terms of
term operating expenses of the Society. Any surplus cash balances
investment risk versus its long-term average and risk tolerances.
are invested and are included as financial investments within the
The current asset mix of the Central Fund is 83% in core assets
Group balance sheet.
(cash + investment grade fixed income) and 17% in growth assets.
The Corporation’s free cash balances1 are regularly monitored. In 2022, the Council and the Investment Committee approved the
Free cash represents the amounts, both at bank and on deposit, introduction of private assets in the Central Fund and the first
held in the UK and available to the Corporation to meet operating tranches of the investment are expected to take place in 2023.
expenses, including those of overseas operations, excluding any
balances held in respect of insurance and arbitration activities. Free Financial risk management and treasury
cash balances at 31 December 2022 were £282m (2021: £268m). policies
The liquidity of the Central Fund is monitored separately.
Overview
Cash balances are managed to meet short-term operational
The Society’s principal financial instruments comprise cash and
commitments including the payment of drawdowns. Any surplus
cash equivalents, investments, borrowings and items that arise
cash balances are invested in compliance with defined investment
directly from operations such as trade receivables and payables.
parameters approved by the Investment Committee.
These include assets and liabilities of the Central Fund.
Central Fund investment strategy The Society’s treasury operations and investments are managed by
reference to established policies that are reviewed regularly by the
Central Fund investment strategy is considered in three parts.
Investment Committee. Overall risk is managed within defined limits,
The role of the Central Fund, the third link in the chain of security, is specified by the Council. Policies for managing these risks, in
to support central solvency by adding an additional set of assets to particular credit risk, liquidity risk, interest risk, currency risk and
pay a member’s insurance liabilities in the unlikely event that market risk, are summarised below. The following financial risk
members’ Premium Trust Fund (PTF) and Funds at Lloyd’s (FAL) management objectives and policies and disclosures within note 21
have been exhausted. Acceptable levels of investment risk are are audited.
taken on to grow the value of the Central Fund in line with market
Credit risk
exposure.
Credit risk represents the risk of financial loss to the Society if
In order to achieve this objective, a proportion of assets is assigned a counterparty, or the issuer of a security, fails to meet its
to meet liquidity needs, based on a prudent estimate of net cash contractual obligations.
flows. These assets are commingled with other liquid assets of
Trade and other receivables
Society companies and invested in bank deposits and other short-
The Society has established procedures to minimise the risk of
term securities, with maturities of up to 12 months. The objective
default by trade and other receivables, which are mainly in respect
is to optimise income, for a low level of risk, while ensuring that all
of the Lloyd’s market, the main source of income. These procedures
cash flow requirements are met as they fall due.
include minimum checks for new market entrants.
A majority of assets are invested in fixed interest securities
Financial investments
of a high credit quality and typically medium-term maturities.
A list of permissible bank counterparties, for the purposes of
The financial risk exposures represented by subordinated debt
money-market investment, is maintained and restricted to banks
securities issued by the Society are considered when determining
having strong balance sheets and credit ratings. Investment
the disposition of fixed interest investments. The return objective is
parameters exist for all investment assets, controlling overall credit
to optimise investment return in the longer term while maintaining
quality and ensuring appropriate risk diversification. Permitted
overall financial risk within defined limits.
counterparties to capital market transactions are also carefully
A proportion of assets are invested in equities and other return controlled. All applicable parameters are reviewed regularly by the
seeking asset classes, also with an aim to optimise investment Investment Committee in accordance with the risk appetite set by
return in the longer term without exceeding defined risk tolerances. the Council.
These investments are diversified among different asset classes to
Insurance contract assets
help manage risk, and third-party investment managers are retained
Insurance contract assets are all recoverable from Lloyd’s
to manage these investments within clearly defined investment
syndicates. All syndicates benefit from the Lloyd’s chain of security,
parameters specified by the Society. Equity investments currently
therefore credit risk for insurance contract assets is concentrated
include global developed and emerging market equities.
with the Society of Lloyd’s. The Society monitors the underwriting
Investments in other growth assets include multi-asset credit.
profitability of syndicates by responding to the risk appetite of the
market, adjusting business planning for future years.
1. Free cash balances are a metric which is consistently used to analyse financial
performance in the Society Report. This metric (wherever used in the Annual Report)
is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM), with further information available on
page 168.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 110

Financial Review
continued
Liquidity risk Separately, the Society provides a Currency Conversion Service
The value and term of short-term assets are carefully monitored (CCS) to participating Lloyd’s syndicates, converting insurance
against those of the Society’s liabilities. The Society maintains premiums and claims between sterling and other Society settlement
sufficient liquid assets to meet liabilities as they fall due. currencies as required. Foreign exchange exposures arising from
the provision of the CCS are again managed on a net basis, within
The liquidity of the Central Fund is monitored separately. defined parameters. The CCS is operated separately from other
Cash balances are managed to meet short-term operational
foreign exchange activity of the Society because, under the terms
commitments, including the payment of drawdown. Any surplus
of the service, any profit (or loss) arising from CCS exposures is
cash balances are invested in compliance with defined investment distributed to (or collected from) syndicates participating in the
parameters approved by the Investment Committee, in accordance
CCS. Currency exposures arising from CCS activity consequently
with the risk appetite set by the Council.
do not, ultimately, represent significant risks to the Society.
The Society had no committed borrowing facilities as at The Society continues to closely monitor exposure to foreign
31 December 2022 (2021: none). Details of the amounts owed to
currency transactions, along with the use of forward foreign
credit institutions placed by the Society are included in note 24(b). exchange contracts to mitigate a portion of the investment
The Society has a strong free cash balance at 31 December 2022 exposure governed by Lloyd’s risk appetite. As a result of this
of £282m (2021: £268m), with additional holdings in short-term strategy, the Society has a significant US dollar exposure. As the
investments, making the Society’s liquidity very strong. US dollar strengthened against sterling, the Society recorded a gain
on foreign exchange of £241m, increasing the investment return for
The Society has not experienced any liquidity constraints or inability
the period.
to settle its obligations when due.
Interest rate risk
Market risk
Borrowings from the Lloyd’s market for the purpose of funding
Market risk represents the risk that movements in financial markets
statutory insurance deposits do not bear a fixed rate of interest.
will affect the financial position of the Society. Market risks arising
Instead, investment returns earned on the borrowed assets are
from the disposition of the Society’s investments are monitored passed on to lenders. Consequently, no interest rate risk arises
against defined parameters using Value at Risk methodology. on such borrowings.
The position is reviewed regularly by the Investment Committee. Short-term assets held by the Society may be significant at certain
Investments are actively monitored on a fair value basis and all times. These are invested in money market instruments of up to
investments are designated as fair value through profit or loss,
12 months duration with the objective of maximising current income
other than statutory insurance deposits and short-term and security
while meeting liquidity requirements.
deposits which are held at amortised cost.
Interest rate risk arising from the requirement to make fixed rate
As part of the strategy to mitigate these risks in relation to the
coupon payments in respect of the Society’s senior and
equity portfolio of investments, the Society has the ability to enter subordinated debt, and discretionary fixed rate coupon payments in
into equity futures hedges. respect of the Society syndicate loans, is considered in conjunction
The valuation of the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme requires significant with the market risk arising on the Society’s investments.
judgement and is significantly impacted by short-term market As part of the strategy to mitigate these risks, the Society has the
movements. In particular, the increase in market bond yields during
ability to enter into interest rate swap contracts.
the period has led to a decrease in the actuarial value of Scheme
liabilities at 31 December 2022. Further details, including sensitivity
Capital management
analysis, are included in note 21.
The Society monitors its capital to ensure that it maintains
Foreign currency risk
sufficient assets for both operational and solvency purposes.
The Society enters into a variety of foreign exchange transactions Further disclosures regarding financial instruments are provided in
in response to the foreign currency requirements of Society Group
note 15. Further details regarding solvency are given on page 109.
companies. In managing the exposures arising from such foreign
exchange activity, which may involve transactions for forward
Charitable expenditure
settlement, the net risk arising from all such exposures is
considered. Consequently, while some net foreign exchange Lloyd’s, including the Lloyd’s charities – Lloyd’s of London
exposures may accrue to the Society from time to time as a result Foundation (formerly Lloyd’s Charities Trust), Lloyd’s Patriotic
of this activity, the level of such exposures is carefully monitored Fund, Lloyd’s Benevolent Fund and Lloyd’s Tercentenary Research
and is not significant in the context of its activities. Foundation – made charitable donations of £1.9m in 2022 to help
people and communities become more resilient, sustainable and
Foreign currency exposures arising from overseas investments
inclusive. This includes £0.6m of charitable expenditure incurred
are considered together with any foreign currency liabilities of
by the Society.
the Society, as well as the underlying currency mix of the Central
Solvency Capital Requirement, of which a high proportion is US
dollar based. Net foreign currency exposures arising are managed
through the use of forward foreign exchange contracts.
1 11 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Related party transactions Going concern
Except for disclosures made in note 32, no related party had After making enquiries, the members of the Council consider
material transactions with the Society in 2022. it appropriate to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the
Society’s financial statements.
Going concern and viability statement
Statement as to disclosure of information
Assessment of prospects to auditors
The Lloyd’s business model and strategy are central to an
understanding of its prospects and details can be found on pages Having made enquiries, the Council confirms that:
9 to 16. The strategy is subject to ongoing monitoring and — to the best of each Council member’s knowledge and belief
development. there is no information relevant to the preparation of the Society
The prospects of the Lloyd’s market, including the Society, are Report of which the Society’s auditors are unaware; and
primarily assessed through the annual strategic review and planning — each Council member has taken all the steps a Council member
process. The output of the review is a strategic plan to deliver any might reasonably be expected to have taken to be aware of
recommendations. The review is led by the Chief Executive Officer relevant audit information and to establish that the Society’s
through the Executive Committee and all relevant departments are auditors are aware of that information.
involved. The Council participate fully in the process and part of
their role is to consider whether the strategic plan continues to take Outlook
appropriate account of the external environment and meets the
Central assets, which exclude subordinated liabilities, are expected
needs of the market.
to remain over £3bn in 2023. Following its meeting on 23 March
The review determines a set of medium-term targets, key 2023, the Council gave no Undertakings to corporate members to
performance indicators for the current year and activities to deliver use the New Central Fund to discharge the liability of members with
on those metrics. The latest strategic plan for 2023 was approved unpaid cash calls who do not have the resources to meet those
in December 2022 following completion of the latest review cycle. calls. There were also no Undertakings from previous years.
As part of the planning process financial assumptions for 2024 and
2025 were prepared for the Society and approved by the Council in Transition to UK GAAP
March 2023.
The Council have decided to move from IFRS to UK GAAP as it
Assessment of viability
considers it to be a more appropriate basis for financial reporting
The Council receives quarterly reports from the Risk Committee for the Society than IFRS. It has brought the basis of reporting in
on the key risks and risk appetites, including the Society’s own risk line with market reporting in the Pro Forma Financial Statements,
and solvency assessment as well as stress testing resilience to is widely recognised and understood by readers of accounts, and
severe yet plausible scenarios. The principal risks and material it improves the efficiency of the Society’s reporting processes.
uncertainties that would threaten the business model, future
performance, liquidity or solvency of the Lloyd’s market as a whole
are set out on pages 11 and 12. In addition, the financial statements
include notes on investment strategy, financial risk management,
treasury policies and sensitivity analysis.
The Lloyd’s capital structure is set out in the link provided on
page 170 and Lloyd’s is required to maintain solvency on a
continuous basis. The solvency position of each member, and thus
of Lloyd’s as a whole, is monitored on a regular basis. Council
considers biannually management’s assessment of the current
solvency position and the forecast position over a three-year period,
including resilience of central assets to meet the Central SCR.
Viability statement
While the members of the Council have no reason to believe
that the Society will not be viable over a longer period, the period
over which the assessment is based is the three-year period to
31 December 2025, being the period considered under the strategic
plan, including the detailed budgets prepared, and the solvency
projections of the Society.
The members of the Council believe that the Society is well placed
to manage its business risks successfully, having taken into account
the current economic outlook, and confirm that they have a
reasonable expectation that the Society will be able to continue in
operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the three-year
period ending 31 December 2025.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 112

Statement of the Council’s Responsibilities
for the Financial Statements
The Council is responsible for preparing the Group financial We confirm that to the best of our knowledge:
statements in accordance with byelaws made under the Lloyd’s Act
— the Group financial statements, which have been prepared in
1982 and UK Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (UK GAAP),
accordance with byelaws made under the Lloyd’s Act 1982 and
including FRS 102 ‘The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in
UK GAAP, including FRS 102 and FRS 103, give a true and fair
the UK and Ireland’, and FRS 103 ‘Insurance Contracts’.
view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit of the
The Council is required to prepare Group financial statements for Group; and
each financial year that present fairly the financial position of the — the Council Statement and Corporate Governance section
Society and the financial performance and cash flows of the Society includes a fair review of the development and performance
for that period. In preparing these Group financial statements, the of the business and the position of the Group, together with a
Council is required to: description of the principal risks and uncertainties that it faces.
— select suitable accounting policies and then apply them
consistently;
On behalf of the Council of Lloyd’s:
— present information, including accounting policies, in a
manner that provides relevant, reliable, comparable and
understandable information;
— provide additional disclosures when compliance with the specific
requirements in UK GAAP is insufficient to enable users to
understand the impact of particular transactions, other events and Bruce Carnegie-Brown John Neal
conditions on the Society’s financial position and financial Chairman Chief Executive Officer
performance; 22 March 2023
— make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable
and prudent; and
— state that the Society has complied with UK GAAP, subject to any
material departures disclosed and explained in the Group financial
statements.
The Council is responsible for keeping proper accounting records
that disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial
position of the Society and enable it to ensure that the Group
financial statements comply with UK GAAP. The Council is also
responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Society and hence
for taking reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of
fraud and other irregularities.
The Council is responsible for the maintenance and integrity of
the corporate and financial information included on the Society’s
website (www.lloyds.com). Legislation in the United Kingdom
governing the preparation and dissemination of financial statements
may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.
The Council considers that the Annual Report, taken as a whole,
is fair, balanced and understandable and provides the information
necessary for stakeholders to assess the Society’s performance,
business model and strategy.
1 13 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Independent Auditors’ Report to the
Members of the Society of Lloyd’s
Report on the audit of the Our audit approach
financial statements Overview
Audit scope
Opinion
In our opinion, the Society of Lloyd’s group financial statements: — We performed full scope audit procedures over two components
for the Society of Lloyd’s group audit being the UK (which includes
— give a true and fair view of the state of the group’s affairs as at
the Corporation of Lloyd’s, the Central Fund and Additional
31 December 2022 and of its profit and cash flows for the year
Securities Limited) and Belgium (which includes Lloyd’s Insurance
then ended;
Company S.A. (LIC)). For China (Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China)
— have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Limited (LICCL)), we performed audit procedures over specified
Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (United Kingdom financial statement line item balances. For the remaining
Accounting Standards, including FRS 102 “The Financial components that were not inconsequential, analytical procedures
Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland”, were performed by the group engagement team.
and applicable law); and
Key audit matters
— have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of
the Council byelaws made under the Lloyd’s Act 1982. — Valuation of the incurred but not reported (IBNR) component
of claims outstanding in LIC
We have audited the financial statements, included within the
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 (the “Annual Report”), which comprise: — Valuation of pipeline premiums included within LIC’s gross written
the Group Balance Sheet as at 31 December 2022; the Group Profit premium (GWP)
and Loss Account and Statement of Comprehensive Income, the — Valuation of the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme liabilities
Group Statement of Changes in Equity and the Group Statement of
— The conversion of the Society of Lloyd’s group financial
Cash Flows for the year then ended; and the notes to the financial
statements from an International Financial Reporting Standards
statements, which include a description of the significant
(IFRS) basis to a United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting
accounting policies.
Practice (UK GAAP) basis
Our opinion is consistent with our reporting to the Audit Committee.
Materiality
Basis for opinion — Overall materiality: £95.4m (2021: £71.1m) based on 0.5% of
We conducted our audit in accordance with International total assets
Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and applicable law.
— Performance materiality: £71.6m (2021: £53.3m)
Our responsibilities under ISAs (UK) are further described in the
Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements The scope of our audit
section of our report. We believe that the audit evidence we have As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the
our opinion. financial statements.
Independence Key audit matters
We remained independent of the group in accordance with the Key audit matters are those matters that, in the auditors’
ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial professional judgement, were of most significance in the audit of
statements in the UK, which includes the FRC’s Ethical Standard, as the financial statements of the current period and include the most
applicable to listed public interest entities, and we have fulfilled our significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. due to fraud) identified by the auditors, including those which had
the greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy; the allocation of
To the best of our knowledge and belief, we declare that non-audit
resources in the audit; and directing the efforts of the engagement
services prohibited by the FRC’s Ethical Standard were not
team. These matters, and any comments we make on the results of
provided.
our procedures thereon, were addressed in the context of our audit
Other than those disclosed in note 11, we have provided no non- of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion
audit services to the Society of Lloyd’s or its group undertakings thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
in the period under audit.
This is not a complete list of all risks identified by our audit.
The conversion of the Society of Lloyd’s group financial statements
from an IFRS basis to a UK GAAP basis is a new key audit matter
this year. The valuation, accuracy, presentation and disclosure of
the DXC transaction, which was a key audit matter last year, is no
longer included because it was a specific one-off transaction which
impacted the Society of Lloyd’s group financial statements in 2021.
Otherwise, the key audit matters below are consistent with last
year.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 114

Independent Auditors’ Report to the
Members of the Society of Lloyd’s
continued
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Valuation of the IBNR component of claims outstanding in LIC
See notes 2(i), 4, 5(a) and 25 of the Society Report for disclosures Our work over the valuation of the IBNR reserves in LIC was
of related accounting policies, judgements and estimates. performed by our local component audit team and actuarial
specialists with input and oversight from the group engagement
The IBNR component of claims outstanding (“IBNR reserves”)
team.
in LIC is a material balance within the financial statements.
Recognised actuarial techniques are used to derive the IBNR Specifically, we have:
reserves. The valuation of IBNR reserves relies on a large degree — Performed walkthroughs to understand the processes that
of judgement and underpinning assumptions. Relatively small management have put in place to control:
changes in these assumptions can lead to significant movements — the completeness and accuracy of the data used by LIC in the
in IBNR reserves and as such we placed significant focus on reserving process; and
this area.
— the selection of appropriate methods and assumptions applied
by LIC in the reserving process.
We assessed whether these controls have been designed and
implemented effectively.
— Tested the underlying reserving data for accuracy and
completeness; and
— Engaged with our actuarial specialists to:
— Develop an independent point estimate of LIC IBNR reserves
related to non-catastrophe claims. We compared our estimates
to those derived by management, and in all those cases where
significant differences were identified we obtained explanations;
and
— Understand the approach used to establish the LIC IBNR
reserves in relation to large losses and catastrophe events. We
performed a review of the key methodologies and assumptions
used by management in determining the associated LIC IBNR
reserves and challenged them as appropriate.
The results of our procedures indicated that the methodologies and
assumptions used in the valuation of LIC’s IBNR reserves were
supported by the evidence we obtained.
Valuation of pipeline premiums included within LIC’s GWP
See notes 2(i), 4, 7 and 25 of the Society Report for disclosures of Our work over pipeline premiums in LIC was performed by our local
related accounting policies, judgements and estimates. component audit team with input and oversight from the group
engagement team. Our work focused on understanding the
LIC writes business through several placement types, for example,
methodology used to derive LIC’s GWP (and the associated pipeline
open market and binders. In light of the outsource arrangement
premiums) and independently testing the derivation of LIC's GWP.
between LIC and the underlying syndicates there is generally a
Specifically, we have:
level of uncertainty regarding the amount of premium income that
should be recognised in any given year. The valuation of pipeline — Updated our understanding of the processes in place to derive
premiums relies on a number of underpinning assumptions and LIC's GWP (and the associated pipeline premiums) and evaluated
judgements and as such we placed significant focus on this area. the design and implementation of the relevant controls in place;
— Performed testing over controls related to the process to derive
LIC’s GWP (and the associated pipeline premiums);
— Evaluated the methodology and assumptions used in relation to
management’s calculation of LIC GWP (and the associated pipeline
premiums); and
— Recalculated independently LIC’s GWP (and the associated
pipeline premiums) at year end.
The results of our procedures indicated that the methods and
assumptions used in the valuation of LIC’s pipeline premiums,
included within LIC’s reported GWP, were supported by the evidence
we obtained.
1 15 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Valuation of the Lloyd's Pension Scheme liabilities
See notes 2(l), 4, and 21 of the Society Report for disclosures of We used our actuarial specialists to evaluate the key assumptions
related accounting policies, judgements and estimates. used to value the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme liabilities. This included
comparison of Lloyd’s assumptions to our own independent
The Society of Lloyd’s operates a number of defined benefit and
expectations based on our knowledge of the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme
defined contribution pension schemes. The principal scheme is the
and current financial market conditions.
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme. At 31 December 2022 the Scheme was in
a net surplus position totalling £57m (2021: net liabilities £102m). Specifically, we have:
Certain key assumptions (for example, the discount rate, inflation
— Tested the discount rate used in the valuation of the Lloyd’s
and post-retirement life expectancy) have a material impact in
Pension Scheme liabilities against our expectations, taking into
determining the valuation of the pension scheme liabilities and as
account the duration of the pension scheme liability and investment
such we placed significant focus on this area.
market conditions at 31 December 2022;
— Tested the retail and consumer price inflation rates used in the
valuation of the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme liabilities, taking into
account the duration of the pension scheme liability and market
expectations at 31 December 2022; and
— Evaluated whether the post-retirement life expectancy
assumptions were in line with the recent mortality experience of the
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme and with assumptions made by
comparable UK companies, and assessed whether there is an
appropriate allowance for how rates of mortality may change in the
future.
The results of our procedures indicated that the methods and
assumptions used in the valuation of the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme
liabilities were supported by the evidence we obtained.
The conversion of the Society of Lloyd’s group financial statements from an IFRS basis to a UK GAAP basis
See notes 2(a) and 3 of the Society Report for disclosures of Our work over the UK GAAP transition focused on obtaining an
related accounting policies, judgements and estimates. understanding of the impact of the UK GAAP transition on the
valuation, presentation and disclosure of the Society of Lloyd's
On 01 January 2022 the Society of Lloyd’s transitioned from IFRS
financial statements. The transition has been applied retrospectively,
to UK GAAP as its financial reporting framework. The impact of the
as required by the financial reporting standards, and therefore this
transition required material adjustment of some financial statement
work encompassed confirming the prior year restatement was
line items. The associated presentation and disclosures made
executed completely and accurately.
within the financial statements were also changed to comply with
FRS 102 and FRS 103. Specifically, we have:
— Assessed the completeness of management’s transition
adjustments and tested the adjustments for accuracy; and
— Reviewed the presentation and disclosure of the financial
statements to ensure compliance with UK GAAP standards.
The results of our procedures indicated that the valuation, accuracy,
presentation and disclosure of the UK GAAP transition was
supported by the evidence we obtained.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 116

Independent Auditors’ Report to the
Members of the Society of Lloyd’s
continued
How we tailored the audit scope
We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an opinion on the financial statements as
a whole, taking into account the structure of the group, the accounting processes and controls, and the industry in which it operates.
The Society of Lloyd’s financial statements are a consolidation of a number of components. In establishing the overall approach to the
group audit, we determined the type of work that needed to be performed at the components by us, as the group engagement team,
and from other PwC network firms operating under our instruction. For the audit of the Society of Lloyd’s financial statements, all audit
procedures were performed centrally by the group engagement team with the exception of the audits of the financial information of LIC
and LICCL. Where the work was performed by a component auditor, we determined the level of involvement we needed to have in the audit
work at that component to be able to conclude whether sufficient appropriate audit evidence had been obtained as a basis for our opinion
on the financial statements as a whole. In our role as group auditors, we exercised oversight of work performed by component auditors,
including performing the following procedures: maintained an active dialogue with reporting component audit teams throughout the year,
including involvement in the risk assessment process during the planning phase of the audit; worked closely with the reporting component
audit teams to develop detailed work plans in key areas of focus for the audit; attended meetings with local management; and performed
detailed reviews of the reporting component audit teams working papers.
For each component, we determined whether we required an audit of their complete financial information or whether specified procedures
for particular balances would be sufficient. Audit procedures were performed over the complete financial information for the UK and LIC
components to address the key audit matters identified above. Additionally, we identified LICCL where certain account balances
were considered to be significant in size in relation to the Society of Lloyd’s and scoped our audit to include detailed testing of those
account balances. For the remaining components that were not inconsequential, analytical procedures were performed by the group
engagement team.
Together, the components where we performed our audit work accounted for greater than 90% of the Society of Lloyd’s total assets and
greater than 85% of the Society of Lloyd's surplus before tax for 2022.
The impact of climate risk on our audit
As part of our audit we made enquiries of management to understand the extent of the potential impact of climate risk on the group’s
financial statements, and we remained alert when performing our audit procedures for any indicators of the impact of climate risk.
Our procedures did not identify any material impact as a result of climate risk on the group’s financial statements.
Materiality
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. We set certain quantitative thresholds for materiality. These,
together with qualitative considerations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit and the nature, timing and extent of our audit
procedures on the individual financial statement line items and disclosures and in evaluating the effect of misstatements, both individually
and in aggregate on the financial statements as a whole.
Based on our professional judgement, we determined materiality for the financial statements as a whole as follows:
Overall group £95.4m (2021: £71.1m).
materiality
How we 0.5% of total assets
determined it
Rationale for We have identified the key financial statement users as rating agencies, syndicate members, policyholders and regulators,
benchmark who will be primarily concerned with the overall asset position of the Society of Lloyd’s, as those assets provide financial
applied security for the market. Therefore, we have assessed that it is appropriate to use an asset-based benchmark for the
materiality determination for the 31 December 2022 year end audit.
For each component in the scope of our group audit, we allocated a materiality that is less than our overall group materiality. The materiality
allocated to each component was £70.0m. Certain components were audited to a local statutory audit materiality that was also less than
our overall group materiality.
We use performance materiality to reduce to an appropriately low level the probability that the aggregate of uncorrected and undetected
misstatements exceeds overall materiality. Specifically, we use performance materiality in determining the scope of our audit and the
nature and extent of our testing of account balances, classes of transactions and disclosures, for example in determining sample sizes. Our
performance materiality was 75% (2021: 75%) of overall materiality, amounting to £71.6m (2021: £53.3m) for the group financial statements.
In determining the performance materiality, we considered a number of factors - the history of misstatements, risk assessment and
aggregation risk and the effectiveness of controls - and concluded that an amount in the middle of our normal range was appropriate.
We agreed with the Audit Committee that we would report to them misstatements identified during our audit above £4.7m (2021: £1.2m)
as well as misstatements below that amount that, in our view, warranted reporting for qualitative reasons.
1 17 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Conclusions relating to going concern
Our evaluation of the Council’s assessment of the group’s ability to continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting included:
— Validating management’s Society of Lloyd’s going concern assessment;
— Performing sensitivity analysis on management’s going concern assessment and assessing the impact on the Society of Lloyd’s capital,
solvency and liquidity positions; and
— Assessing the disclosures made in the financial statements in respect of going concern.
Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that, individually
or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the group’s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of at least twelve months from
when the financial statements are authorised for issue.
In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the Council’s use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation
of the financial statements is appropriate.
However, because not all future events or conditions can be predicted, this conclusion is not a guarantee as to the group’s ability to
continue as a going concern.
In relation to the Council’s reporting on how they have applied the UK Corporate Governance Code, we have nothing material to add or
draw attention to in relation to the Council’s statement in the financial statements about whether the Council considered it appropriate
to adopt the going concern basis of accounting.
Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the Council with respect to going concern are described in the relevant sections of
this report.
Reporting on other information
The other information comprises all of the information in the Annual Report other than the financial statements and our auditors’ report
thereon. The Council is responsible for the other information. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information
and, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion or, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in this report, any form of
assurance thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether
the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to
be materially misstated. If we identify an apparent material inconsistency or material misstatement, we are required to perform procedures
to conclude whether there is a material misstatement of the financial statements or a material misstatement of the other information. If,
based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to
report that fact. We have nothing to report based on these responsibilities.
Council members’ remuneration
The Society of Lloyd’s voluntarily prepares a Report of the Remuneration Committee in accordance with the provisions of the Companies
Act 2006. The Council requested that we audit the part of the Report of the Remuneration Committee specified by the Companies Act
2006 to be audited as if the Society of Lloyd’s were a quoted company.
In our opinion, the part of the Report of the Remuneration Committee to be audited has been properly prepared in accordance with the
Companies Act 2006.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 118

Independent Auditors’ Report to the
Members of the Society of Lloyd’s
continued
Corporate Governance statement
ISAs (UK) require us to review the Council’s statements in relation to going concern, longer-term viability and that part of the corporate
governance statement relating to the Society of Lloyd’s compliance with the provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code, which the
Listing Rules of the Financial Conduct Authority specify for review by auditors of premium listed companies. Our additional responsibilities
with respect to the corporate governance statement as other information are described in the Reporting on other information section
of this report.
Based on the work undertaken as part of our audit, we have concluded that each of the following elements of the corporate governance
statement, included within the Corporate Governance Report, is materially consistent with the financial statements and our knowledge
obtained during the audit, and we have nothing material to add or draw attention to in relation to:
— The Council’s confirmation that it has carried out a robust assessment of the emerging and principal risks;
— The disclosures in the Annual Report that describe those principal risks, what procedures are in place to identify emerging risks and an
explanation of how these are being managed or mitigated;
— The Council’s statement in the financial statements about whether it considered it appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of
accounting in preparing them, and its identification of any material uncertainties to the group’s ability to continue to do so over a period of
at least twelve months from the date of approval of the financial statements;
— The Council’s explanation as to its assessment of the group’s prospects, the period this assessment covers and why the period is
appropriate; and
— The Council’s statement as to whether it has a reasonable expectation that the Society of Lloyd's will be able to continue in operation and
meet its liabilities as they fall due over the period of its assessment, including any related disclosures drawing attention to any necessary
qualifications or assumptions.
Our review of the Council's statement regarding the longer-term viability of the group was substantially less in scope than an audit and only
consisted of making inquiries and considering the Council’s process supporting their statement; checking that the statement is in alignment
with the relevant provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code; and considering whether the statement is consistent with the financial
statements and our knowledge and understanding of the group and its environment obtained in the course of the audit.
In addition, based on the work undertaken as part of our audit, we have concluded that each of the following elements of the corporate
governance statement is materially consistent with the financial statements and our knowledge obtained during the audit:
— The Council’s statement that they consider the Annual Report, taken as a whole, is fair, balanced and understandable, and provides the
information necessary for the members to assess the group’s position, performance, business model and strategy;
— The section of the Annual Report that describes the review of effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems; and
— The section of the Annual Report describing the work of the Audit Committee.
We have nothing to report in respect of our responsibility to report when the Council’s statement relating to the Society of Lloyd’s
compliance with the Code does not properly disclose a departure from a relevant provision of the Code specified under the Listing Rules
for review by the auditors.
Responsibilities for the financial statements and the audit
Responsibilities of the Council for the financial statements
As explained more fully in the Statement of the Council’s Responsibilities for the Financial Statements, the Council is responsible for the
preparation of the financial statements in accordance with the applicable framework and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair
view. The Council is also responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, the Council is responsible for assessing the group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing,
as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Council either intends to
liquidate the group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance,
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design procedures in line with our
responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material misstatements in respect of irregularities, including fraud. The extent to which our
procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud, is detailed below.
1 19 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Based on our understanding of the group and industry, we identified that the principal risks of non-compliance with laws and regulations
related to breaches of UK, European and China regulatory principles, such as those governed by the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA)
and the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), and we considered the extent to which non-compliance might have a material effect on the
financial statements. We also considered those laws and regulations that have a direct impact on the financial statements such as the
Lloyd’s Act 1982. We evaluated management’s incentives and opportunities for fraudulent manipulation of the financial statements
(including the risk of override of controls), and determined that the principal risks were related to posting inappropriate journal entries to
manipulate the group’s results and management bias applied in establishing material accounting estimates. The group engagement team
shared this risk assessment with the component auditors so that they could include appropriate audit procedures in response to such risks
in their work. Audit procedures performed by the group engagement team and/or component auditors included:
— discussions with management, the Audit Committee, Head of Internal Audit, senior management involved in the Risk and Compliance
function and the group’s Legal Function, including consideration of known or suspected instances of non-compliance with laws,
regulations and fraud, and assessment of matters reported on the group’s whistleblowing helpline and management’s investigation of
such matters;
— evaluation of management’s internal controls designed to prevent and detect irregularities, including the controls around related party
transactions;
— reading key correspondence with the group’s regulators, including for example, the Prudential Regulation Authority and the Financial
Conduct Authority, in relation to compliance with laws and regulations;
— testing and challenging, where appropriate, the assumptions and judgements made by management in their significant accounting
estimates, for example, in relation to the valuation of the IBNR component of claims outstanding in LIC, the valuation of pipeline premiums
included within LIC’s GWP and the valuation of the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme liabilities;
— identifying and testing journal entries, in particular, any journal entries posted with unusual account combinations including those affecting
revenue, post-close entries, or journals posted by unusual users;
— reviewing internal audit reports so far as they related to non-compliance with laws and regulations and fraud; and
— designing audit procedures to incorporate unpredictability around the nature, timing or extent of our testing.
There are inherent limitations in the audit procedures described above. We are less likely to become aware of instances of non-compliance
with laws and regulations that are not closely related to events and transactions reflected in the financial statements. Also, the risk of not
detecting a material misstatement due to fraud is higher than the risk of not detecting one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
deliberate concealment by, for example, forgery or intentional misrepresentations, or through collusion.
Our audit testing might include testing complete populations of certain transactions and balances, possibly using data auditing techniques.
However, it typically involves selecting a limited number of items for testing, rather than testing complete populations. We will often seek to
target particular items for testing based on their size or risk characteristics. In other cases, we will use audit sampling to enable us to draw
a conclusion about the population from which the sample is selected.
A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the FRC’s website at:
www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our auditors’ report.
Use of this report
This report, including the opinions, has been prepared for and only for the Society of Lloyd’s members as a body in accordance with the
Lloyd’s Act 1982 and for no other purpose. We do not, in giving these opinions, accept or assume responsibility for any other purpose or to
any other person to whom this report is shown or into whose hands it may come save where expressly agreed by our prior consent in
writing.
Other required reporting
We have agreed to report to you if, in our opinion:
— we have not obtained all the information and explanations we require for our audit; or
— proper accounting records have not been maintained by the Society of Lloyd’s; or
— certain disclosures of Council’s remuneration specified by law are not made.
We have no exceptions to report arising from this responsibility.
Appointment
Following the recommendation of the Audit Committee, we were appointed by the members on 1 July 2013 to audit the financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2013 and subsequent financial periods. The period of total uninterrupted engagement is ten years,
covering the years ended 31 December 2013 to 31 December 2022.
Paul Pannell (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditors
London
22 March 2023
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 120

Group Profit and Loss Account and
Statement of Comprehensive Income
(As at 31 December 2022)
2021
Profit and Loss Account 2022 (Restated)
Technical account Note £m £m £m £m
Gross written premiums 7 3,227 2,732
Outward reinsurance premiums (3,227) (2,732)
Change in the gross provision for unearned premiums (352) (253)
Change in the provision for unearned premiums, reinsurers’ share 352 253
Earned premiums, net of reinsurance – –
Other technical income 8 9
Claims paid
Gross amount 1,098 1,246
Reinsurers’ share (1,098) (1,246)
– –
Change in provision for claims
Gross amount 1,329 35
Reinsurers’ share (1,329) (35)
– –
Claims incurred, net of reinsurance – –
Net operating income/(expenses) 8 22 (5)
Balance on the technical account for general business 30 4
Non-technical account
Balance on the general business technical account 30 4
Investment income 9 30 91
Unrealised losses on investments 9 (207) (13)
Total investment return (177) 78
Investment expenses and charges 9 (2) (4)
Profit/(loss) on exchange 241 (24)
Non-technical income 10 491 450
Non-technical operating expenses 11 (459) (498)
Profit before tax 124 6
Tax (charge)/credit on profit 13(a) (26) 1
Profit after tax 98 7
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Profit after tax 98 7
Other comprehensive income:
Currency translation differences 30 (31)
Remeasurement gains on pension assets and liabilities 21 151 73
Share of remeasurement (loss)/gain on associates and joint venture
pension liabilities 21 (1) 3
Tax charge relating to items that will not be reclassified 13(a) (34) (4)
Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax 146 41
Total comprehensive income for the financial period 244 48
121 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Group Balance Sheet
(As at 31 December 2022)
2021
2022 (Restated)
Note £m £m £m £m
Intangible assets 14 54 58
Investments
Financial investments 15 4,370 4,299
Investment in Group undertakings 16 42 36
4,412 4,335
Reinsurers’ share of technical provisions
Provision for unearned premiums 25 1,937 1,497
Claims outstanding 25 7,311 5,654
9,248 7,151
Debtors
Debtors arising out of direct insurance operations 2,086 1,595
Debtors arising out of reinsurance operations 1,491 1,358
Other debtors 20(a) 27 42
3,604 2,995
Other assets
Tangible assets 17 23 25
Cash at bank and in hand 18 1,167 1,183
Other assets 20(b) 12 57
1,202 1,265
Prepayments and accrued income
Accrued interest and rent 20 17
Deferred acquisition costs 19 356 277
Other prepayments and accrued income 20(c) 144 140
520 434
Pension scheme assets 21 57 –
Total assets 19,097 16,238
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 122

Group Balance Sheet
continued
(As at 31 December 2022)
2021
2022 (Restated)
Note £m £m £m £m
Capital and reserves
Revaluation reserve 22(c) 15 15
Translation reserve 22(b) 25 (5)
Syndicate loans 23 514 514
Profit and loss account 22(a) 2,729 2,534
3,283 3,058
Subordinated debt 24(a) 603 796
Technical provisions
Provision for unearned premiums 25 1,937 1,497
Claims outstanding 25 7,311 5,654
9,248 7,151
Provisions for other risks
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations 21 3 106
Tax provisions 2 2
Other provisions 26 59 50
64 158
Deposits received from reinsurers 1,161 1,096
Creditors
Creditors arising out of direct insurance operations 27 509 420
Creditors arising out of reinsurance operations 27 3,231 2,643
Other creditors including taxation and social security 27 194 216
Amounts owed to credit institutions 24(b) 303 299
4,237 3,578
Accruals and deferred income 28 501 401
Total capital, reserves and liabilities 19,097 16,238
The financial statements on pages 121 to 164 were approved by the Council on 22 March 2023 and signed on its behalf by:
Bruce Carnegie-Brown John Neal
Chairman Chief Executive Officer
1 23 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Group Statement of Changes in Equity
(For the year ended 31 December 2022)
Profit and Translation Revaluation Syndicate Total
loss account reserve reserve loans equity
Note £m £m £m £m £m
At 1 January 2022 2,534 (5) 15 514 3,058
Profit for the period 98 – – – 98
Net other comprehensive income for the period 116 30 – – 146
Interest paid on syndicate loans 23 (19) – – – (19)
At 31 December 2022 2,729 25 15 514 3,283
Profit and Translation Revaluation Syndicate Total
loss account reserve reserve loans equity
Note £m £m £m £m £m
At 1 January 2021 (Restated) 2,474 26 15 514 3,029
Profit for the period (Restated) 7 – – – 7
Net other comprehensive profit/(loss)
for the period 72 (31) – – 41
Interest paid on syndicate loans 23 (19) – – – (19)
At 31 December 2021 (Restated) 2,534 (5) 15 514 3,058
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 124

Group Statement of Cash Flows
(For the year ended 31 December 2022)
2021
2022 (Restated)
Note £m £m
Net cash from operating activities 29 122 229
Tax (paid)/refunded (23) 26
Net cash generated from operating activities 99 255
Cash flow from investing activities
Purchase of intangible assets 14 (13) (19)
Purchase of equity and debt instruments (3,909) (4,032)
Sale of equity and debt instruments 3,664 3,992
Decrease/(increase) in short-term deposits 282 (132)
Net sale/(purchase) of derivatives 7 (21)
Loan to associate (8) –
Investment income received 59 33
Other 2 –
Net cash inflows/(outflows) from investing activities 84 (179)
Cash flow from financing activities
Interest paid on senior debt (8) (8)
Interest paid on subordinated notes (38) (38)
Redemption of subordinated notes (194) –
Interest paid on syndicate loans 23 (19) (19)
Increase in borrowings for statutory insurance deposits 29 2
Net cash outflows from financing activities (230) (63)
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents (47) 13
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 1,183 1,174
Exchange differences on cash and cash equivalents 31 (4)
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December 1,167 1,183
125 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2022)
1. General information Where a subsidiary has different accounting policies to the Group,
adjustments are made to those subsidiary financial statements to
In 1871, by Lloyd’s Act 1871, the then existing association of
apply Group’s accounting policies, if material, when preparing the
underwriters was incorporated in the United Kingdom as the Society
consolidated financial statements.
and Corporation of Lloyd’s (the Society). Its activities are accordingly
governed by statute and, since 1982, have been managed by the (d) Functional and presentation currency
Council of Lloyd’s (the Council) pursuant to Lloyd’s Act 1982. Its The Group financial statements are presented in pounds sterling,
principal place of business is at One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA. which is the Society’s functional and presentational currency, and
The Society’s main corporate purposes are to facilitate the conduct rounded to millions. Items included in the financial statements of
of insurance business by members of Lloyd’s, the advancement each of the Society’s entities are measured using the currency of
and protection of their interests in this context and to manage the the primary economic environment in which the entity operates
Society’s insurance undertakings. The Society’s revenue consists (the functional currency).
of members’ subscriptions, various market charges and Central Transactions and balances
Fund contributions. The Society’s wholly owned subsidiaries, Lloyd’s Transactions in foreign currencies are recorded at the exchange
Insurance Company S.A. (Lloyd’s Europe) and Lloyd’s Insurance rate prevailing on the date of the transaction, or an average rate
Company (China) Limited (Lloyd’s China) are the principal insurance for the period in which it was recorded. At each reporting date,
businesses of the Society. The principal activities of Lloyd’s Europe monetary assets and liabilities (including unearned premium,
and Lloyd’s China is to provide reinsurance of non-life business and deferred acquisition costs and unexpired risks provisions)
direct non-life insurance in the European and Chinese insurance denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the exchange
markets, respectively. Lloyd’s syndicates participate in Lloyd’s rate prevailing at the reporting date. Translation differences on
Europe and Lloyd’s China business by means of 100% retrocession monetary items are taken to the Group profit and loss account.
agreements. Non-monetary items measured at historical cost are translated
The Society is regulated by the Prudential Regulatory Authority using the exchange rate at the date of transaction and non-
and the Financial Conduct Authority. Lloyd’s Europe and Lloyd’s monetary items measured at fair value are measured using the
China are also regulated by their respective country regulators. exchange rate when the fair value was determined.
Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement
2. Summary of significant accounting of transactions and from the translation at period-end rates of
policies monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
are recognised in the non-technical account in the Group profit and
This section describes the Group’s significant accounting policies
loss account.
that relate to the Group financial statements and notes as a whole.
These policies have been consistently applied to all years presented Translation of overseas operations
unless otherwise stated. The results and financial position of overseas Society operations
are translated into pounds sterling as follows:
(a) Basis of preparation
The Group financial statements have been prepared in compliance
(i) Assets and liabilities are translated at the closing rate at the
date of that balance sheet;
with UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (UK GAAP),
including FRS 102 ‘The Financial Reporting Standard applicable (ii) Income and expenses are translated at the average exchange
in the UK and Ireland’, and FRS 103 ‘Insurance Contracts’. The rate for the year; and
previous financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021
were prepared under International Financial Reporting Standards
(iii) Any resulting exchange differences are recognised in the Group
statement of comprehensive income.
(IFRS) and the date of transition to UK GAAP was therefore
1 January 2022. As a consequence of adopting FRS 102 and FRS (e) Tangible assets
103, a number of accounting policies have changed to comply with Plant and equipment
those standards resulting in adjustments to balances on transition.
Plant and equipment are held at cost less accumulated depreciation
In order to provide relevant comparative figures to the 2022 Group and any impairment in value.
financial statements, the results for the year ended 31 December
Depreciation is charged on a straight-line basis on the following
2021 and balances at 31 December 2021 per the annual financial
principal categories:
statements have been restated on a UK GAAP basis. Details of
the transition to FRS 102 and FRS 103 are disclosed in note 3. — Furniture and fittings are depreciated over seven to twenty five
years, according to the estimated useful life of the asset; and
(b) Going concern
— Computer and specialised equipment are depreciated over three
The Group financial statements are prepared on a going concern
to fifteen years, according to the estimated useful life of the
basis under the historic cost convention, except for certain
asset.
assets and liabilities at fair value, as required or permitted under
FRS 102 and FRS 103. Lloyd’s Collection
The Lloyd’s Collection represents various paintings, antiques
(c) Basis of consolidation
and artefacts which are included at fair value and is valued every
The Group financial statements of the Society comprise three years, unless there is any indication of impairment. Any
the financial statements of the Society and all its subsidiary revaluation surplus or deficit is recognised in the Group statement
undertakings, the Lloyd’s Central Fund and the Group’s interest in of comprehensive income and is reflected in the revaluation reserve
associates and joint ventures as at each reporting date. Subsidiary within the Group statement of changes in equity.
undertakings are consolidated from the date of their acquisition,
being the date on which the Society obtains control, and continue
to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases. All
intra-Group balances and transactions are eliminated in full.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 126

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(As at 31 December 2022)
2. Summary of significant accounting In accordance with FRS 103 Insurance Contracts, the Society
policies continued applies established accounting practices for insurance and
reinsurance contracts. The results are determined on an annual
(f) Intangible assets basis whereby the incurred cost of claims, commission and related
Intangible assets recognised by the Society consist of software expenses are charged against the earned proportion of premiums,
development assets. Costs incurred in acquiring and developing net of reinsurance, as stated in the below paragraphs.
computer software may be capitalised as intangible assets where
Classification
the software supports a significant business system and the
Insurance and reinsurance contracts are defined as those
expenditure leads to the creation of an identifiable asset of
containing significant insurance risk which arises if, and only if, an
value. Software development is held at cost less accumulated
insured event could cause an insurer to pay significant additional
amortisation and any impairment in value. Capitalised software
benefits in any scenario, excluding scenarios that lack commercial
is amortised on a straight-line basis over its expected useful life.
substance, at the inception of the contract. Such contracts remain
Computer software typically has an expected useful life of up
insurance contracts until all rights and obligations are extinguished
to seven years, although a longer lifetime may be determined
or expired.
for certain business systems.
Measurement and presentation
The Society performs annual impairment testing to assess whether
The Society’s policy for measuring balances for insurance contracts
there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. If any such
issued by overseas subsidiaries is to apply the valuation technique
indication exists, an impairment loss is recognised for the amount
used in the issuing entity’s local statutory or regulatory reporting.
by which the asset’s carrying value exceeds its recoverable amount.
Therefore, for insurance contracts issued by Lloyd’s China,
The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value, less
balances are calculated in accordance with China Generally
costs of disposal and value in use.
Accepted Accounting Principles (China GAAP). For insurance
(g) Investment in associates and joint ventures contracts issued by, or transferred to Lloyd’s Europe, balances are
An associate is an entity in which the Society has significant calculated in accordance with Belgium Generally Accepted
influence, and which is not a subsidiary undertaking or joint venture. Accounting Principles (Belgium GAAP).
A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have The principal differences between UK GAAP and China and
joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets of the Belgium GAAP that remain unadjusted are as follows:
arrangement. The Society’s investments in associates and joint Lloyd’s China calculates its reserves on a discounted basis and
ventures are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. includes a local statutory risk margin, by class of business, as
Under the equity method, the investments in associates and joint required under China GAAP. The discounting of reserves results in
ventures are carried in the Group balance sheet at cost plus post- lower technical provisions by £12m (2021: £11m). The inclusion of a
acquisition changes in the Society’s share of net assets of the local statutory risk margin results in an increase in reserves. The
associates and joint ventures. Goodwill relating to an associate is reserves are 100% reinsured to syndicates with a net nil impact on
included in the carrying amount of the investment and is amortised profit before tax and on capital and reserves. Management
on a straight-line basis over its expected useful life. After considers the local statutory risk margin to be appropriate and not
application of the equity method, the Society determines whether excessively prudent, and as permitted by FRS 103, it is included in
it is necessary to recognise any additional impairment loss with technical provisions. In addition, management does not consider
respect to the Society’s net investment in an associate or joint the amount of discounting of reserves to be material and has not
venture. The Group profit and loss account reflects its share of the adjusted the Group profit and loss account or the balance sheet.
results of operations of associates and joint ventures. The Society’s Lloyd’s Europe calculates its reserves on an undiscounted best
share of associates’ other comprehensive income is recognised in estimate basis and includes a local statutory risk margin as required
the Group statement of comprehensive income. under Belgium GAAP. The reserves are 100% reinsured to
(h) Prepayments syndicates with a net nil impact on profit before tax and on capital
and reserves. Management considers the local statutory risk margin
Prepayments are recognised at historic cost when the right to
to be appropriate and not excessively prudent, and as permitted by
receive services or goods has been established. Where services
FRS 103, it is included in technical provisions.
or goods are to be received over a period exceeding a year, then
prepayments are expensed in the profit and loss account on a Certain other principal differences that have been adjusted or
straight-line basis over the period of the contract. Where amounts presented in the Group profit and loss account and balance sheet
are considered to be not recoverable, the prepaid assets are written are for recognition of deferred acquisition costs for Lloyd’s Europe
down to the recoverable amounts. and the gross presentation of unearned premium reserve liability
for Lloyd’s China, in accordance with the Group's accounting policy.
(i) Insurance and reinsurance contracts
These adjustments or presentation differences have a net nil impact
The Society’s wholly owned subsidiaries, Lloyd’s Europe and
on the Group's profit before tax and capital and reserves as these
Lloyd’s China are the principal insurance businesses of the Society,
are 100% reinsured.
wherein they provide reinsurance of non-life business and direct
non-life insurance in the European and Chinese insurance markets, Premiums written
respectively. Lloyd’s syndicates participate in Lloyd’s Europe and Gross written premiums are recognised on the date of inception
Lloyd’s China business by means of 100% reinsurance and of the contract as the total estimated premiums receivable. Gross
retrocession agreements. written premiums include the impact of the difference between
the estimated premium recognised in previous periods and actual
income received. Premiums written are stated before deduction of
commissions but net of taxes, duties levied on premiums and other
similar deductions.
1 27 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Earned premiums and provision for unearned premiums The amounts the Society is entitled to under reinsurance contracts
Written premiums are recognised as premium income on a pro rata are recognised as reinsurers’ share of technical provisions. Amounts
basis over the period of cover. recoverable from or due to reinsurers are measured consistently with
the amounts associated with the reinsured contracts. Debtors and
Provision for unearned premiums represent the proportion of
creditors arising out of reinsurance operations primarily comprise
premiums written in the year that relate to unexpired terms of
amounts recoverable from reinsurers or premiums payable for
policies in force at the balance sheet date. Premiums earned
outward reinsurance contracts, respectively.
during the year are disclosed in note 25.
Reinsurance premiums and reinsurers’ share of unearned
Acquisition costs
premiums continued
Acquisition costs which represent commission and other related
An impairment review is performed on all reinsurance assets
expenses are deferred over the period in which the related
when an indication of impairment occurs. Reinsurance assets are
premiums are earned. impaired only if there is objective evidence that the Society may
Claims incurred not receive all amounts due to it under the terms of the contract
Claims incurred in insurance-related activities consist of claims and and this can be measured reliably.
claims handling expenses paid during the year together with the Claims recoverable under the Society’s reinsurance agreements
change in provision for outstanding claims, including provisions for are recognised and measured in line with insurance claims relating
claims incurred but not reported and related expenses, together to the policies they reinsure.
with any other adjustments to claims from previous years.
Reinsurance commission income is receivable from syndicates
Claims provisions and related reinsurance recoveries as a percentage of premiums earned by Lloyd’s Europe and on
Provision is made at the year end for the estimated cost of claims premiums written by Lloyd’s China, net of recoveries and included
incurred but not settled at the balance sheet date, including the in net operating income/(expense) in the technical account in the
cost of claims incurred but not reported to the Society. The Group profit and loss account.
estimated cost of claims includes expenses to be incurred in
(j) Financial investments
settling claims. However, given the uncertainty in establishing
claims provisions, subsequent information and events may result Financial investments classification
in the ultimate liability being less than, or greater than, the amount Financial investments are classified, at initial recognition, in the
provided. Any differences between the provision and subsequent following measurement categories:
settlements are reflected within the Group financial statements of — those to be measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL);
later years when differences between provision and subsequent and
settlement become apparent. Note 5(a) provides further details
— those to be measured at amortised cost.
of how insurance claims are estimated.
The classification depends on the Society’s business model for
Outstanding claims reserves include a risk margin in accordance
managing the financial investments and the contractual terms
with local regulatory reporting requirements for Lloyd's Europe and
of the cash flows. The Society measures financial investments
Lloyd’s China. Lloyd’s China outstanding claims provisions are
at amortised cost if both of the following conditions are met:
discounted under local regulatory requirements for the time value
of money and the difference between discounted and undiscounted — the financial investment is held within a business model with
claims provisions is not material. the objective to hold financial investments in order to collect
contractual cash flows; and
Provision is recognised for any deficiencies arising when unearned
premiums, net of associated acquisition costs are insufficient to — the contractual terms of the financial investment give rise
meet claims and expenses after taking into account future on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
investment return on investments supporting the unearned principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
premiums provision and unexpired risks provision.
The Society’s financial investments at amortised cost include short-
Reinsurance contracts term and security deposits, statutory insurance deposits, loans
Lloyd’s Europe and Lloyd’s China enter into reinsurance recoverable and trade receivables due within one year.
agreements with syndicates to reinsure 100% of the insurance
Financial investments at FVTPL include financial investments held
premiums written.
for trading or financial investments mandatorily required to be
Reinsurance premiums and reinsurers’ share of unearned measured at fair value. Financial investments are classified as held
premiums for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling or
Outward reinsurance premiums are recognised over the period of repurchasing in the near term. Derivatives are also classified as held
cover of the reinsured contracts, in line with premium income for trading. Financial investments with cash flows that are not solely
recognised. Reinsurers’ share of provision for unearned premiums is payments of principal and interest are classified and measured at
calculated before deducting acquisition costs such as commissions, FVTPL, irrespective of the business model. This category includes
handling fees, business taxes, surcharges and regulatory charges, government fixed interest securities, corporate securities, emerging
which are presented separately as deferred acquisition costs. market investments, equities, hedge funds, multi-asset investments
and loan investments.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 128

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(As at 31 December 2022)
2. Summary of significant accounting For trade receivables and insurance contract assets, the Society
policies continued applies a simplified approach in calculating expected credit losses.
Therefore, the Society does not track changes in credit risk, but
(j) Financial investments continued
instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime expected
Initial recognition credit losses at each reporting date.
At initial recognition, the Society measures a financial investment at
The Society considers a financial investment in default when
its fair value plus, in the case of a financial investment not valued at
contractual payments are 90 days past due. However, in certain
FVTPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the
cases, the Society may also consider a financial investment to be
acquisition of the financial investment. Transaction costs of financial
in default when internal or external information indicates that the
investments carried at fair value through profit and loss are expensed
Society is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts
in the Group profit and loss account.
in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by
Subsequent measurement the Society. A financial investment is written off when there is no
The subsequent measurement of financial instruments depends on reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.
their classification as follows:
(k) Financial liabilities
— Financial instruments at FVTPL are carried in the Group balance
Financial liabilities include subordinated loan notes, senior debt and
sheet at fair value. Gains and losses arising from changes in their
deposits received from reinsurers.
fair value are included in the Group profit and loss account in the
period in which they arise; and Initial recognition and measurement
Financial liabilities are classified at initial recognition, at FVTPL,
— Where financial instruments are carried at amortised cost, the
loans and borrowings or as payables, as appropriate and, in the
value is computed using the effective interest rate method less
case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of directly
any allowance for impairment and principal repayment or
attributable transaction costs.
reduction. The calculation takes into account any premium or
discount on acquisition and includes transaction costs and Subsequent measurement
fees that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The measurement of financial liabilities depends on their
Derecognition classification, as described below:
A financial investment (or, where applicable, a part of a financial Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
investment or part of a group of similar financial investments) is Financial liabilities at FVTPL include financial liabilities held for trading.
derecognised when: Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are incurred
for the purpose of repurchasing in the near term. This category also
— The rights to receive cash flows from the investment have
includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Society.
expired; or
Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognised in the
— The Society has transferred its right to receive cash flows from
Group profit and loss account.
the investment and has substantially transferred all the risks and
rewards; or Loans and borrowings
After initial recognition, interest-bearing loans and borrowings are
— The Society has assumed an obligation to pay the received cash
subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
flows in full and has substantially transferred all the risks and
interest rate method. Gains and losses are recognised in the Group
rewards; or
profit and loss account when the liabilities are derecognised, as
— The Society has neither transferred nor retained substantially all well as through the effective interest rate amortisation process.
the risks and rewards of the investment but has transferred Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or
control of the investment; and premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of
— The Society considers control to be transferred if, and only if, the the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is
transferee has the practical ability to sell the asset in its entirety included as non-technical operating expenses in the Group profit
to an unrelated third party and is able to exercise that ability and loss account.
unilaterally.
Derecognition
Expected credit losses of financial assets A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the
The Society recognises an allowance for expected credit losses liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. When an existing
for all debt instruments not held at FVPTL. Expected credit losses financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on
are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are
in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated
Society expects to receive, discounted at the original effective as the derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of
interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from a new liability. The difference in the respective carrying amounts
the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are is recognised in the Group profit and loss account.
integral to the contractual terms.
(l) Employee benefits
Expected credit losses are recognised in two stages. For credit The Society accounts for pensions and similar benefits (principally
exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in income protection due to ill health) under Schedule 28 Employee
credit risk since initial recognition, allowance is made for credit Benefits of FRS 102. The Society operates a number of defined
losses that result from default events that are possible within the benefit pension schemes in which obligations are measured at
next 12 months (12 month expected credit losses). For those discounted present value using the projected unit credit method,
credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase while plan assets are recorded at fair value.
in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required
for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure,
irrespective of the timing of the default (lifetime expected
credit losses).
1 29 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Judgement is required in determining the economic and (o) Other technical income
demographic assumptions underpinning the estimated actuarial Income directly related to the insurance activities of the Society
value of scheme liabilities. These judgements are based on is presented in the technical account and largely comprises
observable historic data and, in many cases, publicly available recoveries of costs from syndicates under the contracts.
information. The operating and financing income and costs of the
(p) Net operating income/(expenses) – technical
scheme are recognised in the Group profit and loss account.
Service costs, financing income (expected return on plan assets) account
and costs are recognised in the periods in which they arise. Costs directly related to the insurance activities of the Society
Actuarial gains and losses are recognised in full in the Group are presented in the technical account in the Group profit and
statement of comprehensive income in the period in which they loss account.
occur.
Acquisition costs which represent commission and other related
Costs of discretionary awards in respect of past service are expenses are deferred over the period in which the related
recognised in the Group profit and loss account when amounts premiums are earned.
are committed to be paid or there is a constructive liability to make
Administration costs are expensed as incurred.
awards to pensioners.
Reinsurance commission income is receivable from syndicates
Payments to defined contribution pension schemes are charged
as a percentage of premiums earned by Lloyd’s Europe and on
to the Group profit and loss account as they fall due.
premiums written by Lloyd’s China.
Short-term bonuses are accrued in the period to which they relate,
(q) Non-technical income
long-term bonuses are recognised over their vesting period.
The Society supports the market to underwrite risks through its
(m) Other provisions trading rights and distribution network. It also ensures that the
A provision is recognised in the balance sheet when there is a market remains well capitalised and provides services to enable
present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, the market’s efficient operation. Revenue consists of members’
it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required subscriptions (net of rebates), various market charges and other
to settle the obligation and the amount can be reliably estimated. services and Central Fund contributions.
Central Fund claims and provisions Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when
Central Fund claims and provisions (Undertakings) are accounted services are transferred to the customer at an amount that reflects
for when they are approved by the Council and become contractual the consideration to which the Society expects to be entitled in
commitments. These Undertakings are granted wholly at the exchange for those services.
discretion of the Council for a fixed period, normally one year, and
— Members’ subscriptions, market charges and other services
therefore are not deemed to be constructive obligations, except
are recognised in the period for which the service is provided.
for renewals of those commitments previously granted.
These are recognised on a basis that reflects the timing, nature
For those corporate members in provisional liquidation, the Council and value of the benefits provided and are net of rebates;
provides a supporting commitment, which will ensure that in no — Central Fund contributions from members underwriting in the
circumstance will an insurance creditor receive less than the year are recognised in the period for which the service is
amount it would have received in a winding up commencing on the provided; and
date of the provisional liquidation. As the supporting Undertakings
— Other income is recognised on a basis that reflects the timing,
are legally enforceable commitments, an estimate of their value is
nature and value of the benefits provided. Other income includes
included within provisions in the Group financial statements and
rental income from the sub-lease of properties held under
changes during the period are reflected in the Group profit and
operating lease contracts.
loss account. The Council has provided no such supporting
commitments during the year and therefore no provision is held For members’ subscriptions, market charges and other services,
at year end. and Central Fund contributions, the period for which the service
is provided is the financial year, and performance obligations are
Recoveries in respect of Undertakings previously given are credited
generally satisfied within the financial year. Revenue arising in
to the Group profit and loss account when contractually committed
respect of members’ subscriptions and Central Fund contributions
to be received.
are calculated by applying a percentage to the forecast gross
(n) Syndicate loans written premiums of each syndicate underwriting year.
Syndicate loans comprise loans issued to strengthen the
Where performance obligations are not satisfied in the financial
Society’s central resources and facilitate the injection of capital
year, revenue is recognised based on the extent to which service
into Lloyd’s Europe.
obligations are completed. Judgement has been applied in
The amount collected was based on a percentage of the syndicate determining revenue recognised for the year.
gross written premium forecast. The loans are treated as equity as
Share of profits from associates and joint ventures are recognised
there is no contractual obligation to settle the loans and the Society
as stated in note 2(g).
may elect not to settle at its sole discretion (other than on liquidation).
On initial recognition, syndicate loans are measured at fair value and Debtors represent the Society’s right to an amount of consideration
are not subsequently revalued. Further details on syndicate loans can that is unconditional (only the passage of time is required before
be found in note 23. payment of the consideration is due).
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 130

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(As at 31 December 2022)
2. Summary of significant accounting (t) Taxation
policies continued Corporation tax on the profit or loss for the periods presented
comprise current and deferred tax. Corporation tax is recognised
(r) Non-technical operating expenses
in the Group profit and loss account except to the extent that it
Non-technical operating expenses comprise costs relating to the
relates to items recognised directly in the Group statement of
operating activities of the Society. These costs are charged to the
comprehensive income.
Group profit and loss account as incurred. Non-technical operating
expenses comprise employment costs, premises costs, legal and Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for
professional fees, systems and communications costs, Central Fund the year, using tax rates enacted, or substantively enacted, at the
protection cover costs, depreciation and amortisation and interest reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of
expense. previous years.
All of the Society’s leases are classified as operating leases, as a Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary
significant portion of the risk and rewards of ownership are retained differences and deferred tax assets are recognised for all
by the lessor. Payments under operating leases, net of lease deductible temporary differences and unutilised tax losses to
incentives received, are recognised as an expense in the Group the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available
profit and loss account on a straight-line basis over the term of the against which the deductible temporary differences or tax losses
lease. The Society’s leases mainly comprise properties, including can be utilised.
the 1986 building.
Deferred tax is measured on an undiscounted basis at the rates
(s) Investment return that are expected to apply in the periods in which timing differences
reverse, based on tax rates and laws enacted or substantively
Investment return comprises all investment income, realised
enacted at the reporting date.
investment gains and losses and movements in unrealised gains and
losses.
3. Transition from IFRS to UK GAAP
Investment income
Investment income includes: (a) Changes in accounting policy arising on the
transition from IFRS to UK GAAP
— Interest receivable, recognised on a time apportioned basis using
the effective interest method. Any unwinding of discount is As a consequence of adopting FRS 102 and FRS 103, the
accounting policies that have been applied are under UK GAAP.
recognised as interest income;
The changes in accounting policies and, where applicable, the
— Dividend income from equity investments on the ex-dividend date;
financial impact of restating the comparative amounts, are set out
and
below. Other changes in accounting policies with no financial impact
— Realised gains and losses on financial instruments, including are also outlined in the following sections.
derivative contracts, calculated as the difference between net
Changes in accounting policy that have a net impact on the
sales proceeds and purchase price.
balance sheet or statement of comprehensive income on
Unrealised gains/(losses) on investments transition
Movement in unrealised gains and losses on investments represent Leases accounted for by lessees: IFRS 16 requires lessees to
the difference between the valuation at the balance sheet date and recognise all leases on the balance sheet (other than certain low
the valuation at the last balance sheet date or their purchase price value or short-term leases) by the recognition of a right-of-use
for those acquired during the period, together with the reversal of asset and a related lease liability. Under UK GAAP, leases are
unrealised gains or losses recognised in earlier accounting periods classified as either operating or finance leases depending on
in respect of investment disposals in the current period. whether the lease transfers substantially all the risks and rewards
incidental to ownership of the underlying asset. Leases classified
The Society enters into forward currency contracts to manage
as operating leases are not included on the balance sheet, but the
exposures to fluctuation in foreign exchange rates, and to provide
lease rentals are recognised as an expense as incurred. All of the
a service to the Lloyd’s market. Where gains and losses are not
Society’s leases are classified as operating leases and lease costs
expected to be refunded or recovered from the Lloyd’s market,
are recognised as incurred. The Society’s leases mainly comprise
these amounts are taken to the Group profit and loss account.
properties, including the 1986 building. The impact of the
Investment expenses and charges change in accounting policy on the current and comparative
Investment expenses and charges comprise costs relating to the reporting periods is outlined below.
investing activities of the Society and impairment charges on
financial assets held at amortised cost. These costs are charged
to the Group profit and loss account as incurred.
1 31 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Changes in accounting policy that have no net impact on Accordingly, there is no net impact on the profit before tax or total
the balance sheet or statement of comprehensive income capital and reserves for the consolidated Group arising from such
on transition change in accounting policies and/or resulting adjustments.
Insurance contracts: As permitted by IFRS 4, the Society adopted Financial assets and liabilities: FRS 102 provides entities with
an IFRS measurement basis for insurance contracts that was an accounting policy choice in respect of the recognition and
a continuation of the policies applied prior to adopting IFRS. For measurement of financial assets and liabilities between applying:
insurance contracts issued by or transferred to Lloyd’s Europe and (i) the provisions of both Section 11 and Section 12 of FRS 102 in
Lloyd’s China, balances are calculated in accordance with Belgian full (a simplified version of the requirements in IAS 39 ‘Financial
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (Belgian GAAP) and Instruments: Recognition and Measurement’); (ii) the recognition
China Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (China GAAP) and measurement provisions of IAS 39 (prior to its amendment
respectively. FRS 103 similarly allows a continuation of previous on the publication of IFRS 9 ‘Financial Instruments’); or (iii) the
practice and so the Society continues to apply the same recognition recognition and measurement provisions of IFRS 9 and IAS 39
and measurement basis. As stated in note 2(i), Insurance and (as amended following the publication of IFRS 9), where hedge
reinsurance contracts, certain principal differences between UK accounting is applicable. The Group has taken the option to apply
GAAP and Belgian and China GAAP have not been adjusted as the recognition and measurement requirements of IFRS 9 and IAS
these are permitted under FRS 103 or are not material to the Group 39 (as amended following the publication of IFRS 9).
profit and loss account or capital and reserves. In addition, as stated
in note 2(i), other presentation changes have been made to align
with UK GAAP. Lloyd’s Europe and Lloyd’s China comprise the
insurance businesses of the Society and 100% reinsure their
liabilities to syndicates.
(b) Reconciliation of total equity
FRS 102 Section 35.13 (b) requires a reconciliation of the Society’s equity under the previous financial reporting framework to equity under
UK GAAP. The table below shows a reconciliation of equity under IFRS to UK GAAP at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2021.
31 December 1 January
2021 2021
£m £m
Total equity reported under IFRS 3,050 3,023
Impact of the change in lease accounting1 8 6
Total capital and reserves reported under UK GAAP 3,058 3,029
1. The impact of removing the right-of-use assets, lease liabilities and related balances recognised in accordance with IFRS 16 for leases treated as operating leases under FRS 102, net
of the impact on the tax liabilities.
(c) Reconciliation of the Statement of Comprehensive Income for 2021
FRS 102 Section 35.13 (c) requires a reconciliation of the profit or loss determined under the Society’s previous financial reporting
framework in the most recent financial statements to the equivalent profit or loss using UK GAAP. The table below shows a reconciliation of
the total comprehensive income from the 31 December 2021 IFRS financial statements to the equivalent total under UK GAAP.
2021
£m
Total comprehensive income reported under IFRS 46
Impact of the change in lease accounting on the profit and loss statement2 2
Total comprehensive income reported under UK GAAP 48
2. The impact of removing the right-of-use assets, lease liabilities and related balances recognised in accordance with IFRS 16 for leases treated as operating leases under FRS 102,
net of the impact on the tax liabilities. The capital and reserves reported under UK GAAP at 31 December 2022 are impacted by the same amount.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 132

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(As at 31 December 2022)
3. Transition from IFRS to UK GAAP continued
(d) Presentational and other changes arising on the transition from IFRS to UK GAAP
The Society’s insurance business carried out by its insurance subsidiaries, Lloyd’s Europe and Lloyd’s China, have been re-presented to
present a technical account and non-technical account.
— Technical account presentation: net technical operating expenses and other technical income related to the Society’s insurance
operations (primarily Lloyd’s Europe and Lloyd’s China) are presented in the technical account, together with the results from
underwriting. Costs and income related to the investment portfolio are presented in the non-technical account as these are not
considered as assets covering technical provisions.
— Non-technical income: comprises the Society’s income from members’ subscriptions, various market charges (including the overseas
operating charge) and Central Fund contributions and is presented in the non-technical account. There are no significant changes in the
basis of revenue recognition.
— Non-technical operating expenses: comprise costs relating to the operating activities of the Society, excluding the insurance operations.
These costs are charged to the profit and loss account as incurred and are presented in the non-technical account.
(e) Comparative disclosures
Comparative balances have been restated to reflect changes to presentation in the current year following the conversion from IFRS to
UK GAAP. As part of the UK GAAP conversion additional correcting adjustments have been made to premiums receivable to report
balances gross of related commissions payable and to reinsurance balances to report gross of the related commissions and reinsurer’s
share of paid claims. These balances were reported on a net basis in 2021. These adjustments have had no net impact on total capital and
reserves reported in prior periods.
2021
(UK GAAP 2021
presentation) (Restated1)
As at 31 December 2021 £m £m
Debtors arising out of direct insurance operations 1,012 1,595
Debtors arising out of reinsurance operations 541 1,358
Other prepayments and accrued income 87 140
Other assets2 13,121 13,145
Total assets 14,761 16,238
Creditors arising out of direct insurance operations 4 420
Creditors arising out of reinsurance operations 1,625 2,643
Other creditors including taxation and social security 196 216
Other capital, reserves and liabilities 12,936 12,959
Total capital, reserves and liabilities 14,761 16,238
1. Comparatives as at 31 December 2021 have also been restated to meet the presentational requirements of UK GAAP and for measurement differences compared to the previous IFRS
accounting standards.
2. Other assets is the balance of assets on the restated balance sheet not affected by the transition.
A correcting adjustment has been made to the Group Statement of Cash Flows presented for the year ended 31 December 2021 to record
the effect of a restatement presented in the prior year comparatives as at 31 December 2020 in relation to statutory insurance deposits.
This adjustment has no net impact on net cash used in investing activities reported in prior periods.
2021
(UK GAAP 2021
presentation) (Restated)
For the year ended 31 December 2021 £m £m
Purchase of equity and debt instruments (4,142) (4,032)
Sale of equity and debt instruments 4,102 3,992
1 33 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
4. Critical accounting judgements and estimation uncertainty
In preparing the financial statements, significant estimates and judgements are made in respect of some of the items reported, based on
historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events.
(a) Significant judgements in applying the accounting policies
The main areas of accounting judgement on policy application are:
Allowance for risk and uncertainty within claims provisions
In setting the provision for insurance liabilities an allowance for risk and uncertainty is added. The objective is to ensure that local statutory
requirements and management’s reasonable expectations have been met. The insurance reserves including the allowance for uncertainty is
100% reinsured and there is no impact on the profit before tax or net assets of the consolidated Group.
Defined benefit pension scheme
The Group has obligations to pay pension benefit liabilities to certain employees. The cost of these benefits and the present value of the
obligation depend on a number of factors, including the discount rate on corporate bonds, life expectancy, salary increases and asset
valuations. Management estimates these factors in determining the net pension obligation in the balance sheet. The assumptions reflect
the historical experience and current trends. The carrying value of the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme is a surplus of £57m (2021: deficit of £102m)
which has been recognised as an asset in the balance sheet. See note 21.
Fair value of financial instruments
The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined by using valuation techniques. The Society has
extended a loan that is categorised at Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The carrying value of this asset is £67m (2021: £77m). Judgement
is used to select a method and make assumptions based on market conditions existing at the end of each reporting period. See note 5 for
discussion of the related interest rate and credit risks.
(b) Sources of estimation uncertainty
There are a number of accounting assumptions made by the Society about the future, and other sources of estimation uncertainty at the
end of the reporting period, that could result in misstatement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities. In the next year, the
assumptions considered to bring significant risk of material change are as follows:
— The ultimate liability arising from claims made under insurance contracts and asset arising from reinsurance contracts;
— Defined benefit pension scheme; and
— Climate change.
We have previously disclosed the impact of provisions on the repair and maintenance of the 1986 building and pipeline premiums. Whilst still
sources of uncertainty, they are not deemed to present a risk of material misstatement in the next year.
The ultimate liability arising from claims made under insurance contracts and asset arising from reinsurance contracts
The estimation of the ultimate liability arising from claims made under insurance contracts and the related asset arising from the 100%
reinsurance quota share agreements in place are significant accounting estimates. The carrying amount of the liability is £7,311m (2021:
£5,654m) and asset is £7,311m (2021: £5,654m). There are several sources of uncertainty that need to be considered in the estimate of the
liability that the Group will ultimately pay for such claims. In particular, in respect of claims arising from the war in Ukraine and inflation, there
remains considerable uncertainty as to the ultimate amounts at which they will be settled. The current inflationary environment is a risk to
the estimation of the insurance liabilities and inflation has been monitored throughout the year. It has been specifically considered using
outstanding claims in conjunction with inflation estimates at total market class of business and an additional uplift has been allowed for in
the reserves of Lloyd's Europe.
In respect of the war in Ukraine, the market has reserved £1.4bn of liabilities (£1.1bn at 30 June 2022), with a proportion of those liabilities
being provided for in Lloyd's Europe and relating to aviation leasing. Lloyd's Europe is currently aware of nine claims in total which have been
brought against it in England and Ireland (ie. claims in which it is a named defendant) and is aware of one further claim that is likely to be
issued. Each claim is brought by aviation lessors in respect of policies covering aircraft operating in Russia and related countries in 2022. The
legal proceedings are at an early stage and although some are more advanced than others, there are key procedural matters and factual and
legal questions yet to be resolved in all of the actions. It is therefore too early to comment on the potential outcome of these cases. Lloyd's
Europe understands there are a number of other similar claims brought against the relevant Lloyd’s syndicates directly (ie. claims in which
Lloyd's Europe is not a named defendant) in those jurisdictions and others in respect of business not underwritten through Lloyd's Europe. It
is noted that Lloyd's Europe has 100% quota share reinsurance agreements in place with the relevant Lloyd’s syndicates in respect of the
business it has underwritten.
The level of provision has been set on the basis of the information that is currently available. While the Council considers that the gross
provision for claims and the related reinsurance recoveries are fairly stated on the basis of the information currently available to them, the
ultimate liability will vary as a result of subsequent information and events and may result in significant adjustments to the amount provided.
Adjustments to the amount of the provision are reflected in the financial statements for the period in which the adjustments are made. The
methods used, and the estimates made, are reviewed regularly. See note 25 for disclosures relating to these provisions and note 5 for
discussion of the related risks.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 134

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(As at 31 December 2022)
4. Critical accounting judgements and estimation uncertainty continued
(b) Sources of estimation uncertainty continued
Defined benefit pension scheme
Significant assumptions are made to estimate the actuarial value of the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme and other defined benefit plan liabilities.
Judgement is required in determining the appropriateness of the basis of assumptions underpinning the estimated actuarial value of
scheme liabilities. The demographic assumptions that are the most financially significant are those relating to the life expectancy of retired
members. The major financial assumptions used by the actuary are the discount rate on corporate bonds, the rate of price inflation and
the rate of increase in future pension payments. The assumptions reflect historical experience and current trends. See note 21 for the
disclosures relating to the defined benefit pension schemes. The carrying value of the scheme assets is £706m and scheme liabilities is
£649m (2021: net scheme liabilities of £102m).
Climate change
As set out in the principal risks to Lloyd’s strategic priorities on page 12, Lloyd’s continues to monitor and manage risks associated to
physical, transition and litigation risks associated to climate change. There is inherent complexity and uncertainty in how the future climate
pathway will develop, however, the current management view is that reasonably possible changes arising from climate risk would not have
a material Impact on asset and liability valuations at the year end date.
5. Insurance and financial risk
(a) Insurance risk
This is the risk arising from the inherent uncertainties as to the occurrence, amount and timing of insurance liabilities.
Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A. (Lloyd’s Europe) and Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited (Lloyd’s China) are the principal
insurance businesses of the Society. The companies’ principal activity is to provide reinsurance of non-life business and direct non-life
insurance in the European and Chinese insurance markets, respectively. Lloyd’s syndicates participate in Lloyd’s Europe and Lloyd’s China
business by means of retrocession agreements. Lloyd’s Europe and Lloyd’s China have reinsured and retroceded 100% of the insurance
risk for all underwritten premiums to Lloyd’s syndicates. As such, insurance risk after this is nil. Therefore, an increase or decrease in
estimated technical provisions has a corresponding impact on the reinsurers’ share of technical provisions, and nil net impact on the
Society’s claims incurred, net of reinsurance and profit before tax for the year and the Capital and reserves at the balance sheet date.
The Society’s insurance risk can be subdivided into the following categories:
(i) underwriting risk;
(ii) reserving risk;
(iii) credit risk;
(iv) catastrophe risk; and
(v) concentration risk.
Lloyd’s Europe accounts for 98% (2021: 97%) of the Society’s gross written premiums for the year. As such, the vast majority of the
Society’s gross insurance risk relates to the operations of Lloyd’s Europe.
Underwriting risk
There is a risk that a policy will be written for too low a premium, provide inappropriate cover, or that the frequency or severity of insured
events will be higher than expected.
Lloyd’s Europe and Lloyd’s China underwrite business introduced by Lloyd’s syndicates in line with their approved business plans. As
outlined on page 43, approval of syndicates’ business plans (which includes the syndicates’ underwriting strategy) is the key control the
Society uses to manage the underwriting risk of Lloyd’s Europe and Lloyd’s China.
The Society has controls in place to ensure that risks are underwritten within regulatory requirements and the scope of Lloyd’s market
licences. Controls are also in place to ensure reinsurance agreements are in place with syndicates to retrocede 100% of the insurance risk
of all underwritten premiums.
Reserving risk
Reserving risk arises where the reserves established in the balance sheet are not adequate to meet eventual claims arising. Lloyd’s Europe
and Lloyd’s China estimate incurred but not reported (IBNR) claims based on case reserves set by managing agents, their own historic
claims development data and, in the case of Lloyd’s Europe, historic claims development data for policies under the Part VII transfer of
EEA insurance liabilities transferred from Lloyd’s syndicates. Lloyd’s Europe and Lloyd’s China reserves are annually subject to a formal
independent actuarial opinion.
Specific reserving issues for the Society reflect those for the market as a whole in the geographic areas business is written, as outlined on
page 43. In particular, Lloyd’s Europe has gross exposure to losses arising from the war in Ukraine. The resulting increase in energy prices
and high rates of inflation have been specifically considered in estimating reserves. Any change in the estimated ultimate loss ratio has a nil
net impact on Capital and reserves in the balance sheet as all risks are 100% reinsured.
For Lloyd’s Europe, the ultimate claim cost including claims expense reserves is determined using actuarial techniques based primarily on
historical experience, actual claims experience and in accordance with their statutory reporting requirements. Significant judgement is
required in applying these actuarial techniques in order to calculate the expected ultimate claims and expenses. A combined approach is
taken with the provisions for the business transferred through the Part VII agreement in 2020, calculated using the same techniques as for
the business originally written through Lloyd’s Europe. An explicit allowance is also derived for specific claims that are thought to require an
additional IBNR allowance, such as for the war in Ukraine, primarily using ultimate claims estimates provided by the syndicates.
1 35 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
For Lloyd’s China, the ultimate claim cost is determined based on historical experience, the expected loss ratio provided by the syndicates,
actual claims experience and in accordance with their statutory reporting requirements. Claims expense reserves are calculated with
reference to actual claims expenses and future developing trends by line of business. Significant judgement is required in assessing the
expected loss ratios provided by syndicates to determine whether the provision for insurance claims held for prior underwriting years is
reasonable. Changes in loss ratios for one or more lines of business have had a relatively insignificant impact on the valuation of insurance
contract liabilities as a whole.
For Lloyd’s China only, outstanding claims reserves are calculated taking the time value of money into account. The discount rate used
is the same as that used for the calculation of the unexpired risk reserve.
Credit risk
Lloyd’s Europe and Lloyd’s China are exposed to credit risks primarily associated with insurance and reinsurance arrangements with
its insurance counterparties. The most significant credit risk is the recoverability of the Society’s reinsurance assets receivable from
syndicates under the 100% reinsurance agreements. Credit risk is minimised by actively monitoring the creditworthiness of counterparties
to ensure this is managed proactively. Judgement is required in determining expected credit losses on the current reinsurance assets.
Expected credit losses are calculated and recognised as described in note 2(j).
Catastrophe risk
Catastrophe risk is the risk of loss occurring across all lines of business from worldwide catastrophic events. The Society has developed
a suite of Realistic Disaster Scenarios to measure syndicate level and aggregate market exposure to both natural catastrophes and man-
made losses. These are monitored frequently, and additional information is provided by syndicates as described on page 44. In addition,
enhancements to the monitoring and oversight of aggregate market catastrophe risk exposure have been implemented within the
approved internal model under Solvency II.
Concentration risk
As described on page 53, the Society monitors concentrations of risk against defined risk appetites. Any reported metrics outside of
appetite are reported to, and discussed by, the Lloyd’s Europe or Lloyd’s China Audit and Risk Committee.
Claims development table
The table below shows the development of claims over a period of time on a gross basis. The claims development table shows the
cumulative incurred claims, including both notified and incurred but not reported claims for each successive year, together with cumulative
claims at the current reporting date.
2017 and
prior 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total
£m £m £m £m £m £m £m
At end of underwriting year 473 84 813 4,596 918 929 –
One year later 538 112 1,647 5,038 2,688 – –
Two years later 555 102 1,592 4,903 – – –
Three years later 540 104 1,520 – – – –
Four years later 545 103 – – – – –
Five years later 562 – – – – – –
Current estimate of cumulative claims 562 103 1,520 4,903 2,688 929 10,705
Cumulative payments to date (500) (83) (776) (1,685) (318) (32) (3,394)
Total provision for insurance claims 62 20 744 3,218 2,370 897 7,311
As the Lloyd’s Europe and Lloyd’s China insurance liabilities are 100% reinsured and comprise the vast majority of the Society’s insurance
business, the Society has not prepared a claims development table on a net basis.
The claims development table above includes claims relating to the 2020 and prior underwriting year EEA business transferred under the
Part VII agreement on 30 December 2020. All liabilities transferred are included within the 2020 underwriting year.
(b) Financial risk
The Society’s risk management of investment operations is predominantly controlled by the Lloyd’s Treasury and Investment Management
department under policies approved by the Investment Committee. The department identifies, evaluates and hedges financial risks in close
cooperation with the Society’s operating units. The Council provides written principles for overall risk management, as well as policies
covering specific areas, such as foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk, credit risk, use of derivative financial instruments and non-
derivative financial instruments, and investment of excess liquidity.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 136

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(As at 31 December 2022)
5. Insurance and financial risk continued
(c) Credit risk
Credit risk is the exposure to loss if a counterparty fails to perform its contractual obligations. Other than the credit risk on the 100%
reinsurance agreements with syndicates, the Society’s primary credit risk relates to its financial investments and cash balances. Refer
to note 15 for classification of assets according to credit ratings. The Society is also exposed to credit risk in its premium debtors.
Credit risk in respect of premium debt is controlled through broker approval and regular monitoring of premium settlement performance.
The carrying amount of financial assets and reinsurance assets represents the maximum credit risk exposure.
(d) Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that there are insufficient funds to meet liabilities, as they fall due.
The value and term of short-term assets are carefully monitored against those of the Society’s liabilities. The Society maintains sufficient
liquid assets to meet liabilities as they fall due.
The liquidity of the Central Fund is managed to meet short-term operational commitments, including the payment of any drawdown.
Any surplus cash balances are invested in compliance with defined investment parameters approved by the Investment Committee,
in accordance with the risk appetite set by the Council.
The Society had no committed borrowing facilities as at 31 December 2022 or 2021. The primary long-term financial liabilities of the
Society are subordinated debt and senior loan notes which are detailed in note 24, including details of the maturity of these liabilities.
The Society has a strong free cash balance at 31 December 2022 of £282m (31 December 2021: £268m), with additional holdings in short-
term investments, making the Society’s liquidity very strong.
(e) Market risk
Market risk is the risk of loss, or of adverse change in a financial situation resulting from fluctuations in the level of market prices of assets
and liabilities arising from exposure to economic variables and market forces such as interest rates, foreign currency rates or inflation.
Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that the value and future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in interest rates.
Interest rate risk arising from the requirement to make fixed rate coupon payments in respect of the Society’s senior and subordinated
debt, and discretionary fixed rate coupon payments in respect of the Society syndicate loans, is considered in conjunction with the market
risk arising on the Society’s investments.
Borrowings from the Lloyd’s market for the purpose of funding statutory insurance deposits do not bear a fixed rate of interest. Instead,
investment returns earned on the borrowed assets are passed on to lenders. Consequently, no interest rate risk arises on such borrowings.
Short-term assets held by the Society may be significant at certain times. These are invested in money market instruments of up to
12 months’ duration with the objective of maximising current income while meeting liquidity requirements.
As part of the strategy to mitigate these risks, the Society has entered into a number of interest rate swap contracts.
The analysis below is performed for reasonably possible movements in interest rates with all other variables held constant, showing the
impact on the profit before tax of the effects of changes in interest rates.
2022 2021
+ 50 basis points (28) (34)
- 50 basis points 28 34
+ 100 basis points (55) (67)
- 100 basis points 55 67
Foreign currency risk
Currency risk is the risk that the sterling value of the Society’s assets and liabilities will fluctuate, due to changes in foreign exchange
rates. The Society’s exposure to the risk of changes in the foreign exchange rates relates primarily to changes in the fair value of foreign
currency denominated investments and forward contracts.
The majority of foreign exchange exposures arising from investments denominated in foreign currencies are managed via a foreign
exchange hedging programme. The Society also hedges against the portion of the capital requirement denominated in US dollars, in
excess of US dollar holdings. As a result, the Society has remaining net exposures to foreign currencies and the sterling value of the
Society’s investments may be affected by movements in exchange rates relating to these exposures.
A 10% strengthening or weakening of pounds sterling, against all other currencies, at 31 December would have reduced/increased the
profit before tax for the financial year by £317m (2021: £323m). This analysis is presented net of foreign exchange hedges and assumes
that all other variables remain constant.
1 37 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Equity price risk
Equity price risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market
prices (other than those arising from interest rate risk or currency risk), whether those changes are caused by factors specific to the
individual financial instrument or its issuer, or factors affecting all similar financial instruments traded in the market.
Such risks are managed by setting and monitoring objectives and constraints on investments, diversification plans and limits on investments
in each sector and market.
The analysis below is performed for reasonably possible movements in market indices on financial instruments with all other variables held
constant, showing the impact on the result before tax due to changes in fair value of financial assets and liabilities (whose fair values are
recorded in the profit and loss account).
2022 2021
5% increase in equity markets 26 23
5% decrease in equity markets (26) (23)
15% increase in equity markets 78 70
15% decrease in equity markets (78) (70)
6. Segmental analysis
Segmental information is presented in respect of the Society’s business segments. The primary business segments are based on the
Society’s management and internal reporting structure. Intra-segment pricing is determined on an arm’s-length basis. Segmental results,
assets and liabilities include items directly attributable to a segment, as well as those that can be allocated on a reasonable basis.
The Society’s primary business segments are as follows:
(vi) Corporation of Lloyd’s: the main corporate purposes are to facilitate the carrying on of insurance business by members of Lloyd’s and
the advancement and protection of their interests in this context. The activities of authorised insurance company subsidiary
undertakings (primarily Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A. and Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited) are included within this
business segment; and
(vii) Lloyd’s Central Fund: these funds, comprising the New Central Fund and Old Central Fund, are assets of the Society and are held and
administered at the discretion of the Council, primarily as funds available for the protection of the policyholders. Unless the approval of
members is obtained, the New Central Fund may not be used for the purposes of extinguishing or reducing liabilities which have been
reinsured by Equitas Reinsurance Limited.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 138

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(As at 31 December 2022)
6. Segmental analysis continued
2022 2021 (Restated)
Lloyd’s Lloyd’s
Corporation Central Society Corporation Central Society
of Lloyd’s Fund total of Lloyd’s Fund total
Segment revenue and expenses Note £m £m £m £m £m £m
Technical account
Earned premiums, net of reinsurance – – – – – –
Other technical income 8 – 8 – 9
9
Claims incurred, net of reinsurance – – – – – –
Net operating income/(expenses) 22 – 22 (5) – (5)
Balance on the technical account
for general business 30 – 30 4 – 4
Non-technical account
Total investment return (22) (155) (177) (1) 79 78
Investment expenses and charges – (2) (2) – (4) (4)
Profit/(loss) on exchange 10 231 241 8 (32) (24)
Non-technical income 10 334 157 491 307 143 450
Non-technical operating expenses 11 (362) (97) (459) (402) (96) (498)
(Loss)/profit before tax (10) 134 124 (84) 90 6
Tax (charge)/credit on (loss)/profit (6) (20) (26) 18 (17) 1
(Loss)/profit after tax (16) 114 98 (66) 73 7
Segment assets and liabilities
Financial investments 15 1,592 2,778 4,370 1,464 2,835 4,299
Cash at bank and in hand 784 383 1,167 764 419 1,183
Deferred tax asset 12 – 12 57 – 57
Tax receivable 1 9 10 – – –
Reinsurers’ share of technical provisions 9,248 – 9,248 7,151 – 7,151
Debtors arising out of direct insurance
operations 2,086 – 2,086 1,595 – 1,595
Debtors arising out of reinsurance 1,491 – 1,491 1,358 – 1,358
operations
Other assets 131 582 713 2 593 595
Total assets 15,345 3,752 19,097 12,391 3,847 16,238
Technical provisions 9,248 – 9,248 7,151 – 7,151
Tax provisions 2 – 2 (15) 17 2
Deposits received from reinsurers 1,161 – 1,161 1,096 – 1,096
Creditors arising out of direct insurance
operations 509 – 509 420 – 420
Creditors arising out of reinsurance
operations 3,231 – 3,231 2,643 – 2,643
Subordinated debt and amounts owing to
credit institutions 24 303 603 906 299 796 1,095
Other liabilities 691 66 757 724 49 773
Total capital and reserves 200 3,083 3,283 73 2,985 3,058
Total capital, reserves and liabilities 15,345 3,752 19,097 12,391 3,847 16,238
1 39 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
7. Particulars of insurance business
The geographical analysis of direct written premiums where contracts were concluded is as below:
2022 2021
£m £m
European Economic Area (‘EEA’) 3,164 2,659
China 63 73
Total 3,227 2,732
Refer also to note 25 for details of insurance balances.
8. Net operating income/(expenses) – technical account
2022 2021
£m £m
Acquisition costs (654) (561)
Change in deferred acquisition costs 60 19
Administrative expenses (54) (70)
Reinsurance commissions and profit participation 670 607
Total net operating income/(expenses) 22 (5)
9. Total investment return and investment expenses and charges
2022 2021
£m £m
Income from financial investments held at FVTPL 37 28
Income from financial investments held at amortised cost 25 2
Net realised gains/(losses) on derivative contracts 23 (21)
Other net realised (losses)/gains on investments held at FVTPL and amortised cost (55) 82
Total investment income 30 91
Net unrealised gains on derivative contracts 1 4
Other net unrealised losses on financial investments at FVTPL (208) (17)
Total net unrealised losses on financial assets (207) (13)
Total investment return (177) 78
Investment expenses and charges (2) (4)
10. Non-technical income
Non-technical income comprises income from members such as subscriptions, market charges and other services, Central Fund
contributions and share of profits from associates and joint ventures.
Set out below is the disaggregation of the Group’s non-technical income:
2022 2021
Lloyd’s Lloyd’s
Corporation Central Society Corporation Central Society
of Lloyd’s Fund total of Lloyd’s Fund total
£m £m £m £m £m £m
Members’ subscriptions, net of rebate 155 – 155 141 – 141
Market charges and other services:
Market charges 167 – 167 148 – 148
Other charges 5 – 5 9 – 9
Central Fund income – 157 157 – 143 143
Share of profits from associates and joint ventures 7 – 7 9 – 9
Total non-technical income from contracts with
customers 334 157 491 307 143 450
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 140

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(As at 31 December 2022)
11. Non-technical operating expenses
2022 2021
Corporation Lloyd‘s Society Corporation Lloyd‘s Society
of Lloyd’s Central Fund total of Lloyd’s Central Fund total
£m £m £m £m £m £m
Employment costs 171 – 171 168 – 168
Premises 48 – 48 44 – 44
Legal and professional fees 55 2 57 94 3 97
Systems and communications costs 55 – 55 57 – 57
Central Fund protection cover – 56 56 – 47 47
Depreciation and amortisation 10 – 10 10 – 10
Interest expense 11 36 47 11 39 50
Other 12 3 15 18 7 25
Total non-technical operating expenses 362 97 459 402 96 498
(a) Employment costs
2022 2021
Wages and salaries (including bonus) 132 123
Social security costs 16 15
Other pension costs 12 13
Other employment costs 11 17
Total employment costs 171 168
Employment costs exclude those relating to the insurance activities of the Group, which are presented in the technical account.
(b) Legal and professional fees
2022 2021
£m £m
Legal and professional fees, excluding paid to Group’s auditors 54 95
Fees payable to the Group’s auditors for the audit of the Group’s annual accounts 2 1
Fees payable to the Group’s auditors and its associates for other services 1 1
Total legal and professional fees 57 97
Other services payable to the Group’s auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, include audit of the accounts of subsidiaries, audit-related
assurance services (such as work undertaken for on the Aggregate Accounts, Pro Forma Financial Statements and regulatory returns) and
other assurance services.
Legal and professional fees exclude those relating to the insurance activities of the Group, which are included in the technical account.
12. Employees and directors
Employees
Average number of employees (including executive directors) 2022 2021
UK employees (permanent and contract) 1,043 1,089
Overseas employees (permanent and contract) 277 267
Average number of total employees (permanent and contract) 1,320 1,356
Average employee numbers are on a full-time equivalent basis.
Directors
The aggregate amount of remuneration paid to, or receivable by, both executive and non-executive directors (including the highest paid) is
shown in the Annual Remuneration Report on page 89. Post-employment benefits are accruing for three executive directors (2021: three)
under a defined contribution pension scheme. No executive or non-executive directors (2021: none) were members of the defined benefit
pension scheme.
1 41 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
13. Taxation
(a) Tax charge
2021
2022 (Restated)
£m £m
Current tax:
Corporation tax based on profits for the year at 19% (2021: 19%) (6) (5)
Prior year adjustment (1) (1)
Foreign tax suffered (10) (2)
Total current tax (17) (8)
Deferred tax:
Origination and reversal of timing differences
Current year (9) 8
Prior year – 1
Tax (charge)/credit recognised in the Group profit and loss account (26) 1
Analysis of tax (charge)/credit recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income:
Tax credit on syndicate loan interest 3 4
Tax charge on actuarial gain on Group pension liabilities (37) (8)
Tax charge recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income (34) (4)
Total tax charge recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income (60) (3)
(b) Reconciliation of effective tax rate
2021
2022 (Restated)
£m £m
Profit on ordinary activities before tax 124 6
Expected tax at the current rate (24) (1)
Gross up of dividend income (1) (1)
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes (2) (2)
Tax on share of profits of associates and joint ventures 1 2
Deferred tax adjustment relating to change in tax rate 2 3
Deferred tax prior year adjustments – 1
Difference in UK and overseas tax rates (2) –
Overseas tax relief 1 –
Prior year adjustment (1) –
Other – (1)
Tax (charge)/credit (26) 1
In 2022, there were no unrecognised deductible temporary differences (2021: £nil). Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the
tax rate that will apply to the period when an asset is expected to be realised or a liability is expected to be settled. The applicable rate is
that which has been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date. The deferred tax asset is based on the UK corporation
tax rate, which is set to increase to 25% from 1 April 2023 (2021: 19-25%).
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 142

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(As at 31 December 2022)
14. Intangible assets
Software development
Asset
available Asset in
for use development Total
£m £m £m
Cost
At 1 January 2022 73 36 109
Additions 6 7 13
Disposals (3) (21) (24)
Other movements1 6 (6) –
At 31 December 2022 82 16 98
Accumulated amortisation and impairment
At 1 January 2022 (25) (26) (51)
Amortisation for the year (12) – (12)
Impairment for the year (4) (1) (5)
Disposals 3 21 24
Other movements1 (6) 6 –
At 31 December 2022 (44) – (44)
Net book value at 31 December 2022 38 16 54
Net book value at 31 December 2021 48 10 58
1. Other movements relate to the transfer of intangible assets from in development to available for use.
Impairment losses
Impairment reviews are undertaken annually for the assessment of carrying value of assets. As part of the assessment, £5m (2021: £3m), of
the intangible assets were impaired during the year.
Amortisation and impairment charges are recognised within non-technical operating expenses in the Group profit and loss account.
15. Financial investments
2022 2021
£m £m
Carrying Carrying
Note value value
Financial investments at amortised cost
Statutory insurance deposits 15(a) 934 810
Deposits with credit institutions 15(a) 597 758
Loans secured by mortgages1 24 28
Loans (unsecured)2 8 –
Total financial investments at amortised cost3 1,563 1,596
Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss
Financial investments at fair value through profit and loss 15(b) 2,787 2,690
Derivative financial assets 15(c) 20 13
Total financial assets at fair value through profit and loss 2,807 2,703
Total financial investments 4,370 4,299
1. Loans made from the Central Fund to hardship members are related to the valuation of hardship, Limited Financial Assistance Agreement and legal assets. Gains and losses are
included in the Group profit and loss account in the period they arise.
2. During the year, an unsecured loan was provided to an associate of the Group and is repayable in 2026.
3. Financial investments at amortised cost include Corporation £1,100m (2021: £959m) and Central Fund £463m (2021:637m).
1 43 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
(a) Financial investments at amortised cost
Financial investments at amortised cost include investments such as government bonds, treasury bills, letters of credit, call accounts, fixed-
term deposits and cash deposits held in certain countries to satisfy local trading authorisation requirements. These are excluded from cash
and cash equivalents, because these are not available to finance the Society’s day to day operations.
2022 2021
Securities Deposits Total Securities Deposits Total
Statutory insurance deposits £m £m £m £m £m £m
At 1 January 148 662 810 117 690 807
Additions at cost 34 1,333 1,367 60 991 1,051
Disposal proceeds (33) (1,305) (1,338) (25) (1,006) (1,031)
Profit/(loss) on the sale and revaluation of investments 14 81 95 (4) (13) (17)
At 31 December 163 771 934 148 662 810
2022 2021
Securities Deposits Total Securities Deposits Total
Statutory insurance deposits £m £m £m £m £m £m
AAA 1 – 1 1 – 1
AA 150 481 631 137 403 540
A – 285 285 – 250 250
BB 9 – 9 7 – 7
Other 3 5 8 3 9 12
At 31 December 163 771 934 148 662 810
2022 2021
Deposits with credit institutions £m £m
AA 359 421
A 203 330
BBB 35 7
At 31 December 597 758
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 144

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(As at 31 December 2022)
15. Financial investments continued
(b) Financial investments at fair value through profit and loss
2022
2022 Lloyd’s
Corporation Central 2022
of Lloyd’s Fund Total
£m £m £m
At 1 January 504 2,186 2,690
Additions at cost 510 2,032 2,542
Disposal proceeds (512) (1,814) (2,326)
Loss on the sale and revaluation of investments (12) (107) (119)
Fair value at 31 December 490 2,297 2,787
Analysis of securities1
Debt securities and other fixed-income securities:
Government 105 1,229 1,334
Corporate securities 252 473 725
Total debt securities and other fixed-income securities 357 1,702 2,059
Shares and other variable-yield securities and units in unit trusts:
Global equities 1 315 316
Participation in investment pools:
Hedge funds – 18 18
Multi-asset – 131 131
Emerging markets 52 64 116
Developed markets 80 – 80
Other loans2 – 67 67
Fair value at 31 December 490 2,297 2,787
1. All securities are listed, except for hedge funds and other loans.
2. Other loans comprises loan to Constellation IC Limited of £80m in 2021 towards the arrangements made for the protection for Lloyd’s Central Fund, in situations where the Central
Fund makes payments to cover members‘ liabilities. The programme incepted on 1 January 2021 and has an initial fixed duration of five years (with a possible extension to hold
collateral for a further three years to cover adverse claims development). The Society retains the first £600m of claims payable. The total amount of cover provided by the programme
is £650m, with layers provided by Constellation and a panel of reinsurers. The layer covered by Constellation of £450m is 100% collateralised for the five year term. Constellation has
been funded by loans, including £80m from the Society (2021: £80m). The loan is classified and measured at fair value through profit and loss in accordance with the Society’s
accounting policy for financial assets in accordance with IFRS 9 Financial Instruments. Interest income is accrued on the loan.
2022
2022 Lloyd’s
Corporation Central 2022
of Lloyd’s Fund Total
Analysis of securities £m £m £m
AAA 88 310 398
AA 79 901 980
A 62 287 349
BBB 129 244 373
Other 132 555 687
Fair value at 31 December 490 2,297 2,787
1 45 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
2021
2021 Lloyd’s
Corporation Central 2021
of Lloyd’s Fund Total
£m £m £m
At 1 January 533 2,143 2,676
Additions at cost 347 2,634 2,981
Disposal proceeds (340) (2,621) (2,961)
(Loss)/profit on the sale and revaluation of investments (36) 30 (6)
Fair value at 31 December 504 2,186 2,690
Analysis of securities1
Debt securities and other fixed-income securities:
Government 291 1,161 1,452
Corporate securities 213 439 652
Total debt securities and other fixed-income securities 504 1,600 2,104
Shares and other variable-yield securities and units in unit trusts:
Global equities – 357 357
Participation in investment pools:
Hedge funds – 15 15
Multi-asset – 62 62
Emerging markets – 75 75
Other Loans2 – 77 77
Fair value at 31 December 504 2,186 2,690
1. All securities are listed, except for hedge funds and other loans.
2. Other loans comprises loan to Constellation IC Limited of £80m in 2021 towards the arrangements made for the protection for Lloyd’s Central Fund, in situations where the Central
Fund makes payments to cover members‘ liabilities. The programme incepted on 1 January 2021 and has an initial fixed duration of five years (with a possible extension to hold
collateral for a further three years to cover adverse claims development). The Society retains the first £600m of claims payable. The total amount of cover provided by the programme
is £650m, with layers provided by Constellation and a panel of reinsurers. The layer covered by Constellation of £450m is 100% collateralised for the five year term. Constellation has
been funded by loans, including £80m from the Society (2021: £80m). The loan is classified and measured at fair value through profit and loss in accordance with the Society’s
accounting policy for financial assets in accordance with IFRS 9 Financial Instruments. Interest income is accrued on the loan.
2021
2021 Lloyd’s
Corporation Central 2021
of Lloyd’s Fund Total
Analysis of securities £m £m £m
AAA 115 249 364
AA 166 801 967
A 41 298 339
BBB 170 252 422
Other 12 586 598
Fair value at 31 December 504 2,186 2,690
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 146

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(As at 31 December 2022)
15. Financial investments continued
(c) Fair value hierarchy
To provide further information on the valuation techniques used to measure assets and liabilities carried at fair value, the Society
categorises the measurement basis for assets carried at fair value into a ‘fair value hierarchy’, based on the lowest level input that is
significant to the valuation as a whole, described as follows:
Level 1 – Inputs to Level 1 fair values are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. An active market is one in which transactions
for the asset occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. Examples are listed debt
securities in active markets, listed equities in active markets or listed deposits held with credit institutions in active markets.
Fair values are determined using a pricing hierarchy structure for valuation purposes. The valuation principles employed are to provide the
most accurate valuations, while also working to provide independent valuations. The pricing process employs a hierarchy that utilises
numerous third-party sources in a tiered system.
Level 2 – Inputs to Level 2 fair values are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset, either
directly (ie. as prices) or indirectly (ie. derived from prices) and fair value is determined through the use of models or other valuation
methodologies. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar (ie. not identical) assets in active markets, quoted prices for identical or
similar assets in markets that are not active or in which little information is released publicly and low volatility hedge funds where tradable
net asset values are published.
Where estimates are used to value unlisted securities, these are based on a combination of independent third-party evidence and internally
developed models, calibrated to market observable data. While such valuations are sensitive to estimates, changing one or more of the
assumptions to reasonably possible alternative assumptions are unlikely to result in a significant change in fair value.
Level 3 – Inputs to Level 3 fair values are inputs that are unobservable for the asset. Unobservable inputs have been used to measure fair
value where observable inputs are not available, allowing for situations where there is little or no market activity. Unobservable inputs reflect
assumptions that the Society considers that market participants would use in pricing the asset and have been based on a combination of
independent third-party evidence and internally developed models.
2022
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
£m £m £m £m
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Debt securities and other fixed income securities 1,335 725 – 2,060
Shares and other variable yield securities and units in unit trusts 315 – – 315
Participation in investment pools – 345 – 345
Other loans – – 67 67
Total financial investments at fair value through profit and loss 1,650 1,070 67 2,787
Derivative financial instruments
Currency conversion service – 2 – 2
Other forward foreign exchange contracts – 12 – 12
Interest rate swaps – 6 – 6
Total derivative financial instruments – 20 – 20
Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 1,650 1,090 67 2,807
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Derivative financial instruments
Currency conversion service – 2 – 2
Other forward foreign exchange contracts – 10 – 10
Interest rate swaps – 8 – 8
Equity futures – – – –
Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss – 20 – 20
1 47 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
2021
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
£m £m £m £m
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Debt securities and other fixed income securities 1,452 652 – 2,104
Shares and other variable yield securities and units in unit trusts 357 – – 357
Participation in investment pools – 152 – 152
Other loans – – 77 77
Total financial investments at fair value through profit and loss 1,809 804 77 2,690
Derivative financial instruments
Currency conversion service – 1 – 1
Other forward foreign exchange contracts – 11 – 11
Interest rate swaps – 1 – 1
Total derivative financial instruments – 13 – 13
Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 1,809 817 77 2,703
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Derivative financial instruments
Currency conversion service – 1 – 1
Other forward foreign exchange contracts – 12 – 12
Interest rate swaps – 5 – 5
Equity futures – 2 – 2
Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss – 20 – 20
Derivative financial instruments
The Society enters into forward currency contracts to manage exposures to fluctuation of exchange rates and to provide a currency
conversion service to the Lloyd’s market. The Society also enters into interest rate swaps and equity futures to manage exposures aligned
to its investment strategy. The Society’s derivative financial instruments are categorised as fair value hierarchy Level 2.
The fair value and notional amounts of derivative instruments held, all of which mature within one year, are analysed as follows:
2022 Assets 2022 Liabilities
Fair value Notional Fair value Notional
As at 31 December £m £m £m £m
Currency conversion service 2 221 2 220
Other forward foreign exchange contracts 12 414 10 760
Interest rate swaps 6 290 8 292
Equity futures – – – –
Total 20 925 20 1,272
2021 Assets 2021 Liabilities
Fair value Notional Fair value Notional
As at 31 December £m £m £m £m
Currency conversion service 1 187 1 187
Other forward foreign exchange contracts 11 930 12 931
Interest rate swaps 1 296 5 296
Equity futures – 168 2 168
Total 13 1,581 20 1,582
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 148

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(As at 31 December 2022)
15. Financial investments continued
(c) Fair value hierarchy continued
Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3)
The following table presents the changes in the fair value of Level 3 investments for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December
2021:
2022 2021
£m £m
As at 1 January 77 79
Loss recognised in the income statement (10) (2)
As at 31 December 67 77
Level 3 investments are comprised of the loan to Constellation IC Limited of £80m in 2021 towards the arrangements made for the
protection for Lloyd’s Central Fund, in situations where the Central Fund makes payments to cover members' liabilities. Refer to page 145
for further detail.
There were no transfers to or from fair value hierarchy Level 3 for the period ending 31 December 2022.
16. Investments in Group undertakings
Subsidiaries are those entities over which the Society directly or indirectly has the power to govern the operating and financial policies in
order to gain economic benefits. The basis by which subsidiaries are consolidated in the Group financial statements is outlined in the basis
of preparation in note 1.
The following subsidiaries principally affected the Group’s financial position and results for the year ended 31 December 2022, as set out in
the Society Group income statement.
Registered address
Company name Nature of business and country of incorporation
Additional Securities Limited Provision of deposits overseas on behalf of Lloyd’s One Lime Street, London
underwriters to comply with local insurance regulations EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Centrewrite Limited Authorised UK insurance company assisting resigned members One Lime Street, London
of the Society with participations on run-off syndicates to end EC3M 7HA
their affairs at Lloyd’s England and Wales
Lloyd’s Finance Provides additional flexibility regarding the capital structure of One Lime Street, London
Company Limited Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A. (Lloyd’s Europe) EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s Housing General commercial company One Lime Street, London
Support Limited EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s Australia Limited In relation to the Society’s activities within Australia, the Suite 1603, Level 16,
company undertakes certain regulatory compliance and market 1 Macquarie Place, Sydney NSW 2000,
development activities Australia
Lloyd’s Canada Inc. In relation to the Society’s activities within Canada, the company 200 Bay Street, Suite 2930 PO Box 51,
undertakes certain regulatory compliance and market Toronto, Ontario, M5J 2J2
development activities
Lloyd’s Brasil Servicos In relation to the Society’s activities within Brazil, the company Avenida Almirante Barroso 52, Sala2401,
Tecnicos Ltda undertakes certain regulatory compliance and market CEP 20031-918 – Rio de Janeiro, RJ
development activities – Brazil
Lloyd’s Insurance Company In relation to the Society’s activities within China, the company 30th Floor Shanghai Tower, 501 Middle
(China) Limited provides bespoke services to support business development and Yincheng Road, Pudong New Area,
underwriting. The entity is an authorised insurance company Shanghai 200120, China
Lloyd’s Insurance In relation to the Society’s activities within Europe, the company Bastion Tower – Floor 14
Company S.A. provides bespoke services to support business development and 5 Place du Champ de Mars, 1050
underwriting. The entity ensures that Lloyd’s policyholders Bruxelles, Belgium
across the European Economic Area can continue to access the
underwriting expertise and financial security of the Lloyd’s
market, despite the United Kingdom’s exit from the European
Union. The entity is an authorised insurance company and is the
holding company of various other European subsidiaries of the
Society
1 49 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Registered address
Company name Nature of business and country of incorporation
Lloyd’s Japan Inc. In relation to the Society’s activities within Japan, the company Tokyo Club Building 6F
provides bespoke services to support business development and 3-Chome-2-6 Kasumigaseki
underwriting Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-0013 Japan
Lloyd’s Labuan Limited In relation to the Society’s activities within Malaysia, the company Brumby Centre, Lot 42, Jalan Muhibbah,
is licensed to carry on business as underwriting manager 87000 Labuan F.T, Malaysia
Lloyd’s Limited In relation to the Society’s activities within Dubai, the company Unit 4A, Floor 5, Gate Village 8, DIFC,
undertakes certain regulatory compliance and market Dubai, United Arab Emirates
development activities
Lloyd’s of London (Asia) In relation to the Society’s activities within Singapore (and the 138 Market Street, #03-01 CapitaGreen,
Pte Ltd wider region), the company provides bespoke services to Singapore 048946
support business development and underwriting
Lloyd’s of London In relation to the Society’s activities within Greece, the company 25A Boukourestiou Street, 106 71
(Representative Office) acts as a fiscal representative Athens, Greece
Greece Single Member SA
Lloyd’s South Africa In relation to the Society’s activities within South Africa, the 15th floor, The Forum
(Proprietary) Ltd company undertakes certain regulatory compliance and market 2 Maude Street, Sandton, 2146
development activities South Africa
Lloyd’s America Holdings Inc. In relation to the Society’s activities, the company provides 280 Park Avenue, 25th Floor, New York,
Lloyd’s America Inc. certain services in the United States NY 10017
Lloyd’s Kentucky, Inc. Serves as the attorney-in-fact for Underwriters writing licensed 200 W. Main St.
insurance business in Kentucky and the US Virgin Islands. Frankfort, Kentucky
Provides compliance support for licensed business. The US KY 40601-1806
Finance Team is also employed by Lloyd’s Kentucky, Inc
Lloyd’s Illinois, Inc. Serves as the attorney-in-fact for Underwriters writing licensed 181 W Madison Street, Suite 3870
insurance business in Illinois. Provides compliance support for Chicago, Illinois 60602
licensed business, as well as operational and IT support services
in the Americas
The main territory of operation of subsidiaries incorporated in England and Wales is the UK. For overseas subsidiaries, the principal country
of operation is the same as the country of incorporation. All operating subsidiaries have a 31 December year end reporting date with the
exception of Lloyd’s Japan Inc., with the year end reporting date of 31 March. All operating subsidiaries are 100% directly owned by the
Society with the exception of Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A., which is 99% owned by the Society and 1% owned by Lloyd’s Finance
Company Limited.
Restrictions
Lloyd’s operates in more than 200 territories around the world and uses a number of different operating models depending upon local
regulatory requirements. Different countries operate different regulatory regimes and, in some cases, these may place certain restrictions
on the use of capital and assets that are held within those countries, including capital of RMB 1bn (2021: RMB 1bn) within Lloyd’s Insurance
Company (China) Limited and €558m (2021: €556m) in Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A. Lloyd’s proactively manages its international asset
base to ensure that any such restrictions have a minimal impact upon the utilisation of capital and investments or upon the operations of
the Corporation.
Dormant subsidiaries
During the financial year, the Society had, or continues to have, an interest in the following dormant subsidiaries. These subsidiaries are all
100% owned by the Society and have not actively traded for the year ended 31 December 2022.
Registered address
Company name and country of incorporation
Additional Underwriting Agencies (No. 9) Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Additional Underwriting Agencies (No. 10) Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s America Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s Nominees Director Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 150

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(As at 31 December 2022)
16. Investments in Group undertakings continued
Dormant subsidiaries continued
Registered address
Company name and country of incorporation
Lloyd’s Nominees Secretary Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s Aviation Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s Building Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s.com Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s Information Services Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s Life Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s List Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London Press Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s Recoveries Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s Shelf Company 1 Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lutine Nominees & Insurance Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Sharedealer Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
All subsidiary undertakings are included in the consolidated Society Report. The proportions of the voting rights in the subsidiary
undertakings held directly by the Society do not differ from the proportion of the ordinary shares held. With the exception of £1 preference
share for Lloyd’s Building Limited, the Society does not have any preference shares of subsidiary undertakings included in the Group.
Investment in Associates and Joint Ventures
The Society has the following significant holdings which have been included as investments in associates and joint ventures.
Registered address and
Company name country of incorporation Proportion of equity capital held Nature of business
Associates
Ins-sure Holdings Limited Royal Pavilion, Wellesley Road, 25% Provision of premiums and
Aldershot, Hampshire GU11 1PZ claims accounting and
England and Wales settlement, policy production
and ancillary insurance services
principally to the London
insurance market
Xchanging Claims Royal Pavilion, Wellesley Road, 50% Provision of claims and
Services Limited Aldershot, Hampshire GU11 1PZ recoveries services
England and Wales
Joint Ventures
London Market Operations and One Lime Street, London EC3M Limited by guarantee 33% A centralised capability to
Strategic Sourcing Limited 7HA England and Wales source and manage outsourced
market services for the London
insurance market
Placing Platform Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M Limited by guarantee 36% Advance the implementation
7HA England and Wales of digital trading in the
Lloyd’s market
1 51 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
The issued share capital of Ins-sure Holdings Limited is £4,000. There are three classes of shares. The Society holds 1,000,000 B shares
of 0.1p each that have the right to participate in 25% of any profits available for distribution.
The issued share capital of Xchanging Claims Services Limited is £4,001. There are three classes of shares. The Society holds 1,000 A
shares of £1 each and 2,001 C shares of £1 each. The A and C shares have the following rights with respect to dividends:
— The A shares participate in 50% of any profits available for distribution after taking account of the dividend rights outlined above; and
— The C shares carry a right to a fixed cumulative preference dividend of 5%, calculated on the paid-up nominal capital and a variable
participating dividend in priority to the payment of any dividend to the holders of the A and B shares.
The wholly owned subsidiaries of Xchanging Claims Services Limited are LCO Marine Limited and LCO Non-Marine & Aviation Limited; and
for Ins-sure Holdings Limited are Ins-sure Services Limited, London Processing Centre Limited and LPSO Limited.
2022 2021
£m £m
At 1 January 36 24
Share of operating profits 8 11
Share of tax on profit on ordinary activities (1) (2)
Total share of profits of associates and joint ventures 7 9
Share of actuarial (loss)/gain on pension liability (1) 3
At 31 December 42 36
Summarised statement of financial position
Summary of financial information for associates and joint ventures:
London Market
Operations and
Ins-sure Xchanging Claims Placing Platform Strategic
Holdings Limited Services Limited Limited Sourcing Limited
As at 31 December As at 31 December As at 31 December As at 31 December
2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 20211 2022 2021
£m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
Current assets
Cash at bank and in hand 49 56 28 20 13 14 6 4
Debtors, prepayments and accrued 40 13 4 4 7 12 3 4
income
Other assets – 2 – – – – – –
Total current assets 89 71 32 24 20 26 9 8
Non-current assets
Total non-current assets 18 28 1 1 27 9 – –
Current liabilities
Creditors falling due within one year 26 27 10 9 6 2 9 5
Other liabilities 1 – 1 – – 1 – 3
Total current liabilities 27 27 11 9 6 3 9 8
Non-current liabilities
Total non-current liabilities 1 1 – – 8 – – –
Net assets 79 71 22 16 33 32 – –
1. Restated to align to published financial statements
Note: Ins-sure Holdings Limited and Xchanging Claims Services Limited are unaudited figures for both 2022 and 2021. Their last audited financial year end was 31 March 2022. Placing
Platform Limited and London Market Operations and Strategic Sourcing Limited are unaudited figures for 2022 and audited for 2021.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 152

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(As at 31 December 2022)
16. Investments in Group undertakings continued
Summarised statement of comprehensive income
London Market
Operations and
Ins-sure Holdings Xchanging Claims Platform Placing Strategic
Limited Services Limited Limited Sourcing Limited
2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021
£m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
Revenues 85 83 30 31 29 28 22 21
Operating costs (73) (63) (22) (21) (28) (17) (22) (21)
Operating profit 12 20 8 10 1 11 – –
Tax on profit on ordinary activities (4) (4) (2) (2) – (2) – –
Profit for the financial year 8 16 6 8 1 9 – –
Other comprehensive (1) 9 – – – – – –
(expense)/income
Total comprehensive income 7 25 6 8 1 9 – –
17. Tangible assets
Plant and equipment
Computer
and
Furniture specialised Lloyd’s
and fittings equipment Collection Total
£m £m £m £m
Cost
At 1 January 2022 21 15 15 51
Disposals (2) (8) – (10)
At 31 December 2022 19 7 15 41
Depreciation
At 1 January 2022 (15) (11) – (26)
Depreciation charge for the year (2) (1) – (3)
Disposals 3 8 – 11
At 31 December 2022 (14) (4) – (18)
Net book value at 31 December 2022 5 3 15 23
Net book value at 31 December 2021 6 4 15 25
Impairment losses
Impairment reviews are undertaken annually of the recoverability of the carrying value of plant and equipment assets held. As part of this
review, £nil of tangible assets were impaired during the year (2021: £nil).
Lloyd’s Collection
The Lloyd’s Collection represents various paintings, antiques and artefacts. A desktop valuation was conducted by Gurr Johns Limited,
valuers and fine art consultants, in January 2021. The collection was valued at £15m on the basis of open market auction value, assuming all
items are not sold at the same time, taking into account the nature, age, condition and quality of each chattel. The Lloyd’s Collection is
valued every three years unless there is any indication of impairment. There were no indications of impairment in 2022 (2021: £nil).
18. Cash at bank and in hand
2022 2021
£m £m
Cash at banks 679 758
Short-term deposits 488 425
Total cash at bank and in hand 1,167 1,183
Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates, based on daily bank deposit rates. Short-term deposits are made for varying periods of
between one day and three months, depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Society, and earn interest at the respective
short-term deposit rates. The fair value of cash and cash equivalents is £1,167m (2021: £1,183m).
1 53 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
19. Deferred acquisition cost
2022 2021
Reinsurers’ Reinsurers’
Gross share Net Gross share Net
£m £m £m £m £m £m
Balance at 1 January (restated) 277 277 – 275 275 –
Expenses for the acquisition of insurance 662 662 – 572 572 –
contracts during the year
Amortisation (600) (600) – (553) (553) –
Foreign exchange movements 17 17 – (17) (17) –
Balance at 31 December (restated) 356 356 – 277 277 –
Note: Reinsurers’ share of deferred acquisition costs is presented within accruals and deferred income. Please refer to note 28.
20. Other debtors, other assets and prepayments and accrued income
(a) Other debtors
2021
2022 (Restated)
£m £m
Other debtors 17 42
Tax receivable 10 –
Total other debtors 27 42
(b) Other assets
2021
2022 (Restated)
£m £m
Deferred tax asset 12 57
Total other assets 12 57
(c) Other prepayments and accrued income
2021
2022 (Restated)
£m £m
Prepayments1 137 134
Accrued income 7 6
Total prepayments and accrued income 144 140
1. Prepayments include amounts paid for services to Xchanging Global Insurance Solutions Limited (‘XGIS‘) in 2021, which will be received after more than one year from the balance
sheet date of £44m (2021: £55m). Management reviews the recoverability of such prepayment at each reporting period and there are no amounts not considered recoverable at
31 December 2022 (2021: £nil).
21. Pension schemes
Lloyd’s operates a number of defined benefit and defined contribution pension schemes. In the UK, employees are entitled to join a Group
Personal Pension Plan and there is also a closed defined benefit scheme. Other schemes have been established for certain employees
based overseas.
These schemes are generally funded by the payment of contributions to separately administered funds.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 154

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(As at 31 December 2022)
21. Pension schemes continued
Defined benefit pension schemes
The pension surplus/(deficit) of the defined benefit schemes are as follows:
2022 2021
£m £m
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme 57 (102)
Overseas pension schemes (3) (4)
Net surplus/(deficit) from pension schemes 54 (106)
The amounts recognised in the Group profit and loss account and Group statement of comprehensive income in respect of defined benefit
schemes and the defined contribution schemes, are as follows:
2022 2021
£m £m
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme (2) (3)
Overseas pension schemes (2) (2)
Other pension contributions (9) (9)
Total Group profit and loss account (13) (14)
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme 150 73
Overseas pension schemes 1 –
Share of associates’ and joint ventures’ pension (1) 3
Total Group statement of comprehensive income 150 76
The Lloyd’s Pension Scheme
The Lloyd’s Pension Scheme (‘The Scheme’) is a defined benefit pension scheme with assets held in a separately administered fund.
The Scheme provides pensions to members on retirement, as well as benefits on the death of members. The scheme operates in
accordance with the Scheme’s Trust Deed and Rules and relevant legislation. A Board of Trustees manage and administer the scheme;
they are primarily responsible for ensuring that members are paid the correct benefits at the correct time, and that there are sufficient
scheme assets to pay benefits as they fall due.
The Lloyd’s Pension Scheme closed to new members in 2013 and closed to future accrual for existing members on 30 June 2018.
Existing members of the scheme at that time were enrolled into the Group Personal Pension Plan for future pension benefits.
On an FRS 102 Section 28 ‘Employee Benefits’ valuation basis, the pension scheme asset at 31 December 2022 was £57m (2021: £102m
deficit) before the allowance of deferred tax. An actuarial pre-tax gain of £150m has been recognised in the year (2021: £73m gain).
In accordance with paragraph 22 of FRS 102 Section 28 ‘Employee Benefits’, the value of the net pension scheme asset that can be
recognised in the balance sheet is restricted to the present value of economic benefits available in the form of refunds from the scheme
or reductions in future contributions. The Society has recognised the scheme surplus as a defined benefit plan asset as the Scheme
Trust Deed and Rules give the Society the right to a refund of surplus in certain circumstances, and as such the asset is recoverable.
Scheme contributions and funding valuation
UK legislation requires the funding position of the Scheme to be assessed at least every three years by an independent qualified actuary.
Following closure of the Scheme to future benefit accrual, there are no regular monthly contributions paid to the Scheme. However, where
a funding deficit is identified, a recovery plan will be agreed between the Society and the Trustees, setting out the contributions required to
meet the deficit. The net deficit at the date of the previous triennial valuation at 30 June 2019 was £79m and a recovery plan is in place and
has been agreed with the Trustees.
The Trustees are in the process of completing and finalising their formal actuarial valuation of the Scheme as at 30 June 2022, using the
projected unit credit method and the report is awaited, which may indicate changes in the deficit and to the contributions required to meet
the deficit.
Information about the risks of the Scheme to the Society
The ultimate cost of the Scheme to the Society will depend upon actual future events rather than the assumptions made. Many of the
assumptions made may not be borne out in practice and, as such, the cost of the scheme may be higher or lower than disclosed. In general,
the risk to the Society is that the assumptions underlying the disclosures, or the calculation of contribution requirements, are not borne
out in practice and the cost to the Society is higher than expected. This could result in a deficit disclosed and therefore higher recovery
contributions required from the Society. This may also affect the Society’s ability to grant discretionary benefits or other enhancements
to members.
The key assumptions that may not be borne out in practice are unchanged from those described in the 2021 Lloyd’s Annual Report.
A decrease in corporate bond yields will increase the Scheme’s liabilities, although this will be partially offset by an increase in the value
of the Scheme’s bond assets.
1 55 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Principal actuarial assumptions in respect of FRS 102 Section 28
The most significant change compared to the assumptions as outlined in the 2021 Lloyd’s Annual Report is the discount rate, which has
increased to 5.0% (2021: 1.9%). This financial assumption change is the main driver for the £387m reduction in the total liabilities for the
scheme. The discount rate assumption is determined with reference to the yield on corporate bonds at the valuation date, which have
increased since the previous valuation. There has been no change in the methodology used to derive the discount rate compared to the
valuation at 31 December 2021.
Other changes in assumptions compared to the 31 December 2021 valuation do not have a material impact on the net pension asset
balance at 31 December 2022.
The demographic assumptions that are most financially significant are those relating to the life expectancy of retired members. The
mortality table used for the purposes of the valuation is as follows:
2022 2021
Post retirement mortality assumption SAPS Light 3 SAPS Light 3
table: Male table: Male
94%, Female 94%, Female
93% 93%
Additional description of allowance of future mortality improvements CMI 2021 CMI 2018
Life expectancy of a male aged 60 now 28 29
Life expectancy of a female aged 60 now 30 30
Life expectancy of a male aged 60 in 15 years 29 30
Life expectancy of a female aged 60 in 15 years 31 32
The other major financial assumptions used by the actuary are as follows:
2022 2021
% per % per
annum annum
Discount rate 5.00 1.90
Price inflation
– Retail price inflation (RPI) 3.20 3.30
– Consumer price inflation (CPI) 2.70 2.90
General salary and wage inflation N/a N/a
Other financial assumptions, including rate of increase in pensions in-payment, increases to final salary deferred pensions, career average
revaluation in service and in deferment and increase in-payment and guaranteed minimum pension equalisation, are largely similar and not
presented above.
Total market value of assets and actuarial value of Scheme liabilities
Changes in fair value of plan assets were:
2022 2021
£m £m
Fair value of Scheme assets at 1 January 934 906
Interest income on Pension Scheme assets 18 13
Employer contributions 11 11
Benefits paid (30) (28)
Return on plan assets excluding interest income (227) 32
Fair value of Scheme assets at 31 December 706 934
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 156

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(As at 31 December 2022)
21. Pension schemes continued
Total market value of assets and actuarial value of Scheme liabilities continued
Changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligations are:
2022 2021
£m £m
Actuarial value of scheme liabilities at 1 January 1,036 1,089
Current service cost 1 –
Interest cost on Pension Scheme liabilities 19 16
Benefits paid and administrative expenses (30) (28)
Experience losses arising in scheme liabilities 16 4
Change in assumptions underlying the present value of the scheme liabilities
Demographic assumption change (11) –
Financial assumption change (382) (45)
Actuarial value of Scheme liabilities at 31 December 649 1,036
Amounts for the current and previous years were:
2022 2021 2020 2019 2018
Fair value Fair value Fair value Fair value Fair value
Asset/(liability) analysis of the scheme £m £m £m £m £m
Bonds
Corporate bonds 12 29 33 37 33
Index linked bonds 377 482 469 410 374
Equities
UK equities 21 27 25 33 29
Overseas (excluding UK) equities 130 241 230 244 224
Property 67 57 51 53 85
Diversified income credit 35 43 43 41 –
Infrastructure – – – 20 16
Hedge funds 48 43 38 – –
Cash and net current assets 16 12 17 22 12
Total market value of assets 706 934 906 860 773
Actuarial value of scheme liabilities (649) (1,036) (1,089) (997) (860)
Net defined benefit asset/(liability) 57 (102) (183) (137) (87)
All of the Scheme’s assets are quoted in an active market when looking at the underlying asset, apart from hedge funds and property
(2022: £115m; 2021: £100m). The Scheme is not currently invested in any of the Society’s own assets. Approximately 94% (2021: 94%) of
the scheme’s liabilities relate to final salary members and 6% (2021: 6%) relates to CARE members.
1 57 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Sensitivity of pension obligation to changes in assumptions
A 1% pa increase in the discount rate to be adopted as at 31 December 2022 would result in a reduction to the balance sheet liabilities at
that date of around 11.5%, or approximately £75m. A corresponding 1% pa decrease would increase liabilities at that date by around 14.3%,
or approximately £93m.
A 1% pa increase in the assumption for future inflation (both Retail Price Index and Consumer Price Index) as at 31 December 2022, which
would increase future expectations of pension increases and deferred revaluation, would result in an increase in the balance sheet liabilities
at that date of around 4.8%, or approximately £31m. A corresponding 1% pa decrease would reduce liabilities at that date by around 5.3%,
or approximately £34m.
A change in the mortality assumptions could have a significant impact on the liabilities. For instance, if members aged 60 were instead
expected to live for one year longer, with all members’ life expectancies increasing by a proportionate amount, then the liability as at
31 December 2022 would be around 2% higher, or approximately £13m. Similarly, if members aged 60 were instead expected to live for
one year less, then the liability would be around 1.9% lower, or approximately £12m.
The notional fund
The Society recognises the cost of discretionary increases to pre-6 April 1997 benefits in payment when there is a constructive liability to
make such increases. The Society provided £10m in 2007, and a further £20m in 2011, to meet the expected cost of future discretionary
increases. This amount has been notionally segregated from the Scheme’s other assets (the ‘notional fund’) and its investment
performance will be tracked on the assumption that it is invested in the same way as the Scheme’s other assets.
The notional fund will be used to facilitate the award of future discretionary pension increases when the Society carries out its annual
review of pensions in accordance with the Scheme’s Definitive Trust Deed. As long as there is a notional fund set aside for this purpose,
discretionary increases will continue to be considered. As at 31 December 2022, the value of the notional fund was £11m (2021: £23m).
Overseas pension schemes
The Society operates a number of defined benefit schemes for qualifying employees based overseas. The actuarial valuations of these
pension schemes at 31 December 2022 resulted in a deficit of £3m (2021: £4m).
2022 2021
£m £m
Value of assets 2 2
Actuarial value of scheme liabilities (5) (6)
Net defined benefit liability (3) (4)
Lloyd’s Group Personal Pension Plan
UK employees are eligible to join the Lloyd’s Group Personal Pension Plan, which is administered by Aviva. The Group Personal Pension
Plan was introduced in 2013, when the defined benefit pension scheme was closed to new members. The amount charged to the Group
income statement in respect of Lloyd’s Group Personal Pension Plan is £9m (2021: £9m).
Members of the Lloyd’s Group Personal Pension Plan can elect their contribution rate (payable via salary sacrifice) and can change this
at any time. Lloyd’s participates alongside the employees in the contribution scheme.
Analysis of the amount recognised in the Group profit and loss account
2022 2021
£m £m
Current service cost 1 –
Net interest on net defined benefit assets/liabilities 1 3
Total operating charge 2 3
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 158

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(As at 31 December 2022)
21. Pension schemes continued
Analysis of the amount recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income
2022 2021
£m £m
Experience losses arising on scheme liabilities (16) (4)
Changes in the assumptions underlying the present value of the scheme assets/liabilities
Financial assumption change 382 45
Demographic assumption change 11 –
Actuarial gain arising during period 377 41
Actuarial (loss)/gain on scheme assets/liabilities (227) 32
Remeasurement effects recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income 150 73
22. Equity
(a) Profit and loss account
2021
2022 (Restated)
£m £m
Attributable to:
Corporation of Lloyd’s 132 34
Central Fund 2,597 2,500
Total profit and loss account 2,729 2,534
(b) Translation reserve
The translation reserve of £25m (2021: £(5)m) is used to record foreign exchange gains and losses recognised in other comprehensive
income, as a result of translating the results and financial position of Group entities that have a functional currency different from the
presentation currency.
(c) Revaluation reserve
The revaluation reserve of £15m (2021: £15m) is used to record increases in the fair value of the Lloyd’s Collection and decreases to the
extent that such decreases relate to the amount previously recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income.
23. Syndicate loans
2022 2021
£m £m
2020 Syndicate loan (November) 285 285
2020 Syndicate loan (June) 119 119
2019 Syndicate loan 110 110
Principal loan balance 514 514
Syndicate loans may be repaid in full or in part, at the discretion of the Society, only after a period of five years has elapsed. The interest
rate on the loans is based on a risk-free rate with an allowance for credit spread. The Council may elect to defer or cancel payment of all
or any interest. Interest is only recognised once the holders’ right to receive payment is confirmed. At 31 December 2022 the cumulative
interest to date, not yet confirmed, totals £8m (2021: £8m).
Syndicate loans are accounted for as an equity instrument in the Society’s financial statements and as such any interest paid to loan
holders (syndicates) is recorded as a reduction in equity. An interest payment of £19m (2021: £19m) has been made during the period.
1 59 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
24. Subordinated debt and amounts owing to credit institutions
(a) Subordinated debt
2022 2021
£m £m
4.875% subordinated notes of £300m maturing 7 February 2047 (Sterling 2017 Notes) 300 300
4.750% subordinated notes of £306m maturing 30 October 2024 (Sterling 2014 Notes) 306 500
Total subordinated notes issued 606 800
Less issue costs to be charged in future years (2) (3)
Less discount on issue to be unwound in future years (1) (1)
Total 603 796
The notes are subordinated obligations of the Society. Each tranche of the notes will rank pari passu with the other in a winding-up of
the Society. Upon the occurrence of any winding-up proceedings of the Society, payments on the notes will be subordinated in right of
payment to the prior payment in full of all other liabilities of the Society, except for liabilities which rank equally with or junior to the notes.
Payments on the notes will also be subordinated to certain payments which may be made out of central assets including payments made
to discharge the liabilities of an insolvent member to any person (including any policyholders) arising out of, or in connection with, insurance
business carried on at Lloyd’s by the insolvent member and payments made in respect of the costs required by or under any insolvency
procedure to which the Society or the Lloyd’s market may be subject. However, in the event of a winding-up of the Society, the claims of
the holders of the notes rank senior to the distribution of any central assets to members of Lloyd’s generally (other than payments made
to members in their capacity as senior creditors of the Society).
The Sterling 2014 notes issued on 30 October 2014 mature on 30 October 2024 and bear interest at a rate of 4.750% per annum, payable
annually in arrears on 30 October in each year.
(a) Subordinated debt continued
The Sterling 2017 notes issued on 7 February 2017 mature on 7 February 2047 and bear interest at a rate of 4.875% per annum, until (but
excluding) 7 February 2027, payable annually in arrears on 7 February in each year, and thereafter at a floating rate of interest calculated
using a compounded daily SONIA (Sterling Overnight Index Average) interest rate plus a credit adjustment spread and margin, payable
quarterly in arrears.
In February 2022, the subordinated notes were delisted from the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and relisted on the London
Stock Exchange’s International Securities Market.
In December 2022, following the approval from the Prudential Regulatory Authority, the notes of the value of £193.9m from the Sterling
2014 issue were repurchased by the Society.
(b) Amounts owed to credit institutions
2022 2021
£m £m
2.48% senior debt of £60m maturing January 2030 (Sterling 2020) 60 60
2.48% senior debt of £40m maturing January 2031 (Sterling 2020) 40 40
2.61% senior debt of £70m maturing January 2035 (Sterling 2020) 70 70
2.81% senior debt of £130m maturing January 2045 (Sterling 2020) 130 130
Less issue costs and discount on issue to be charged/unwound in future years (1) (1)
Total cost 299 299
Accrued interest 4 –
Amortised cost (carrying value) 303 299
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 160

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(As at 31 December 2022)
25. Insurance balances
2022 2021
Reinsurers’ Reinsurers’
Gross share Net Gross share Net
Unearned premium provision £m £m £m £m £m £m
Balance at 1 January (restated) 1,497 1,497 – 1,342 1,342 –
Premium written in the year 3,227 3,227 – 2,732 2,732 –
Premiums earned during the year (2,875) (2,875) – (2,479) (2,479) –
Foreign exchange movements 88 88 – (98) (98) –
Balance at 31 December (restated) 1,937 1,937 – 1,497 1,497 –
2022 2021
Reinsurers’ Reinsurers’
Gross share Net Gross share Net
Claims outstanding £m £m £m £m £m £m
Balance at 1 January 5,654 5,654 – 6,021 6,021 –
Claims paid during the year (1,098) (1,098) – (1,246) (1,246) –
Claims incurred during the year 2,427 2,427 – 1,281 1,281 –
Foreign exchange movements 328 328 – (405) (405) –
Other – – – 3 3 –
Balance at 31 December 7,311 7,311 – 5,654 5,654 –
Gross claims outstanding at 31 December 2022 includes claims discounted by Lloyd’s China under China GAAP. The undiscounted claims
outstanding as required under UK GAAP are higher than the discounted claims reserves by £12m and are not material to the Society
financial statements (2021: £10m). The claims outstanding are 100% reinsured and there is no impact on the Society’s profit before tax or
capital and reserves.
26. Other provisions
2022 2021 (Restated)
Lease cost Other Lease cost Other
provision provisions Total provision provisions Total
£m £m £m £m £m £m
Balance at 1 January 41 9 50 54 9 63
Charged in the year 4 13 17 4 3 7
Utilised in the year (4) (4) (8) (17) (3) (20)
Balance at 31 December 41 18 59 41 9 50
Lease cost provision
The lease cost provision represents the Society’s obligations in respect of the contractual capital expenditure and dilapidation cost under
fully repairing leases. Under the 1986 Building lease, the Society has obligations to the lessor to repair, maintain and cleanse the building
throughout the duration of the lease, and to bring the building back to its original condition at the end of the lease. The Society reviews
annually the estimated cost of satisfying the obligations under the lease. Third-party experts are engaged to help identify and validate
required repair or maintenance and to estimate the cost of work required. The estimated costs for all repairs that have been evidenced,
as required under the lease, are fully provided for.
The value of the lease cost provision is calculated with reference to the costs that are expected to be incurred during the remainder of
the lease term. The value of the provision is not sensitive to the timing of expenditure during the lease term.
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred
The Council grants Undertakings within financial limits to certain corporate members to use the Central Fund to discharge the liability
of those members where they have unpaid cash calls and do not have the resources to meet those cash calls. Unutilised Undertakings
at 31 December 2022 were £nil (2021: £nil).
1 61 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Other provisions
Other provisions include restructuring provision and provisions for obligations under an onerous lease, other contractual obligations and
under the Income Assistance Scheme.
Restructuring provision
The provision is calculated using assumptions regarding the average salary and length of service of potentially impacted employees and
is therefore sensitive to changes in these assumptions.
Obligations under onerous lease and contracts
A provision is made for obligations under an operating lease when the physically separable part of a property is taken out of use by the
Society and the unavoidable costs of meeting the obligations under the lease exceed the economic benefits expected to be received.
The provision is calculated using future lease payments as per the lease contract discounted at the Society’s long-term borrowing rate
and is therefore sensitive to changes in this assumption.
A provision under contractual arrangements is recognised when the obligation can be reliably estimated and is probable that there will be
a transfer of economic benefits in settlement of such obligation.
Income Assistance Scheme
The Income Assistance Scheme was effective from 1 January 2010 and replaced both the Hardship Income Top-up Scheme and the
Income and Housing Support Scheme. The Income Assistance Scheme is permanent and replaces the discretionary nature of the previous
schemes and guarantees ongoing payment of income assistance to eligible members of the previous schemes until the full undertaking has
been utilised, other than in the event that Lloyd’s faces severe financial stress.
The provision covers expected future payments under the Income Assistance Scheme. The Names covered by the scheme receive
quarterly payments until: (a) death (or a spouse’s death, depending upon the individual arrangements agreed); (b) earlier settlement of the
debt by the Name; or (c) default by the Name of their contractual obligations. The value of the provision is therefore sensitive to the factors
above, as well as changes in inflation rates.
27. Creditors
2022 2021
£m £m
Creditors arising out of direct insurance operations (restated) 509 420
Creditors arising out of reinsurance operations (restated) 3,231 2,643
Other creditors including taxation and social security 194 216
Total creditors (restated) 3,934 3,279
Other creditors including taxation and social security comprises the Society’s trade and other creditors due within one year.
Creditors arising out of direct insurance operations and creditors arising out of reinsurance operations as at 31 December 2021 have been
restated following the transition to UK GAAP. Please refer to note 3, transition to UK GAAP, for comparative disclosures.
28. Accruals and deferred income
2022 2021
£m £m
Reinsurers’ share of deferred acquisition costs (restated) 356 277
Accrued expenses 85 76
Deferred income 60 48
Total accruals and deferred income 501 401
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 162

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(As at 31 December 2022)
29. Cash generated from operations
2021
2022 (Restated)
Note £m £m
Profit before tax 124 6
Adjustments for:
Net investment return 8 179 (74)
Share of profits of associates and joint ventures (7) (9)
Amortisation of intangible assets 12 12
Depreciation of tangible fixed assets 3 3
Impairment losses 5 3
Interest expense on financial liabilities at amortised cost 44 46
Increase in debtors, prepayments and accrued income (2,285) (423)
Increase in creditors, accruals and deferred income 2,306 661
Decrease in provisions (9) (13)
Loss/(profit) on foreign exchange (241) 24
Net defined benefit pension payment (9) (7)
Cash generated from operations 122 229
30. Operating leases
The total of future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:
2022 2021
£m £m
Payment due:
Not later than one year 25 26
Later than one year and not later than five years 77 82
Later than five years 56 74
Total 158 182
31. Contingent liabilities and capital commitments
On behalf of the Society, a letter of credit has been issued to Lloyd‘s Europe of €200m or £177m with a term until 2025 (2021: €200m or
£168m).
Capital expenditure commitments contracted, but not provided for in the financial statements were £nil (2021: £5m).
1 63 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
32. Related party transactions
The Group financial statements include the financial statements of the Society and all its subsidiary undertakings, the Lloyd’s Central Fund
and the Group’s interests in its associates and joint ventures as listed in note 16.
Services provided to Ins-sure Holdings Limited in the year ended 31 December 2022, included operating systems support and
development, and other administrative services.
Services provided to Xchanging Claims Services Limited in the year ended 31 December 2022, were primarily administrative services.
Services provided to London Market Operations & Strategic Sourcing Limited in the year ended 31 December 2022, were primarily fee
collection services.
The Society made a £6.6m investment in Placing Platform Limited (PPL) in 2020, to continue to advance the implementation of digital
trading in the Lloyd’s market. It is accounted for as an investment in a joint venture using the equity method. The investment is recognised
at cost. The carrying value is adjusted to reflect the Society’s share of PPL profit or loss.
During the year a loan was provided to PPL at a rate of interest of 4.25%, repayable within four years.
The following table provides the total value of transactions entered with Society related parties for the relevant financial years, together
with information regarding the outstanding balances at 31 December 2022 and 2021.
Purchases from Amounts due from
related parties related parties
2022 2021 2022 2021
£m £m £m £m
Associates:
Ins-sure Holdings Limited 2 1 – –
Xchanging Claims Services Limited – – – –
Joint ventures:
London Market Operations & Strategic Sourcing Limited 1 1 – –
Placing Platform Limited – – 8 –
Transactions with associates and joint arrangements are priced on an arm’s-length basis.
In the normal course of business, the Society may enter into transactions with Lloyd’s market businesses in which members of Council may
have an interest.
33. Events after the reporting period
Following the recent banking events – including the failure of Silicon Valley Bank, Signature Bank and First Republic, and the sale of Credit
Suisse to UBS – the current conditions of the banking sector and impact on the assets of the market and the Society have been
considered.
At 31 December 2022, the total Lloyd’s market portfolio is not materially exposed to US regional banks and has very limited exposure to
AT1 loans. The exposure to the wider banking sector is diversified and includes globally systemically important banks.
The Central Fund has no exposure to US regional banks and AT1 loans.
Management will continue to monitor the situation.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 164

Contents
Alternative Performance Measures 167
Glossary of Terms and Useful Links 169
165 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report
Other
Information
Other Information
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 166

Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)
The following metrics, which are consistently used to analyse financial performance in the Lloyd’s market results and/or in the Society Report, are considered
to be Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) as defined in the European Securities and Markets Authority Guidelines (ESMA Guidelines) on Alternative
Performance Measures.
Applicable part
of the Annual
Metric Report Definition Reason for use
Combined ratio Market Results Combined ratio is a measure of the profitability of an Combined ratio is used to measure the
insurer’s underwriting activity. It is the ratio of net profitability of the underwriting activity across
operating expenses plus claims incurred net of the Lloyd’s market. It also serves as a
reinsurance to earned premiums net of reinsurance. comparator of Lloyd’s market underwriting
profitability to its peers.
Expense ratio Market Results Expense ratio is a measure of the level of expenses Expense ratio is used to measure the level of
associated with underwriting activity. It is the ratio of expenses associated with underwriting activity
net operating expenses to earned premiums net of across the Lloyd’s market. It also serves as a
reinsurance. comparator of Lloyd’s market expenses to its
peers.
Underwriting Market Results Underwriting result is a measure of the profitability of Underwriting result is used to measure the
result an insurer’s underwriting activity. It is earned premiums profitability of the underwriting activity across
net of reinsurance less net operating expenses and the Lloyd’s market.
claims incurred net of reinsurance.
Underlying Market Results Underlying combined ratio is a measure of the Underlying combined ratio is used to measure
combined ratio profitability of the underwriting activity excluding major the profitability of the underwriting activity of
claims. It is the ratio of net operating expenses plus the Lloyd’s market, excluding the impact of
claims incurred, excluding major claims, to earned major claims.
premium net of reinsurance.
Accident year Market Results Accident year ratio is a measure of the profitability of Accident year ratio is used to measure the
ratio the underwriting activity attributable to the current profitability of the underwriting activity of the
financial year. It is the ratio of net operating expenses Lloyd’s market attributable to the current
plus claims incurred net of reinsurance, before prior financial year.
year releases, to earned premium net of reinsurance.
Attritional loss Market Results Attritional loss ratio is a measure of residual insurance Attritional loss ratio is used to measure the
ratio claims as a percentage of earned premiums net of profitability of general underwriting activity
reinsurance. Attritional insurance claims are calculated across the Lloyd’s market. It also serves as a
as total claims less major losses and movements in comparator of Lloyd’s market underwriting
prior year claims reserves. profitability to its peers.
Prior year Market Results Prior year release ratio is a measure of assessing prior Prior year release ratio is used to determine
release ratio year movements in claims reserves. This is calculated the adequacy of reserves across the Lloyd’s
as a percentage of earned premiums net of market and the benefit of reserve margin to be
reinsurance. considered within the combined ratio. It also
serves as a comparator of Lloyd’s market
underwriting profitability to its peers.
167 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Applicable part
of the Annual
Metric Report Definition Reason for use
Major Market Results Major claims ratio is a measure of significant loss Major claims ratio is used to measure the
claims ratio events which have impacted the profitability of impact of significant loss events against the
underwriting activity. This is calculated as the sum of underwriting performance of the market. It
major claims in the market as a percentage of earned also serves as a comparator of Lloyd’s market
premiums net of reinsurance. underwriting profitability to its peers.
Return Market Results Return on capital is a measure of overall profitability. Return on capital ratio is used to measure the
on capital It is the ratio of result for the year before tax to the overall profitability and value creating potential
average of opening and closing total capital and of the Lloyd’s market.
reserves..
Investment Market Results Investment return is a measure of performance of an Investment return ratio is used to measure the
return and Society insurer’s investing activity. When expressed as a ratio it performance of the portfolio of investments
Report is calculated as total investment return to the average and cash balances held across the Lloyd’s
of opening and closing financial investments and cash market.
at bank and in hand.
Free cash Society Report Free cash represents the amounts, both at bank and on Provides a measure of the cash resources
balances deposit, held in the UK and overseas, excluding any available to the Corporation to meet operating
balances held in respect of insurance and arbitration expenses.
activities.
Solvency Market Results Under the Solvency II regime, Lloyd’s monitors the Solvency coverage ratios are used to ensure
coverage ratio and Society amount of eligible capital available to cover its market- that the Society and its members hold
Report wide SCR (MWSCR) and central SCR (CSCR). This is sufficient capital to meet Lloyd’s regulatory
calculated as total eligible capital as a percentage of capital requirements, as well as to ensure
the respective solvency capital requirements. Lloyd’s solvency risk appetites are satisfied.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2022 168

Glossary of Terms and Useful Links
Set out below is a guide to insurance and Lloyd’s-related terms. Economic Capital Assessment The level of capital required to meet
These are not precise definitions but are included to provide Lloyd’s financial strength, licence and rating objectives.
assistance to readers as to the general meaning of terms commonly
Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) The FCA supervises the conduct
used in the Lloyd’s market. Formal definitions are set out in the
of the UK financial services industry. Lloyd’s, managing agents,
Definitions Byelaw.
members’ agents and Lloyd’s brokers are regulated by the FCA.
Accident year ratio A measure of the profitability of the underwriting
Free cash balances Free cash represents the amounts, both at
activity attributable to the current financial year. The accident year
bank and on deposit, held in the UK and overseas, excluding any
ratio is calculated as net operating expenses and net incurred
balances held in respect of insurance and arbitration activities.
losses (paid and reserves) for claims occurring in the year as a
proportion of net premiums earned during the year. It excludes Funds at Lloyd’s (FAL) Capital lodged and held in trust at Lloyd’s
movements during the calendar year on claims, expenses and as security for the policyholders and to support a member’s overall
premium estimates for previous years. underwriting business.
Active underwriter A person employed by a managing agent with Integrated Lloyd’s Vehicle (ILV) An arrangement in which a
principal authority to accept insurance and reinsurance risks on syndicate’s capital is wholly provided by corporate members that
behalf of the members of a syndicate. are under the same ownership and control as the syndicate’s
managing agent.
Binding authority An agreement between a Lloyd’s managing
agent and a coverholder under which the Lloyd’s managing agent Investment return Investment return is a measure of performance of
delegates its authority to enter into a contract or contracts of an insurer’s investing activity. It is the ratio of total investment return
insurance to be underwritten by the members of a syndicate. to the average financial investments and cash at bank and in hand.
Callable layer Central Fund assets may be supplemented by a Lines of business Refers to the product segmental split disclosed
‘callable layer’ of up to 5% of members’ overall premium limits in in the Pro Forma Financial Statements.
any one calendar year. These funds would be drawn from premium
Managing agent An underwriting agent responsible for managing
trust funds.
a syndicate, or multiple syndicates.
Central assets The net assets of the Society, including the Central
Major claims Major claims encompass both natural and non-natural
Fund, but excluding the subordinated debt liability and the callable
catastrophe losses. For the purpose of the PFFS this amounts to
layer.
loss codes reported by the market, in aggregate, in excess of £20m
Central Fund The fund financed by (among other things) net of reinsurance.
contributions from Lloyd’s members and administered by the
Market-wide SCR The Market-Wide Solvency Capital Ratio is
Council primarily as a fund for the protection of policyholders, and
calculated to cover all of the risks arising on the syndicate activity,
includes both the Old Central Fund and the New Central Fund.
members’ capital provided at Lloyd’s and the Society taken together
Central SCR The Lloyd’s Central Solvency Capital Ratio is at a 99.5% confidence level over a one year time horizon.
calculated to cover all of the risks facing the Society and the
Member (of the Society) A person admitted to the membership of
Central Fund at a 99.5% confidence level over a one year time
the Society.
horizon.
Members’ agent An underwriting agent appointed by a member to
Combined ratio A measure of an insurer’s underwriting profitability
provide services and perform duties including advising the member
based on the ratio of net incurred claims plus net operating
on which syndicates he should participate.
expenses to net earned premiums. A combined ratio of 100% is
breakeven (before taking into account investment returns). A ratio Name A member of the Society who is an individual and who trades
less than 100% is an underwriting profit. on an unlimited basis.
Corporate member A company incorporated with limited liability, New Central Fund The New Central Fund constituted by and
a Scottish limited partnership or a limited liability partnership, governed by the New Central Fund Byelaw (No. 23 of 1996).
admitted to membership of the Society.
Non-technical account Under UK GAAP the profit and loss account
Corporation The Corporation of Lloyd’s provides the licences must be divided between the technical account and the non-
and other facilities that enable business to be underwritten on a technical account. Reported in the latter is all investment return,
worldwide basis by managing agents acting on behalf of members. although an element will be reanalysed to the technical account,
and any income and expenses that do not arise directly from the
Council The Council, created by Lloyd’s Act 1982, has the
entity’s underwriting activity.
management and superintendence of the affairs of the Society
and the power to regulate and direct the business of insurance
at Lloyd’s.
Coverholder A firm either in the UK or overseas that is authorised
by a managing agent under the terms of a binding authority to enter
into contracts of insurance to be underwritten by members of a
syndicate managed by the managing agent. A Lloyd’s broker may
act as a coverholder.
116699 LLllooyydd’’ss AAnnnnuuaall RReeppoorrtt 22002222

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Premiums trust funds (PTF) The premiums and other monies that Syndicate A member, or group of members, underwriting insurance
members receive in respect of their underwriting at Lloyd’s are held business at Lloyd’s through the agency of a managing agent.
by their managing agents in trust for them subject to the discharge
Syndicate allocated capacity In relation to a syndicate the
of their underwriting liabilities.
aggregate of the member’s syndicated premium limits of all the
The premiums trust funds comprise a sterling fund, Lloyd’s members for the time being of the syndicate.
American Trust Fund, Lloyd’s Dollar Trust Funds, Lloyd’s Canadian
Syndicate in a box A member, or group of members, underwriting
Trust Fund and the Lloyd’s Asia trust funds (which cover general
insurance business at Lloyd’s, which has met certain criteria for
business written through coverholders in Singapore). These
adjusted participation and entry requirements for the first three
premiums trust funds are available to fund overseas regulatory
years of underwriting.
deposits, claims, return premiums, underwriting expenses and
any profit that is payable to the member after providing for all Technical account Under UK GAAP the profit and loss account
future liabilities. must be divided between the technical account and the non-
technical account. The technical account reports the results of the
Price changes on renewal business This is calculated as current
underwriting activity, premiums less claims, less expenses and also
year insurance premium less prior year insurance premium as a
includes an element of the investment return reanalysed from the
proportion of prior year insurance premium, where the policy
non-technical account.
coverage and wording is held consistent.
Underwriting result A measure of the profitability of an insurer’s
Prior years’ reserve movements This is calculated as movements
underwriting activity. It is earned premiums net of reinsurance less
in reserves established for claims that occurred in previous
net operating expenses and claims incurred net of reinsurance.
accident years.
Year of account The year to which a risk is allocated and to which
Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) The PRA is responsible for
all premiums and claims in respect of that risk are attributed. The
the prudential regulation and supervision of banks, building
year of account of a risk is usually determined by the calendar year
societies, credit unions, insurers and major investment firms.
in which the risk incepts. A year of account is normally closed by
Lloyd’s and managing agents are regulated by the PRA.
reinsurance to close at the end of 36 months.
Realistic Disaster Scenarios (RDS) A series of scenarios, both
Useful Links
natural and man-made, which are used to assess the market’s risk
To find out more information on Lloyd’s, visit:
profile to a variety of different catastrophes to enable better risk
management practices within Lloyd’s. — What is Lloyd’s www.lloyds.com/about-
lloyds/our-market
Reinsurance to close (RITC) A reinsurance agreement under which
members of a syndicate for a year of account to be closed are
reinsured by members who comprise that or another syndicate for — Lloyd’s Corporation www.lloyds.com/corporation
a later year of account against all liabilities arising out of insurance
business written by the reinsured syndicate.
— Lloyd’s capital structure www.lloyds.com/capitalstructure
Reinsurance to close (RITC) syndicate A syndicate set up solely and chain of security
to underwrite the Reinsurance to Close of other syndicates.
— Lloyd’s governance www.lloyds.com/about-
Return on capital Return on capital is a measure of overall lloyds/the-
profitability. It is the ratio of results for the year before tax to
corporation/governance-and-
the average of opening and closing total capital and reserves.
management/lloyds-
Service company A wholly owned subsidiary of either a managing governance-structure/
agent or of a managing agent’s holding company and which is
authorised to enter into contracts of insurance for members of
— Lloyd’s ESG Report www.lloyds.com/about-
its associated syndicate and/or associated insurance companies.
lloyds/responsible-
Solvency ratio The measure of an insurer’s solvency based on
business/esg-report
the ratio by which the net assets for solvency purposes exceed
the solvency requirement.
— Diversity & Inclusion www.lloyds.com/about-
Special Purpose Arrangement (SPA) A syndicate set up solely
lloyds/culture/lloyds-
to underwrite a quota share reinsurance of another syndicate’s
business for a year of account. corporation/diversity-and-
inclusion
— Lloyd’s Gender and Ethnicity www.lloyds.com/about-
Pay Gap Reports lloyds/diversity-and-
inclusion/gender-and-ethnicity-
pay-gap-reports
— Full glossary of terms www.lloyds.com/glossary
LLllooyydd’’ss AAnnnnuuaall RReeppoorrtt 22002222 117700

0
lloyds.com/fullyearresults2022