# Source: https://assets.lloyds.com/media/dd1c24e5-6ff0-42b5-9aab-eab29fa7f401/Lloyd's%20of%20London_AR_%20210701.pdf
# Extracted: 2025-12-09T20:26:27.729639
# PDF: market_commentary_data\pdfs\lloyds_official\lloyds_annual_report_2020.pdf
# Length: 661597 characters
#======================================================================

Annual Report

Lloyd’s is the world’s leading
insurance and reinsurance
marketplace. Through the
collective intelligence and
risk-sharing expertise of the
market’s underwriters and
brokers, Lloyd’s helps to
create a braver world. Lloyd’s
protects what matters most:
Contents
helping to recover in times of
Overview Society Report
At a Glance 02 Financial Highlights 78
Chairman’s Statement 04 Corporate Governance 79 need by sharing risk to protect,
Chief Executive’s Statement 06 Compliance with the UK Corporate Governance Code 2018 88
Internal Control Statement 91
Strategic Report
Our Purpose 10 Report of the Remuneration Committee 93 build resilience and inspire
External Environment 13 Report of the Audit Committee 108
Our Strategy 15 Report of the Lloyd’s Members’ Ombudsman 112
courage everywhere.
Responsible Business 18 Financial Review 113
Key Performance Indicators 22 Statement of the Council’s Responsibilities
for the Financial Statements 120
Risk Management 24
Independent Auditors’ Report to the Members
Council Statement 28 of the Society of Lloyd’s 121
Group Income Statement 127
Market Results
Group Statement of Comprehensive Income 128
2020 Highlights 34
Group Statement of Financial Position 129
Statement of Council’s Responsibilities 45
Group Statement of Changes in Equity 130
Report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to the
Council on the 2020 Pro Forma Financial Statements 46 Group Statement of Cash Flows 131
Pro Forma Profit and Loss Account 47 Notes to the Financial Statements 132
Pro Forma Statement of Comprehensive Income 48 Five Year Summary 181
Pro Forma Balance Sheet 49
Other information
Pro Forma Statement of Cash Flows 50 Alternative Performance Measures 184
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements 51 Glossary of Terms and Useful Links 185
LLllooyydd’’ss AAnnnnuuaall RReeppoorrtt 22002200 0011

Lloyd’s is the world’s leading
insurance and reinsurance
marketplace. Through the
collective intelligence and
risk-sharing expertise of the
market’s underwriters and
brokers, Lloyd’s helps to
create a braver world. Lloyd’s
protects what matters most:
Contents
helping to recover in times of
Overview Society Report
At a Glance 02 Financial Highlights 78
Chairman’s Statement 04 Corporate Governance 79 need by sharing risk to protect,
Chief Executive’s Statement 06 Compliance with the UK Corporate Governance Code 2018 88
Internal Control Statement 91
Strategic Report
Our Purpose 10 Report of the Remuneration Committee 93 build resilience and inspire
External Environment 13 Report of the Audit Committee 108
Our Strategy 15 Report of the Lloyd’s Members’ Ombudsman 112
courage everywhere.
Responsible Business 18 Financial Review 113
Key Performance Indicators 22 Statement of the Council’s Responsibilities
for the Financial Statements 120
Risk Management 24
Independent Auditors’ Report to the Members
Council Statement 28 of the Society of Lloyd’s 121
Group Income Statement 127
Market Results
Group Statement of Comprehensive Income 128
2020 Highlights 34
Group Statement of Financial Position 129
Statement of Council’s Responsibilities 45
Group Statement of Changes in Equity 130
Report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to the
Council on the 2020 Pro Forma Financial Statements 46 Group Statement of Cash Flows 131
Pro Forma Profit and Loss Account 47 Notes to the Financial Statements 132
Pro Forma Statement of Comprehensive Income 48 Five Year Summary 181
Pro Forma Balance Sheet 49
Other information
Pro Forma Statement of Cash Flows 50 Alternative Performance Measures 184
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements 51 Glossary of Terms and Useful Links 185
LLllooyydd’’ss AAnnnnuuaall RReeppoorrtt 22002200 0011

At a Glance
Lloyd’s reports an overall loss of £0.9bn, driven by
£3.4bn of major claims related to the COVID-19
pandemic. Underlying underwriting performance has
shown significant improvement through strong rate
increases across all classes and continued focus on
underwriting discipline.
Operating highlights
The Lloyd’s market paid out £21.4bn of gross Investment income made a positive contribution
claims in 2020 and has been able to meet these to the result with an investment return* of 2.9%
substantial commitments without impacting on our (2019: 4.8%).
total resources, which remain strong at £33.9bn.
Gross written premium Loss before tax
£35,466m (£887m)
(2019: £35,905m) (2019: profit of £2,532m)
Combined ratio* Combined ratio (exc COVID-19)
110.3% 97.0%
(2019: 102.1%) (2019: 102.1%)
Underwriting profit (exc COVID-19) Investment income
£757m £2,268m
(2019: loss of £538m) (2019: £3,537m)
Pre-tax return on capital* Net resources
(2.8)% £33,941m
(2019: 8.8%) (2019: £30,638m)
Central solvency coverage ratio Market-wide solvency coverage ratio
209% 147%
(2019: 238%) (2019: 156%)
02 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Lloyd’s line of business breakdown by region
US & Canada 53%
Other Americas 6%
UK 12%
Rest of Europe 15%
Central Asia & Asia Pacific 10%
Rest of the World 4%
Rest Central
US and Other of Asia & Rest of
Canada America UK Europe Asia Pacific World Total
l l l l l l
Reinsurance 23% 70% 34% 50% 40% 62% 35%
Property 35% 9% 22% 13% 19% 10% 26%
Casualty 27% 12% 28% 22% 31% 14% 25%
Marine, Aviation 8% 7% 6% 13% 7% 10% 8%
& Transport
Energy 5% 1% 2% 2% 2% 2% 4%
Motor 2% 1% 8% – 1% 2% 2%
Lloyd’s capital providers by source and location (%)
US Insurance industry 17.3% European insurance industry 9.6%
Bermudian Insurance industry 14.9% Private capital—limited & unlimited 9.2%
UK Insurance industry 14.6% Worldwide non-insurance 8.3%
Rest of world insurance industry 10.5% Middle/Far East insurance industry 5.4%
Japan insurance industry 10.2%
The combined ratio is the ratio of net incurred claims and net operating expenses to net earned premiums. The overall combined ratio includes central
adjustments in the technical account in respect of transactions between syndicates and the Society as described in notes 2 and 8 to the PFFS (pages 51, 52
and 69). The combined ratios and results for individual lines of business (pages 38 to 44) do not include these adjustments as the market commentary for each
line of business reflects trading conditions at syndicate level as reported in syndicate annual accounts. The results and net assets for life syndicates are not
material and have not been separately disclosed in the profit and loss account and balance sheet. The results for life business have been reported in the
segmental analysis, note 9 on page 70.
* The combined ratio, the expense ratio, the return on capital and Solvency coverage ratio are metrics that are consistently used to analyse financial
performance in the Lloyd's market results and/or in the Society Report. These metrics (wherever used in this Annual Report) are Alternative Performance
Measures (APMs), with further information available on page 184.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 03

Chairman’s Statement
2020 has been a year like no other, with the However, we can and will do more. The events
Lloyd’s has shown it can impacts of COVID-19 having devastating of 2020 have accelerated critical
consequences for businesses, communities conversations, commitments and actions
withstand the effects
and the global economy. Despite the across businesses, economies and society to
of an unexpected and challenges that the pandemic has presented, tackle some of the most challenging and urgent
unprecedented disaster. Lloyd’s has shown that it can withstand the issues we collectively face. As the world slowly
effects of an unexpected and unprecedented emerges from the impacts of the COVID-19
disaster, whilst working with governments and pandemic, it does so with an enormous
Bruce Carnegie-Brown organisations around the world to identify how opportunity to take positive action to build back
Chairman, Lloyd’s we can learn from the past year to reduce the better.
impact of potential future systemic risks.
In December, we published our first market-
Operationally, we were able to adapt quickly to wide Environmental, Social and Governance
change, made possible by the work underway (ESG) report, with an ambition to integrate
as part of our Future at Lloyd’s strategy. sustainability into all of Lloyd’s business
Despite having to close the Underwriting Room activities; from playing our part in the global
for much of the year – the first time in Lloyd’s transition to net zero through the risks we share
history – we were able to continue to and the investments we make, to the way in
underwrite business effectively and pay claims which we support societal progress more
promptly due to our emergency protocol broadly. This report sets out how Lloyd’s will
procedures and our work to move many of our build on the critical role we play, in alignment
systems online. We launched the Virtual Room with the United Nations Sustainable
in September, successfully enabling brokers Development Goals and in support of the
and underwriters to connect online, and we principles set out in the Paris Agreement.
now have over 50 organisations signed up; and Importantly, for the first time we have set
thanks to the hard work and dedication of our targets for responsible underwriting and
technical teams to implement new systems and investment to help accelerate society’s
processes, Society employees were able to transition from fossil fuel dependency towards
work successfully from home and deliver renewable energy sources.
against all of our priorities.
As the world continues to digitalise rapidly and
Our robust financial strength means we have economies begin to rebuild in the aftermath of
been able to pay £21.4bn in gross claims to the COVID-19 pandemic, innovation to deliver
support our customers. Whilst COVID-19 better products and services for our customers
accounted for the majority of our major claims, has never been more important. To that end,
natural catastrophe events also had a the Lloyd’s Lab went from strength to strength,
significant impact. In 2020, Lloyd’s net working with InsurTechs to provide some of the
resources increased by 10.8% to £33.9bn, capabilities needed to protect us in the future.
reflecting our strong balance sheet and a This included exploring the application of an
central solvency ratio of 209%. epidemic tracker to better evaluate and
underwrite pandemic risk and solutions to help
In a challenging year for the market, Lloyd’s
close the insurance gap for systemic risks.
significantly improved its underlying
Alongside this, our Product Innovation Facility
performance, with the combined ratio
focused on developing products to respond to
improving to 97.0% in 2020, excluding COVID-
an accelerated shift towards intangible-driven
19 claims, as a result of sustained improvement
business models during the pandemic.
in the attritional loss ratio. This progress is
attributable to the market’s commitment to In July, we approved and supported the launch
better underwriting discipline, supported by of our first public-private syndicate set up to
increases in pricing across all classes of insure the storage and transportation of a
business. COVID-19 vaccine to emerging economies, as
well as the launch of Lloyd’s Global Health Risk
Alongside our performance progress, Lloyd’s
Facility (GHRF) which is intended to make
made significant progress in driving culture
billions of dollars of insurance coverage
change across our market, including setting
available, together with risk mitigation services
publicly accountable gender targets, as well as
to help protect and support the global
committing to a series of actions to improve the
distribution of COVID-19 vaccines as well as
experience of Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic
critical health commodities.
colleagues and to build a more inclusive
environment for those working in the market.
04 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Crucial to all of this is the digitalisation of the
market. During the past year we have been able
to develop the thinking behind the ambition of
Blueprint One and lay the foundations to
support the next phase of transformation,
which was published in November in Blueprint
Two. Blueprint Two outlines the delivery plan to
build the most advanced insurance
marketplace in the world and sets out tangible
solutions that will radically shift the market to a
digital ecosystem, powered by data and
technology – ultimately delivering greater
efficiency and better value for our customers.
We completed the merger of the Council and
Franchise Board in June, allowing us to
combine robust and accountable governance
with the ability to make swift decisions when
necessary; the importance of which has been
highlighted throughout the COVID-19
pandemic. During the year several people left
both Board and Council, mainly as a result of
the merger. Albert Benchimol, Robert Childs,
Dominick Hoare and Christian Noyer left the
Council and Mike Bracken, Mark Cloutier,
Charles Franks, Jon Hancock, Nigel
Hinshelwood, Patricia Jackson and Richard
Keers left the Franchise Board. I would like to
thank them all for their service to Lloyd’s over
many years. We welcomed Angela Crawford-
Ingle to the Franchise Board in January, and
she is now a member of Council.
I would also like to thank all members of the
Society staff and all members of the market for
their hard work and flexibility throughout the
year, to ensure that the market remained open
for business to support our customers during
this exceptional time.
One of the positive things that has come out of
2020 has been to reinforce the value of what
we do. Our role in helping businesses and
communities get back on their feet following a
disaster and build resilience to the challenges
the future will bring has never been more vital.
That is why we are committed to making
further progress against our four priorities of
culture transformation, the digitalisation of our
market, the return to long-term sustainable
performance, and delivering on our purpose of
sharing risk to create a braver world.
Bruce Carnegie-Brown
Chairman, Lloyds
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 05

Chief Executive’s Statement
As the world begins to recover from one of the While Lloyd’s has reported an aggregated loss
Lloyd’s can be proud of most challenging periods in living memory, of £0.9bn, this was driven by incurred COVID-
Lloyd’s can be proud of the strength and 19 losses of £3.4bn, adding 13.3% to the
the strength and resilience
resilience it has demonstrated in the face of the market’s combined operating ratio of 110.3%.
it has demonstrated COVID-19 pandemic, as well as the unwavering Alongside COVID-19, the busy natural
in the face of the commitment to our people, our customers, and catastrophe season amounted to an additional
the communities in which we serve. £2.5bn of major claims. Despite those
COVID-19 pandemic.
challenges, the market’s combined ratio has
Throughout 2020 Lloyd’s has provided critical
shown substantial improvement over the past
financial support to our customers, who have
three years, dropping to 97.0% in 2020,
John Neal trusted us to be there in their time of need –
excluding COVID-19 claims. This represents a
Chief Executive Officer and we have done so at pace, with gross
5.1 percentage point improvement on 2019
COVID-19 claims paid expected to reach
(102.1%) and a 7.5 percentage point
£6.2bn. Alongside our customers we have
improvement on 2018 (104.5%). We are further
taken care of our people as they have
encouraged by a 5.4 percentage point
navigated their way through the many
improvement in the attritional loss ratio when
challenges of remote working, in addition the
compared with 2019, which has dropped to
market adapting to digital trading and ways of
51.9%.
working almost overnight. We were delighted to
provide almost 200 charitable organisations Gross written premiums of £35.5bn represent a
with a £15m package of support to ensure they 1.2% reduction over the same period in 2019.
were able to deliver vital services to those in Favourable market conditions, driven by
need. accelerated positive rate throughout 2020, saw
the market achieve an average risk adjusted
While 2020 will forever be remembered as the
rate increase of 10.8%. This was offset by a
‘year of COVID-19’, the market has suffered
12.0% reduction in business volumes across the
threats from two other fronts: the first has been
market, reflecting the market’s continued focus
the uncertainty and turmoil driven by Brexit; the
on the quality of the business it underwrites.
second being a significant increase in the
number of natural catastrophe events. 2020 The 2020 expense ratio saw a 1.5%
was the fifth largest catastrophe year on improvement dropping to 37.2% (2019: 38.7%),
record, with twenty-eight insured events and will remain a key area of focus, with the
costing more than £1bn each. By way of Blueprint Two programme central to tackling
comparison, in 2017 (the year of Hurricanes operating expenses across the market.
Harvey, Irma and Maria), there were eighteen of
In 2020, the market’s net resources increased
these insured events.
by 10.8% to £33.9bn as at 30 December 2020
Notwithstanding these challenges we have (2019: £30.6bn), reinforcing the exceptional
made strong progress against our three strength of Lloyd’s balance sheet with a central
strategic priorities of performance, digitalisation solvency ratio of 209%. Our exceptional
and culture. Notably, the market has proven its financial strength prompted Fitch Ratings to
ability to take action to improve performance reaffirm its AA- (Very Strong) rating and
and we can see the impacts of those efforts remove the negative watch. This sits alongside
through the significant turnaround in our our A+ (Strong) rating with Standard & Poor’s,
underlying underwriting performance. With the and A (Excellent) with A.M. Best.
publication of Blueprint Two, our two-year
Delivering on our commitments and
digitalisation programme to deliver the Future
ambitions
at Lloyd’s, we have already reached a number
The pandemic highlighted the importance of
of key milestones in our ambition to become
our ambition to digitalise the marketplace, and
the world’s most advanced insurance
2020 saw substantial progress made on the
marketplace. We have also made encouraging
next phase of our Future at Lloyd’s journey with
strides in our commitment to transform our
the publication of Blueprint Two in November.
shared culture, with this year’s survey results
Despite scaling back some activities and re-
demonstrating positive, action-led change.
focusing our key priorities due to COVID-19, we
Returning to long-term sustainable delivered a substantial number of
profitability improvements for the market. This included:
Having embarked on a three-year journey to streamlining the claims process to support
improve underwriting performance, Lloyd’s customers; automating lower value claims
2020 results demonstrate solid year-on-year transactions; establishing the virtual
progress. Our strong underlying underwriting Underwriting Room; and launching our new
performance is a testament to the performance Funds at Lloyd’s portal. The comprehensive
management and underwriting action taken by programme detailed in Blueprint Two intends to
both the Society and the market over the past deliver revolutionary change for the market,
three years, and we are really starting to see ensuring it is digital from start to finish, with data
the impact of that action flow through the at the core.
Lloyd’s portfolio.
06 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

It is imperative that we evolve the culture of the While we work towards a much greener future,
Lloyd’s market and in 2020 we fulfilled all of our Lloyd’s has a unique position and opportunity to
2019 culture commitments; from launching the bring together communities, businesses,
Lloyd’s Culture Dashboard and publishing the insurers and governments. In 2020 we
market culture toolkit, to setting gender targets committed £15m in seed capital investment to
and running our annual culture survey for a build and launch Futureset, our new global
second time. The results of the survey platform dedicated to driving greater societal
demonstrate notable progress in the and economic resilience in the face of an
experience of women working in the Lloyd’s increasingly uncertain future. Throughout 2021,
market over the past 18 months following Futureset will focus on the landscape of
targeted action to drive change at pace. We systemic risk, as well as examining the growing
also saw improvements across the four priority global risks brought about by climate change –
areas that we originally identified as and most importantly, driving the delivery of
foundational to driving cultural change: gender sustainable solutions.
balance, speaking up, wellbeing and leadership.
Finally, I would like to thank our people for their
That said, we must take action to improve the
hard work and dedication during an extremely
experience of Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic
challenging period. I am proud of the way they
colleagues and ensure that we attract and
have adapted to their changing circumstances
nurture talent from every community. Culture
while continuing to deliver progress against our
change is hard, but we’ve made good progress
three strategic priorities.
in our collective efforts to drive gender parity
and have shown that by working together we As we look back on 2020, we can be proud of
can accelerate the cultural transformation of the way Lloyd’s has stood up and
the Lloyd’s market. demonstrated its resilience through an
incredibly difficult period. We are in a strong
Building back braver
position to weather the ongoing impact of the
Looking ahead to 2021, it is clear that our
pandemic and we must continue to understand
purpose of sharing risk to create a braver world
how we can take positive action to help society
has never been more important. That is why we
get back on its feet, and to ensure our market
are placing ‘purpose’ as our fourth strategic
remains sustainable for the long-term.
pillar alongside performance, digitalisation and
culture. Fundamentally, it means ensuring our
market is set up for long term sustainability, that
we continue to innovate new products and
services, and that we continue to build the trust
of our customers.
John Neal
As the world shifts from the tangible to the Chief Executive Officer
intangible, amid rapid digitalisation and
economies rebuilding in the aftermath of the
pandemic, we must build back not only better,
but braver, with sustainability at the core of our
decisions and actions. In December 2020, we
published Lloyd’s first Environmental, Social
and Governance (ESG) Report, setting out our
plan to transition to a more sustainable
(re)insurance marketplace. The report builds on
Lloyd’s existing ESG work with a
comprehensive market-wide strategy that
aligns with the United Nations Sustainable
Development Goals and supports the principles
set out in the Paris Agreement. Importantly, we
have made a number of underwriting and
investment commitments to support the global
transition to net zero.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 07

Strategic Report
08 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Contents
Our Purpose 10
External Environment 13
Our Strategy 15
Responsible Business 18
Key Performance Indicators 22
Risk Management 24
Council Statement 28
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 09

Our Purpose
Sharing risk to create a braver world Our business model
Lloyd’s is the world’s leading insurance and reinsurance Our unique market has an unrivalled concentration of specialist
marketplace. Through the collective intelligence and risk-sharing insurance expertise, and every day 50 leading insurance companies,
expertise of the market’s underwriters and brokers, Lloyd’s helps to 350 registered Lloyd’s brokers and a global network of more than
create a braver world. 4,000 local coverholders operate in and bring business to the
Lloyd’s market.
The Lloyd’s market provides the leadership and insight to anticipate
and understand risk, and the knowledge to develop relevant, new The business written at Lloyd’s is brought by brokers and
and innovative forms of insurance for customers globally. It offers coverholders to specialist syndicates, operated by managing
the efficiencies of shared resources and services in a marketplace agents, who price and underwrite risks. Much of the (re)insurance
that covers and shares risks from more than 200 territories, in any capacity available at Lloyd’s is provided on a subscription basis –
industry, at any scale. And it promises a trusted, enduring where syndicates of Lloyd’s underwriters join together to
partnership built on the confidence that Lloyd’s protects what underwrite risks and programmes. Combined with the choice,
matters most: helping people, businesses and communities to flexibility and financial certainty of the market, this makes Lloyd’s
recover in times of need. the world’s leading insurance platform.
Lloyd’s began with a few courageous entrepreneurs in a coffee But in an unpredictable global climate, Lloyd’s underwriters must
shop. Three centuries later, the Lloyd’s market continues that proud also rely on their experience and industry knowledge to cast light
tradition, sharing risk in order to protect, build resilience and inspire into the darkness ahead. Behind the Lloyd’s market is the Society of
courage everywhere. Lloyd’s, not itself an insurer but an independent organisation and
regulator that acts to protect and maintain the market’s reputation
How we deliver on our purpose and provides services and original research, reports and analysis to
Everything Lloyd’s does is underpinned by one unifying purpose: the industry’s knowledge base.
sharing risk to create a braver world. This purpose speaks to the
Under one globally trusted name, the Lloyd’s market and the
impact and aspiration of the market and is as true today as it was in
Society of Lloyd’s share risk to protect our stakeholders’ interests,
Edward Lloyd’s coffee shop in 1688.
promote economic growth and create a braver world.
The Lloyd’s market has been at the forefront of its industry for more
than 300 years, pioneering new forms of protection for a rapidly Our impact on society
changing world. Collectively, the Lloyd’s market enables innovative Lloyd’s has a long track record in contributing to the communities in
ideas, shares insight and creates lasting partnerships to make a which we operate and, crucially, helping them to recover from
tangible difference for our customers, helping to create a braver, disaster. We are proud of the enduring role we play in protecting
more resilient world. society from some of the greatest threats, and in doing so
supporting economic growth and societal prosperity. Over the past
From start-ups to small and medium-sized enterprises, national
decade the Lloyd’s market has paid £145bn of claims to our
governments and multinational corporations, our customers are the
customers in their time of need, as well as the insurance and
people driving the global economy; and they rely on the specialism,
reinsurance critical to propelling the advancement of people,
strength and security of the Lloyd’s market to help them protect
businesses and communities around the world.
what matters most. The Lloyd’s market has helped customers
around the world withstand shock, recover and rebuild, and we are Lloyd’s is also a significant engine for the UK’s economy. The
proud to continue that essential service today. London (re)insurance market, of which Lloyd’s represents two
thirds of business written in London, employs 47,000 people and
makes up 1.7% of the UK’s gross domestic product.
Business flow The market Capital flow
Customers Distribution channels — 50 managing agents: managing syndicates Capital providers
— Global commercial — 350 brokers: — 76 syndicates: writing insurance and reinsurance (members)
organisations, such distributing business — Trade capital:
— 12 special purpose arrangements: set up solely to
as FTSE 250 and — 427 service company write a quota share of another syndicate insurance companies
Fortune 500 locations from around the world
companies — 4,030 coverholder — 2 bu s s y in n e d s ic s a tes in a box: writing innovative, new — Institutional capital:
— Small and medium- locations: offering local such as pension funds
sized enterprises access to Lloyd’s Gross written premiums: Capital and reserves: and private equity
— Individuals 2020 £35.5bn 2020 £33.9bn — Private capital (via
— Other insurance 2019 £35.9bn 2019 £30.6bn members’ agents):
groups such as small
2018 £35.5bn 2018 £28.2bn companies and
individuals
The Society – supporting the market
Note: All figures are as at 31 December 2020. Capital and reserves of £33.9bn comprised members’ assets held severally of £30.6bn, mutual assets of £2.5bn and subordinated debt of
£0.8bn. For further information on the Lloyd’s market visit: lloyds.com/about-lloyds
10 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
How we create value for our stakeholders insurance marketplace, offering our stakeholders the widest range
A market fuelled by possibility of risk solutions and services to help them face these new risks with
Lloyd’s is the world’s largest specialist insurance market and global confidence. Our competitive environment, central oversight and
distribution network, competing to share risk whatever the size, capital efficiencies improve performance, unlock new opportunities
location, industry or complexity in order to provide outstanding and enable the best possible outcomes for our stakeholders.
service for our customers. Built for an interconnected economy,
Lloyd’s insures people, businesses and communities in more than Our strategy: how we preserve value
200 countries and territories through a unique flow of business, and Lloyd’s strategy is to maintain and enhance the value we offer to
can develop tailor-made policies for customers in every sector, our many stakeholders:
covering more than 60 lines of insurance and reinsurance.
— Customers, ensuring we provide them with the products and
Protection you can rely on services they need, and being there when claims arise;
We take pride in doing what’s right, paying all valid claims. For more
— Distributors, offering the capacity to place specialist risks on
than three centuries the security of Lloyd’s has protected what
behalf of their clients;
matters most to people, businesses and communities and helped
them recover in times of need. We are committed to being an
— Managing agents, providing access to attractive insurance risk
from around the world;
inclusive global market that treats our people and customers with
dignity and respect. — Capital providers, giving the opportunity to sustainably invest in
different types of insurance risk; and
Our unique capital structure provides the financial strength that
backs all insurance policies written at Lloyd’s and the common — People, creating a culture in which every employee can fulfil their
security that underpins the market’s strong ratings and global full potential.
licence network. Lloyd’s central assets, which include the Central
Fund, are available, at the discretion of the Council, to meet any We are creating a market which attracts new risks, new customers
policyholder’s valid claim that cannot be met from the resources of and new forms of capital, and which will provide a superior
any member. With more than £33.9bn net resources backing Lloyd’s experience while operating at materially lower costs. When we
policies and competitive financial strength ratings, our stakeholders achieve this, the market will be bigger and more relevant, through:
have confidence that we will be there to meet all valid claims. — Offering even better solutions for our customers’ risks;
Solutions from the best minds in the market — Simplifying the process of accessing products and services at
A Lloyd’s policy benefits from the combined expertise of an entire Lloyd’s;
market, not just a single company. Our market combines the
— Reducing the cost of doing business at Lloyd’s; and
specialist knowledge and resources of 90 underwriting operations
— Continuing to build an inclusive and innovative culture that
and 350 brokers and uses this collective expertise, professionalism
attracts the most talented people to Lloyd’s.
and judgement to protect stakeholders’ interests.
With this unrivalled depth and breadth of insurance expertise, By delivering against our four strategic pillars and effectively
Lloyd’s is the leading marketplace for protecting against new and managing our Tier 1 risks, we will realise these aims, enhance the
emerging risks. Together our underwriters and brokers create value we offer our stakeholders and ensure that this is sustained
innovative, responsive solutions to the most unique challenges. We over the long term. Our strategic pillars are:
embrace new challenges, create new products and champion new
— Performance: continuing our work to deliver first-class
solutions – no matter how specialist or complex the risk.
underwriting;
A partner for the long term
— Digitalisation: our Future at Lloyd’s strategy to build the world’s
The trusted relationships which underpin our marketplace are one
most advanced insurance marketplace and deliver the widest
of our greatest strengths. Our community of experts working to
range of products and services to our customers;
best serve our customers, enable us to share risk. The long-term
relationships between customers, brokers and underwriters, built on
— Culture: building a diverse, inclusive and high-performing culture
in the Society and the market in which everyone feels safe, valued
mutual trust, create the collaborative spirit which enables our
and respected, and that reflects the global markets we work in;
market to create innovative solutions and work together in the best
and
interests of our stakeholders.
— Purpose: strengthening the market’s performance, capital and
Insight and leadership to build resilience
financial credibility, putting sustainability at the heart of our
Lloyd’s has always been an intelligence network and we continue to
operations and embedding trust and the reputation of Lloyd’s
convene and lead the global (re)insurance industry. Our insight,
around the world through thought and action leadership.
experience and judgement inform decision making, enable
innovation and ensure our stakeholders stay resilient and ahead.
Further details on our delivery against these pillars in 2020, and our
Lloyd’s latest research and reports provide insights into emerging
priorities for 2021, can be found on pages 15 to 17.
risk issues and innovations to help our underwriters, brokers and
customers understand and better manage risk.
An ecosystem of opportunity
As a marketplace, Lloyd’s provides access to economies of scale
through consistent standards, single regulatory interface and
shared business services. The global risk landscape is changing at
pace and our customers operate in a complex and fast-changing
world. Lloyd’s is building the world’s most technologically advanced
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 11

Our Purpose
continued
Non-financial information statement
The Society aims to comply with the requirements contained in
sections 414CA and 414CB of the Companies Act 2006 and
related guidance on the Strategic Report issued by The Financial
Reporting Council Limited.
Reporting requirement Page reference to our approach
Key risks 26-27
Environmental and 18-21
social matters
Anti-corruption and 19
anti-bribery matters
Human rights 19
Employees 20
Non-financial KPIs 22-23
12 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
External Environment
A year like no other Climate
2020 brought more changes than many could have imagined: from The challenges of climate change were brought into sharp focus in
the global public health crisis and its heavy toll on communities, 2020. The average temperature was 1.02 degrees Celsius above
businesses and mental health, to the increasing imperative to the 1951-1980 baseline, the joint warmest on record.
address climate change and a defining moment in social justice. For
COVID-19 has resulted in the postponement of the 26th session of
the insurance industry, supporting our colleagues, clients and
the Conference of the Parties (COP26) to the United Nations
communities to rebuild our economies and businesses and get back
Framework Convention on Climate Change until November 2021,
to growth was a key area of focus. The challenges of 2020 prove
when leaders from around the world will be reporting back on
that helping to create a fairer, more resilient society is more
progress since the 2015 Paris Agreement — with an aspiration that
important than ever.
new decisions will be taken on how to deliver lower carbon
emissions.
The world economy
The global insurance industry recognises its key role in the climate
COVID-19 has resulted in the sharpest and deepest contraction in
challenge and facilitating the carbon transition through the phasing
economic activity since the Great Depression of the 1930s. National
out of fossil fuels, more rapid adoption of renewables and moving to
lockdowns, travel and sanitary restrictions have led to entire sectors
clean transport – as well as through its investment in green energy
of the economy being forced to close. Global GDP is estimated to
and clean industries.
have declined by around 3.5% in 2020, a significantly larger
contraction than the global financial crisis in 2009. It is notable that,
with the exception of China, emerging economies have been Accelerating digital transformation
impacted harder than developed economies – underscoring the Digitalisation, the use of data, and data-driven insights have played
impact of the pandemic on the poorest. a key role in driving the modernisation of the industry and reducing
administration costs. COVID-19 presented significant challenges to
Although global growth is showing signs of recovery, it is very
insurer operations, prompting an overnight shift to remote working
dependent on minimising potential future pandemic outbreaks. The
and virtual customer engagement. The sudden imperative was to
IMF predicts global growth of 5.5% in 2021. Any forecast is bound
accelerate digitalisation and enhance virtual operations, delivering
to be uncertain: delays in vaccine roll-outs, new viral strains and
transformation in one year that originally might have taken three to
renewed lockdowns are significant risks. However, faster than
five years. These changes, which required digital connectivity and
expected vaccination programmes and/or improved treatments
ease of remote access, have generated new exposures for the
would allow economies to recover much more quickly.
industry and our policyholders, particularly in terms of cyber risk
Fiscal and monetary policies around the world have been deployed and business interruption.
to cushion the effects of the pandemic and will continue to adjust to
reflect its impact on economies. Global fiscal stimulus resulted in Changing customer needs
government debt increasing by $12tn in 2020 to over 100% of GDP,
COVID-19 has shifted customers’ perceptions and demand for
the highest since World War II.
insurance. Research carried out by Lloyd’s in 2020 showed that
some customer attitudes towards insurance had deteriorated, with
Geopolitical trends
the perception that some business interruption policies have not
Geopolitics will remain a key feature impacting the overall business performed as expected during the pandemic. This has been
environment and growth. Under the Biden presidency, the United highlighted by legal challenges seen in a number of countries.
States is likely to be more interventionist, including in health and
climate change. Upcoming elections in 2021 and 2022, particularly Customers expressed short-term priorities around ensuring clarity
in Germany and France, could have far-reaching consequences for of insurance cover and business resilience to future waves of the
pandemic and safeguarding their employees and customers. In the
the future of Europe post-Brexit.
long term, customers want more flexible insurance, greater
Diversity and equality protection for their global supply chains and rising cyber risk
exposures, and advice on how to mitigate and protect against future
The pandemic has notably caused most economic hardship to the
systemic risks. Some larger companies said they were increasingly
poorest in society and has had a particular impact on the wellbeing
self-insuring through captives.
and mental health of people. There is increasing concern that
people from Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic backgrounds are In 2021, it will be important for insurers to rebuild customers’ trust in
being disproportionately impacted by COVID-19. Alongside this, the insurance through simplification of products. Customers will also be
killings of George Floyd, Breonna Taylor, Ahmaud Arbery and others looking for assurances that the new risks they face are considered
gave rise to social unrest across the United States and led to by insurers.
communities around the world rallying for social and racial justice.
This resulted in government, industry and public figures taking fresh
steps to respond to these concerns and create an environment free
from injustice.
The global insurance industry has been actively pursuing policies to
promote diversity and inclusion, but more work is still needed.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 13

External Environment
continued
The insurance industry response to COVID-19
Following COVID-19 the global insurance industry has been
undergoing a process of adjustment and modernisation, driven by
the overriding need for sustainable and profitable growth.
Pricing in the London market continues to harden in response to
changes in risk exposures and increased casualty losses. Despite
this, there are a number of important challenges including the
uncertainty over the ultimate costs of COVID-19 related claims, the
pandemic’s recessionary impact on the sector, and low investment
yields.
We estimate that the global insurance industry will pay around
US$203bn in claims and due to a reduction in asset values as a
result of COVID-19. Although this is a significant figure, providing
cover for systemic risks such as pandemics, global cyber-attacks or
destructive solar storm ultimately requires financial resources far in
excess of the global non-life (re)insurance industry’s US$2tn asset
pool. Insurers will therefore need to find solutions in partnership
with governments to ensure that customers and society are better
protected against future systemic shocks.
14 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Our Strategy
We started 2020 with three strategic pillars: to continue our the Lloyd’s market and maintained the ambition laid out in Blueprint
progress on returning to sustainable, profitable, market-leading One, while also refocusing and adapting our approach, informed by
underwriting performance; to implement our Future at Lloyd’s extensive research, consultation and feedback.
digitalisation strategy for the long-term success of the market; and
Despite the challenges that 2020 presented, we delivered a huge
to build a diverse and inclusive culture.
number of improvements for the market, including streamlining the
These overarching priorities of performance, digitalisation, culture, claims process to help customers during COVID-19, launching a
together with a new ‘purpose’ pillar, remain paramount and drive catastrophe reporting portal to save reporting effort, and launching
everything we do across Lloyd’s. a new pilot for the automation of lower value transactions for
settlement which is providing insight on behaviours, risk appetite
Performance and design for the claims digital solution.
Progress during 2020
We worked closely with the market to deliver the Virtual Room, a
2020 was a difficult year, but the market made good progress and digital platform that allows market participants to maintain their
improved underlying performance, notably in reducing attritional
connection to the Lloyd’s community from wherever they are
losses. following the temporary closure of the Underwriting Room in 2020.
While 2021 planning presented unique challenges for all those Extensive research was used to shape the proposition through
involved, we managed to make this year’s process more effective more than 100 customer interviews with market participants to
than the last. Our improved underlying performance demonstrates deeply understand their pain points and challenges with the initial
the progress we’ve made in getting back to delivering sustainable remote working period. The Virtual Room was launched to coincide
profitability over the long term. with the re-opening of the physical Lloyd’s underwriting room on
1 September 2020 and was delivered within six weeks.
These foundations have given Lloyd’s a great platform for 2021 and
we must continue to manage the market’s performance on a We also: removed the need for rekeying data by building new
sustainable basis. Refer to the 2020 Highlights section of the application programming interfaces (APIs) that enable data to flow
Market Results for further detail on performance. to and from brokers’ and carriers’ placement systems; worked
extensively with the Lloyd’s Market Association (LMA) and
Priorities for 2021
managing agents on potential new Lead Follow standards; and
Soon to be overseen by Patrick Tiernan, our incoming Chief of agreed and finalised Lloyd’s stake in the London market’s electronic
Markets, market performance remains a key priority in 2021, with
placing platform (PPL).
continued focus on sound business planning, underwriting discipline
and strong portfolio management to enable a return to a sustainable We developed syndicate in a box from a concept encouraging new,
profitable market. At the end of a year where COVID-19 presented accretive and innovative business in Blueprint One to a full
us with new and unique challenges, it will come as no surprise that operating model, and have now fully approved three syndicates in a
much of our planned oversight during 2021 is in response to the box: Carbon syndicate 4747 and Munich Re innovation syndicate
current uncertain environment. 1840, which both launched in 2020, and Ascot Parsyl syndicate
1796 launching in 2021. Syndicates Jet 2019 and Victor 2288
During 2021 we will adopt a more dynamic approach to our core started underwriting in 2020. Ki, a fully digital algorithmically-driven
oversight activities across a number of areas including underwriting, ‘follow only’ syndicate developed by Brit and Google Cloud was
outward reinsurance, capital, reserving, investments and conduct.
approved In 2020, and commenced underwriting from January
Our oversight will need to be flexible to respond to the emerging
2021.
COVID-19 environment, and data received through regular
performance returns will identify trends and areas for increased or We revisited all our plans around our capital work in light of market
additional oversight. feedback and the COVID-19 pandemic. It was agreed this work
should be paused to allow the programme and the market to focus
Our differentiated approach to oversight will continue to play a key
on the areas where it could provide the most benefit in the
role in providing the best performing syndicates the space to grow,
immediate future. We have since launched our new digital portal for
while at the same time reducing unsustainable business across the members, members’ agents and investment managers which
poorest performing classes and syndicates. We expect syndicates
provides quick and easy access to Funds at Lloyd’s data, and have
to meet their calendar year plans, and their ability to do so will form
simplified the rules around managing Funds at Lloyd’s.
part of the overall assessment of syndicate performance.
In January 2021, we received regulatory approval for our new multi
It is also important that we don’t lose sight of the areas of non-
insurance special purpose vehicle (ISPV), London Bridge Risk PCC
financial risk. Our oversight work in 2021 will focus on a number of Ltd. This will make it easier for investors to access the Lloyd’s
key non-financial areas including financial crime, cyber resilience, market and provides a new platform to improve the ease and
conduct, Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG), and culture. transparency of managing capital.
Digitalisation Priorities for 2021
In November 2020, we published our second Future at Lloyd’s
Progress during 2020
blueprint, setting out the delivery plan for the next phase of our
In September 2019, we published our vision for the Future at Lloyd’s
strategy1.
in Blueprint One. The world is now a very different place and despite
great adversity, the market has responded well and has proven its Blueprint Two is the foundation for our market’s digital
resilience in remarkable ways. The pandemic has demonstrated that transformation and it sets out a two-year plan to deliver a set of
we can adapt and do things differently and has increased our tangible solutions that will radically shift the market to a digital
ambition for what the market can achieve. With that in mind, we ecosystem, powered by data and technology – ultimately delivering
have pushed ahead with the same underlying concepts to digitalise
1. For more information on Blueprint Two and to read the full blueprint, please visit: futureat.lloyds.com
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 15

Our Strategy
continued
better value at a lower cost for our customers. This will include In 2020, we fulfilled all of our 2019 commitments by setting gender
complete and accurate data, a modern digital architecture providing targets and publishing the Lloyd’s Culture Dashboard2, which
data orchestration and a unified experience for the participants of benchmarks the market’s starting point and is intended to
the market, and a set of services that link the lifecycle of transparently track Lloyd’s collective progress towards a much
transactions from placement through accounting, payment, more inclusive environment. We also launched a Culture Toolkit3
endorsements, claims, renewals and reporting. providing practical tools, techniques and advice to support the
market in its efforts to move towards a more inclusive, diverse and
2021 will therefore be a year of execution. We will strive to deliver
high-performing culture.
the services outlined in Blueprint Two for priority lines of business
and processes over the course of the year and into 2022. To improve the gender balance in leadership roles across the
market, the Society has set a short-term target of 35% female
In 2021, our focus will be on taking an open market risk from a
representation in leadership positions and 20% in Executive and
single line of business to the point of bind and through the new
Board positions across the market by the end of 2023. This sits
Digital Gateway, ready for digital processing. Additionally, we will be
alongside a medium-term ambition for parity over the next decade.
testing post-bind digital processing capabilities, digitalising the
Importantly, in the Society we have achieved parity during 2020,
management of open market claims from first notification to
with 47% of our leadership roles being filled by women. In October
payment, and rolling out the delegated authority solution from
2020, we set a diversity policy for Lloyd’s Council stating that a
support and onboarding through to placement and data capture.
minimum of 33% of the Council should be female and/or from a
The focus of 2022 will be on enhancing the products built in 2021 Black, Asian or Minority Ethnic background by the end of 2023.
and rolling this out across additional classes, markets and
At Lloyd’s we believe in creating a healthy working environment and
geographies. There will be a specific focus on the sequencing of the
culture that enables positive wellbeing across the market. The
roll-out which will be flexed based on market research and
impact of lockdown measures and an extended period working
feedback, as per our ‘test and learn’ approach.
from home, together with concerns about COVID-19, will be
It is essential that the solutions set out in Blueprint Two work for the impacting all of our people in many different ways. During 2020, we
whole of the market, so from the outset we will work in close have placed an increased focus on our people’s wellbeing and put
consultation and collaboration with all segments of the market and new policies and practices in place to support them as they adapted
our chosen service providers who will support the development and to the new environment. This included an additional five days’ leave
running of the technology components. for those working around caring responsibilities, adapting our focus
on flexible working, increasing the time available for volunteering,
The Future at Lloyd’s will be digital from start to finish, providing a
organising webinars focusing on mental health and wellbeing,
highly intuitive user experience with data at its core. Capturing
developing a new information hub and providing financial support
complete and accurate data at the point insurance transactions are
for employees to purchase the equipment they need to work at
entered into will unlock a myriad of benefits for policyholders,
home effectively and safely.
brokers and insurers. The improvements outlined in Blueprint Two
are a product of extensive market research, feedback and As part of our commitment to improve market data and measure
collaboration. They aim to deliver significant operational efficiencies, progress, we ran our annual market culture survey for the second
making it simpler and more efficient for market participants to trade, time in October. Following a challenging year, the results of the survey
with an estimated aggregate reduction of £800m in operating costs demonstrate that the actions being taken by Lloyd’s are delivering
for brokers, underwriters and business partners. This total is based positive and measurable change, with improvements across all four of
on research carried out with a sample of managing agents and our priority areas: gender balance, speaking up, wellbeing and
brokers, looking at their current processes and costs and working leadership. In particular, the second culture survey highlights notable
out how much these reduce if they adopt all the Future at Lloyd’s progress in the experience of women working in the Lloyd’s market
solutions. By eliminating non-value add administrative activity, these over the past 18 months, following targeted action to drive change at
efficiencies will enable the market to give more focus to value pace, including the setting of gender targets.
adding activities, such as product development, innovation and risk
However, the survey has also highlighted areas for ongoing and
mitigation to improve customer outcomes.
concentrated focus, including continued focus on wellbeing across
the market and improving the experience of Black, Asian and
Culture
Minority Ethnic talent as a top priority.
Progress during 2020
Transforming Lloyd’s culture is a strategic imperative for the future Priorities for 2021
success of our marketplace – one which is powered by the intellect Our actions to date have placed culture firmly on the agenda for the
of its people, who together create our shared culture and our Lloyd’s market and form the foundation of our ongoing initiatives
shared future. To get there, we need to be brave in our actions to and commitment to build a more inclusive environment. While we
accelerate change and be transparent in how we measure our have put in place a series of actions to accelerate change, it is
progress and hold ourselves to account. abundantly clear that we have much work to do and we must be
impatient in our resolve to get there.
In 2019, we launched a comprehensive programme of actions to
drive long-term culture change in the Lloyd’s market. This included We will continue to accelerate our approach in leading the market
forming the Lloyd’s Culture Advisory Group and launching a on all aspects of inclusion and diversity. Alongside these measures,
Speaking Up campaign, as well as setting business conduct and against the backdrop of the current and future working
standards that we expect everyone who works in Lloyd’s market to environment, we will maintain a strong focus on wellbeing and
adhere to. transparently measure progress against all our priority areas
through the Culture Dashboard.
2. Lloyd’s Culture Dashboard is available at: lloyds.com/about-lloyds/future-culture-at-lloyds/culture-dashboard
3. The Culture Toolkit can be accessed at: lloyds.com/about-lloyds/future-culture-at-lloyds/toolkit
16 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
We are committed to improving the experience of Black, Asian and In September, we launched our report Building simpler insurance
Minority Ethnic talent in our market, by taking meaningful and products to better protect customers, addressing the urgency with
measurable action to level the playing field and increasing the which the global insurance industry must invest and focus on
representation of Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic colleagues, clarifying and simplifying its products.
particularly across leadership roles. To support this, we will focus on
We finished 2020 with the publication of our first Environmental,
improving the collection of ethnicity data and other characteristics
Social and Governance (ESG) strategy. The report details our
to enable the market to fully understand its starting point and set a
ambitions to fully integrate sustainability into all our business
market target for ethnicity from Q2 2021. This follows our five initial
activities and represents an important milestone on the journey
actions to help improve the experience of Black, Asian and Minority
towards building a more sustainable future. Further detail on our
Ethnic talent across the market, published in June 2020.
ESG strategy is available on page 18.
There is a long way to go, but we are determined that we can, and
Priorities for 2021
will, create a culture in the Lloyd’s market in which everybody can
Our new strategic pillar will encompass three important strands of
flourish.
activity.
Purpose The first is our long-term value proposition, with a focus on:
We are defined by our purpose and now is the time to act. That delivering sustainable, profitable growth; strengthening the market’s
purpose is sharing risk to create a braver world. It is our reason for performance, capital and financial credibility; enhancing our value
existing, a guidepost for our strategy, and an articulation of why proposition to customers and global stakeholders; creating an
what we do matters and the value we bring to customers and to inclusive and high-performing culture; and building the most
society. So, reflecting on the events of recent years, we intend to advanced insurance marketplace in the world.
highlight this as a fourth strategic pillar and in doing so ensure that The second strand of activity is innovation – something that Lloyd’s
our purpose is central to everything we do. has always been renowned for, but for which we must continue to
Progress during 2020 nurture, develop and promote. In 2021, we will continue to enhance
For individuals, businesses and communities the impact of COVID- our innovation capabilities through the launch of Futureset, a global
19 has been significant and many are now navigating the process of platform and community, working alongside Lloyd’s Lab and
recovery. Product Innovation Facility to create and share risk insight,
intelligence and expertise, build understanding and act as a catalyst
While our primary duty as an industry and as a market is to pay our
for industry, government and societal action to develop greater
customers’ claims, these are unprecedented times that call for a
resilience.
more concerted market response. To support our customers
through this process we asked what they need to help protect them This will also encapsulate Lloyd’s ESG strategy, which places
from risks over the short, medium and long term. Based on this sustainability at the heart of everything we do, as well as our
feedback, and together with our Global and London Advisory broader approach to climate change. In 2021 we will explore how
Committees, which include a number of the world’s largest insurers, we can work with the UK Government to support their ten-point
we proposed new solutions and insurance structures in our report plan for a Green Industrial Revolution and the lead up to the 26th
Supporting global recovery and resilience for customers and UN Climate Change Conference of the Parties (COP26) in
economies: the insurance response to COVID-19. We are now November 2021. COP26 is going to be an important moment in
developing these solutions in partnership with the global insurance 2021, and Lloyd’s plans to be a proactive contributor to the debate.
industry, regulators and governments. The third strand is our global brand and reputation. Lloyd’s has a
In addition, we committed a £15m package of support for charitable leading position and brand in the global insurance market and our
organisations responding to the pandemic and set aside a further fourth pillar will renew our focus on communicating and living our
£15m in seed capital to build resource and capability to better purpose. The action we’ve taken on responding to COVID-19,
understand, model and create products that better protect changing culture and developing ESG goals over the past two years
customers against future systemic risks, including pandemics. In has embedded the trust and reputation of Lloyd’s around the world,
2020, the Lloyd’s Innovation Lab began working with insurtechs and with this enhanced focus we can do more, including
that can provide some of these capabilities, including exploring the strengthening our cooperation with governments, banks and other
application of an epidemic tracker to better evaluate and underwrite bodies globally.
pandemic risk and solutions to help close the insurance gap for
systemic risks. Alongside this, our Product Innovation Facility is
focusing on innovating products to respond to an accelerated shift
towards intangible-driven business models in response to COVID-19.
In July, we approved and supported the launch of our first public-
private syndicate set up to insure the storage and transportation of
a COVID-19 vaccine to emerging economies and well as the launch
of Lloyd’s Global Health Risk Facility (GHRF), which will make
billions of dollars of insurance coverage available, together with risk
mitigation services to help protect and support the global
distribution of COVID-19 vaccines as well as critical health
commodities.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 17

Responsible Business
We want to be known as a responsible business leader, operating in
a way that makes those who work for us and with us feel proud of Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
what we do and how we do it. We have been working on our
Our ESG commitments have been developed in line with the
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) strategy throughout
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and in
2020 and outlined our ambition to integrate sustainability into all of
support of the principles set out in the Paris Agreement. While
Lloyd’s business activities in our first ESG report, which was
all 17 SDGs are relevant to our business, we are prioritising six
published in December 20204.
that align best to our core business activities, priorities and
purpose. These are:
Our ESG commitments
In our first ESG report, we committed to engaging widely with We are committed to gender equality and
stakeholders across the Lloyd’s market to further develop and equal opportunities for employees at all levels,
operationalise our ESG strategy, policies and processes. We will in terms of employment throughout the market
develop a framework to help insurance businesses in our market and through our investments.
integrate ESG principles into their business activities over the next
18 months. Below is a summary of our ambition statements. We have invested significantly to support clean
and affordable energy, including modelling
Sustainable insurance
climate change risk and insuring customers in
To encourage product innovation we have introduced a new
the renewable energy sector.
allowance of 2% of gross written premiums for new innovative and
sustainable products in addition to syndicates' business-as-usual
We provide insurance that supports inclusive
plans. Lloyd’s managing agents will be asked to provide no new
and sustainable economic growth, and we are
insurance cover in respect of thermal coal-fired power plants,
committed to protecting human rights within
thermal coal mines, oil sands or new Arctic energy exploration our market, supply chains and business
activities from 1 January 2022 and not to renew insurance partners.
coverages after 1 January 2030. This also applies to companies
with business models that derive at least 30% of their revenues We have a proud history of innovation, with
from these activities from 1 January 2030. highlights including the first motor policy
through to the sharing economy and low
Responsible investment
carbon technology. We provide critical
The Society will allocate 5% of the Central Fund to impact
insurance to support the success of industries
investments by 2022. We will phase out new investments in thermal
around the world, as well as resilient and green
coal-fired power plants, thermal coal mines, oil sands and new
infrastructure.
Arctic energy exploration activities by the Lloyd’s market and the
Society by 1 January 2022 and existing investments by the end of
We are experts in helping businesses and
2025. This includes phasing out existing investments in respect of
communities, and therefore the cities they live
companies with business models that derive at least 30% of their
and work in, reduce their risks and become
revenues from these activities by the end of 2025.
more resilient.
Responsible operations
We will ensure that the Society is net zero carbon emissions for our Improving society’s understanding of climate
operations by 2025 and publish a roadmap to support that ambition. change and its impacts is one of our key
The Society will work with the Lloyd’s market in 2021 to support priorities. We are a founding member of
their own implementation of net zero carbon emission plans and will ClimateWise.
explore the potential to develop a Lloyd’s market-wide carbon
offset project.
Customers Community
We will set up a customer working group to explore how we can We will continue to work with all businesses in our market to engage
make our insurance contracts simpler and easier to understand. We them with our community work and support our network of more
will continue to explore how our open source frameworks could be than 200 community champions. We will strengthen our
leveraged and applied globally to offer customers greater relationships with charity partners to help them raise more funds,
protection against future systemic risks. We will improve our provide business support and increase their risk management skills.
customer satisfaction monitoring and continue to regularly review
how we can improve our customers’ experiences through product
oversight and governance and through promoting best practice.
People and culture
We will work to achieve our phase one target of 35% female
representation in leadership positions across the Lloyd’s market by
31 December 2023. We will set a target for Black, Asian and
Minority Ethnic representation in leadership positions in the Lloyd’s
market in Q2 2021. We will continue to reduce the Society’s gender
pay gap, and work to ensure that Lloyd’s market Boards and
Executive Committees combined will have at least 20% female
representation by 31 December 2023.
4. Our full ESG report can be accessed at: lloyds.com/about-lloyds/responsible-business/esg-report
18 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Our COVID-19 response
In 2020, we focused on helping charities respond to the immediate Our approach to building sustainable
and long-term needs of communities dealing with the impacts of communities: Edutainment in Africa
COVID-19 by committing £15m to charitable organisations and
Those most affected by climate change are often the most
funds. This included:
vulnerable. As part of our work to build more resilient
— £5m to the Association of British Insurers’ COVID-19 Support communities, Lloyd’s Africa partnered with global humanitarian
Fund, which is providing £100m to the National Emergencies and development organisation Mercy Corps to raise
Trust in the UK; awareness of the benefits of insurance for smallholder farmers
— £3m fund for charities nominated by Society staff globally; in East Africa.
— £2m to support new and existing charity partners in the UK best Taking an edutainment approach (education delivered in an
placed to respond to the pandemic; engaging way), key messages about the value of insuring crops
— £2m for local organisations supported by the Society’s global and livestock were delivered through the farm makeover TV
offices; and show Shamba Shape Up. The show is popular with smallholder
farmers and their families, with each episode reaching 2.5m
— £1m to Lloyd’s Charities Trust’s Market Charity Awards that
households in Kenya alone, with 60% of the viewers female.
recognise and celebrate the voluntary and fundraising work of
The show also aired in Tanzania, increasing the initiative’s
individuals from across the Lloyd’s market.
outreach.
We have held the remaining funds in reserve to support future
needs relating to the pandemic. So far, our COVID-19 response fund
People and culture
has helped 197 charities and their beneficiaries. We also worked
Human rights and modern slavery
with our existing partners to develop virtual volunteering activities
and supported them with unrestricted donations to help them adapt We fully support the principles set out in the United Nations
during COVID-19, and donated £282,000 worth of food and masks Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Labour
to support community groups in London during the pandemic. Organization core labour standards. We respect the dignity and
rights of each individual who works for us and with us.
Community
As a global business, we recognise that respect for human rights is
Community involvement is at the heart of our values at Lloyd’s. Over fundamental. We are committed to ensuring that there is no modern
the next five years, our ambition is to create measurable positive slavery or human trafficking taking place in our supply chains or in
outcomes by running one of the leading community engagement any part of our business. We continue to implement appropriate
programmes in the insurance industry. To achieve this, we use our policies to support our commitment to act ethically and with
global network of some 200 countries and territories worldwide to integrity in all our business relationships.
build resilient communities, manage risk and promote innovation
We continued our approach in 2020 to include a supplier
and empower individuals to reach their potential.
performance and risk management framework and spot-check
As part of our community work, we manage three independent audits on some of our critical suppliers to ascertain their
charities and a volunteer programme. These charities are the compliance with the modern slavery legislation.
Lloyd’s Charities Trust, Lloyd’s Patriotic Fund and Lloyd’s
Financial crime
Tercentenary Research Foundation. We also work with the Lloyd’s
The Society is committed to ensuring the market it oversees, any
Benevolent Fund, established in 1829, which provides financial
associated parties and the Society itself has robust systems,
assistance to individuals working in the market who have faced
policies and controls in place to minimise the risk of any acts of
exceptional circumstances. All charities have their own trustees
financial crime. The Society’s Financial Crime policy ensures that
made up from professionals across the Lloyd’s market, external
the Society, including all jurisdictions in which it operates, is aware
experts or from academia.
of the ‘6 Pillars’ of financial crime risk, namely money
In 2020, through the Society, Lloyd's charities and our COVID-19 laundering/terrorist financing, sanctions, bribery and corruption, tax
response fund, we donated £13.9m, supporting 313 organisations evasion facilitation, fraud and market abuse/insider dealing.
globally. In addition, 700 volunteers from the market and Society Through its oversight of the market, the Society lays down financial
gave their time and support more than 1,800 people in our local crime-related minimum standards, which it expects the market to
communities in London through our formal programmes. implement accordingly. The Society also supports the market in its
compliance with financial crime prevention requirements and tests
Lloyd’s Charities Trust continued its partnership with Habitat for
the effectiveness of both the Society and the market’s management
Humanity Great Britain with the aim of helping those most
of financial crime risks.
vulnerable in society become more resilient to disasters, particularly
in Malawi. Lloyd’s Patriotic Fund launched its new partnership with Whistleblowing
Combat Stress and RFEA (the Forces’ Employment Charity) in The Society has undertaken extensive work to strengthen its
March 2020 and over the next three years will help military families whistleblowing arrangements. Multiple channels are available for all
adjust to civilian life. We also extended some of the training and employees to raise any concerns, and investigations are handled by
development available to insurance businesses in our market to our specially designated individuals in the Financial Crime and
charity partners meaning seven organisations received free support Compliance team. The Annual Whistleblowing report was prepared
on how to put in place inclusive hiring practices. and delivered to the Audit Committee in November 2020, and
preparations are under way for the first attestation further to the
Voluntary Notice of Requirement published by the PRA in December
2019.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 19

Responsible Business
continued
Employee policies represents the difference between the average pay for a man in the
The Society has a number of policies, standards and practices to Society, compared with the average pay for a woman. The gender
ensure we treat all colleagues with fairness, respect and pay gap is different to equaI pay, which is men and women being
consistency, and provide them with the necessary support to be the paid the same for the same work or work of equaI value, and which
best they can be at work. We have a code of conduct, human rights we review on an annual basis as part of our compensation review
policy and speaking up policy, which are available to employees. process. The Society does not believe it has an equal pay issue.
The Society is proud of its market-leading family care policies that Like many financial services firms, we employ broadly equal
are designed to provide employees with the support they need to numbers of men and women at entry levels, but this representation
enjoy happy and healthy working and home lives, whatever that does not extend to senior levels. Addressing the gender pay gap
looks like for them. In response to COVID-19 we have placed an requires commitment at both the senior levels and investment in our
increased focus on our people’s wellbeing and put new policies and future generation of leaders. To help redress the balance, in
practices in place, including an additional five days’ leave for those addition to expanding our family care policies, our Lloyd’s Advance
working around caring responsibilities and providing financial development programme for women aims to develop future women
support for employees to purchase the equipment they need to leaders through targeted development, mentoring, sponsorship and
work at home effectively and safely. networking. In 2020, we saw two cohorts of women successfully
complete the Advance programme, with additional cohorts
Our Diversity and Inclusion policy is designed to ensure that all
announced for 2021. Our commitment is to an enhanced gender
employees understand the importance of equality and diversity. A
balanced plan to meaningfully close the gender pay gap.
Reasonable Adjustment policy sets out the general principles and
procedures for all employees to follow and discuss reasonable Ethnicity pay gap
adjustments, so that employees with disabilities are not As part of our commitment to improving the experience for Black,
disadvantaged compared with people who are not disabled. Asian and Minority Ethnic colleagues, this year we have voluntarily
reported our overall ethnicity pay gap for 2020. The Society
Living Wage employer
reported an ethnicity pay gap of 12.1% mean and 5.1% median. In
As part of our commitment to being a responsible business, the
addition, the Society has also opted to further report our pay gaps
Society is part of the Living Wage campaign. Our commitment to
for Black (24.9% mean; 17.9% median), Asian (8.0% mean; 4.0%
the initiative means that all Society employees, including those
median) and Mixed/Multiple Ethnic background (4.7% mean; -0.7%
working for our sub-contractors, are guaranteed a fair wage that
median) colleagues.
accurately reflects the cost of living.
In June 2020, the Society apologised for the role played by Lloyd’s in
Diversity and inclusion
the 18th and 19th century slave trade. In acknowledging our own
To embrace diversity in gender, gender identity, race, ethnicity,
history, we committed to focusing on the following actions to improve
sexual orientation, age, ability or disability, background and religion,
the experience of Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic colleagues:
the Society and the market work in partnership through the
Inclusion@Lloyd’s steering group and other diversity and inclusion 1. Invest in programmes to attract, retain and develop Black, Asian
networks. In 2020, we launched our Ethnicity in the Workplace and Minority Ethnic talent in the Lloyd’s market, including
guide, highlighting the experience of Black, Asian and Minority launching our ‘Accelerate’ Programme – a modular programme to
Ethnic colleagues using personal stories and data collected more develop Ethnic Minority Future Leaders across the market.
than 900 employees market-wide. 2020 was our sixth year of 2. Review our employee and partner policies, as well as our
sponsoring the Dive In Festival for diversity and inclusion in organisational artefacts, to ensure that they are explicitly
insurance. Spread across three days, events took place in 35 non-racist.
countries and attracted more than 30,000 participants. This year,
3. Commit to education and research. We will educate our
the festival concentrated on the importance of the collaborative
colleagues and continue our research into the experiences of
action of local voices to create a global impact on inclusion. The
Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic professionals working in
theme of authenticity and perspective encourages participants to
insurance, and share what we learn with the market.
think about the aspects of diversity and inclusion that enable us to
bring our whole selves and our unique experiences to bear on our 4. Provide financial support to charities and organisations promoting
shared challenges. opportunity and inclusion for Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic groups.
Gender pay gap 5. Develop a long-term action plan in collaboration with our Culture
Advisory Group, Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic colleagues and
The Society reported a gender pay gap of 20.3% (mean) in its 2020
white allies who will inform our journey and hold us to account.
Gender Pay Gap Report, a decrease from 23.6% in 2019. This gap
2020 Society employee segmentation figures
UK 1,040
Non-UK 265
Executive Team Head of Function Manager Professional/Technician Administrative Total
Female 3 21 171 232 243 670
Male 4 38 258 231 103 634
Non-binary 0 0 1 0 0 1
Total 7 59 430 463 346 1,305
20 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Responsible operations In 2020, we continued to reduce our emissions on a total global
Procurement basis from 8,363 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (tCO2e) in
The Society’s mission is to deliver an effective and sustainable 2019 to 6,104 tCO2e in 2020 – a reduction of 27%. We have
approach to all third-party sourcing and supplier management, while reduced our total global emissions per full time employee (FTE) by
achieving maximum value, minimising risk and driving efficiencies to 24% from 7.3 tCO2e/FTE in 2019 to 5.6 tCO2e /FTE in 2020.
invest in the future. COVID-19 has impacted our carbon emissions due to significantly
reduced flights, business travel and staff commute (falling by an
We are committed to the highest professional standards and ethics,
average of 80% across all three categories), reduced use of Lloyd’s
and we expect the same high standards from the suppliers and any office space (reducing our electricity usage at One Lime Street by
third-party sub-contractors that we work with. Our aim is to work 24%) and a reduction in demand for electricity through our data
collaboratively with our supply chain partners towards a responsible
centres (emissions reducing by 14%). Estimations of the carbon
business approach. As part of our tender vetting process, suppliers emissions of employees working from home as a result of COVID-19
are asked questions to assess their position on all responsible have not been included. During 2021 and beyond, we will review this
business activities outlined in our ESG commitment. Suppliers are
if the trend of increased homeworking continues. We will also
also asked to sign up to Lloyd’s Supplier Code of Conduct. minimise the impact of our air travel emissions by offsetting them to
Environment fund community projects that remove greenhouse gas emissions.
In 2020, we set a target for the Society to be net zero carbon
emissions by 2025 and we will work with the Lloyd’s market to
support their own pathways to achieving net zero. We have
identified a carbon management plan to decarbonise Lloyd’s
operations to meet our net zero ambitions. We are exploring
developing a Lloyd’s market-wide carbon offset project as part of
our 2025 net zero ambitions.
We have continued the focus on reducing our energy consumption
and associated carbon emissions from our London headquarters,
given the majority of our emissions are from the UK. We have:
— Reduced our office space through our refurbishment;
— Fully installing LED lights and recycling 98% of the office waste
removed through the refurbishment;
— Upgraded the boiler and chiller controls;
— Completed a sustainability assessment of all new office space
acquired;
— Implemented the environmental management system ISO 14001;
and
— Engaged our staff in a biodiversity campaign as part of World
Environment Day.
Lloyd’s energy and carbon disclosures for reporting year 1 January – 31 December 2020
Grand Grand Carbon
Total total total intensity
Total Total scope scope scope location
scope 2 scope 2 1 + 2 1, 2, 3 1, 2, 3 based Total energy
Total (location (market (location Total (location (market (tCO2e/ usage
scope 1 based) based) based) scope 3 based) based) FTE) (kWh)
2020 UK emissions 1,300 3,493 – 4,792 841 5,633 2,141 6.6 22,847,153
(tCO2e)
Global emissions 11 409 432 420 50 470 493 1.9 932,695
(ex. UK)
2019 UK emissions 1,312 4,578 – 5,890 1,739 7,629 3,051 8.4 26,248,211
(tCO2e)
Global emissions – 642 670 642 92 734 762 3.0 1,511,863
(ex. UK)
We are aware of the reporting obligations under The Companies (Directors’ Report) and Limited Liability Partnerships (Energy and Carbon Report) Regulations 2018. We have also for the
second year measured and published our upgraded energy and carbon reporting to comply with the Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting guidance March 2019. We report on all
material global emissions in scope 1 and 2, plus selected scope 3 emissions, using an operational control approach. The methodology used to compile our Greenhouse Gas (GHG)
emissions inventory is in accordance with the requirements of the following standards: the WRI GHG Protocol Corporate Standard (revised version) and Defra’s Environmental Reporting
Guidelines: including Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting requirements (March 2019). 2020 performance refers to reported location-based totals, which are the summation of the
UK emissions and Global emissions (ex UK) displayed. Scope 1 emissions includes natural gas, company cars, other fuels, refrigerants; Scope 2 includes electricity; Scope 3 includes
employee cars, flights, public transport, commute, paper, waste, water, data centres, and transmission and distribution. Energy reporting includes kWh from scope 1, scope 2 and scope 3
employee cars only. This work is partially based on the country-specific CO2 emission factors developed by the International Energy Agency, © OECD/IEA 2020 but the resulting work has
been prepared by Lloyd’s and does not necessarily reflect the views of the International Energy Agency. A more detailed statement on Lloyd’s GHG emissions is available at:
lloyds.com/ghgemissions
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 21

Key Performance Indicators
The Council uses a number of metrics, financial and non-financial, to measure the performance of the Lloyd’s market as indicators of
sustainability and progress against our strategy. Some of these measures are used on a recurring basis while some are specific to activities
undertaken in that year. This year we have introduced a new Key Performance Indicator (KPI) to support our purpose strategic pillar.
Performance
Achievement in 2020
The Lloyd’s market reported a pre-tax loss of £887m in 2020 (2019: a profit of £2,532m) and a combined ratio of 110.3% (2019: 102.1%). We
made good progress and improved underlying performance in both our combined ratio and expense ratio. Despite the significant insured
losses booked due to the COVID-19 pandemic, our capital position has strengthened since 31 December 2019. During the second quarter
of 2020 Lloyd’s members injected additional capital to ensure the estimated losses arising from the COVID-19 pandemic were adequately
covered.
Result before tax 2020: (£0.9bn)
Includes an aggregation of syndicate results, the result of the Society and notional
investment return on members’ funds at Lloyd’s. 2019: £2.5bn
2018: (£1.0bn)
Combined ratio1 2020: 110.3%
Combined ratio is a measure of the profitability of an insurer’s underwriting activity. It
is the ratio of net operating expenses plus claims incurred net of reinsurance to 2019: 102.1%
earned premiums net of reinsurance. 2018: 104.5%
Expense ratio1 2020: 37.2%
The ratio of net operating expenses to earned premiums net of reinsurance. Reducing
the cost of doing business at Lloyd’s is one of our strategic aims. 2019: 38.7%
2018: 39.2%
Return on capital1 2020: (2.8%)
The ratio is used to measure the overall profitability and value creating potential of the
Lloyd’s market. 2019: 8.8%
2018: (3.7%)
Solvency coverage ratio (MWSCR and CSCR)1, 2 MWSCR CSCR
Under the Solvency II regime Lloyd’s monitors the amount of eligible assets available 2020: 147% 2020: 209%
to cover its market-wide SCR (MWSCR) and central SCR (CSCR). These amounts are
expressed as a percentage of the requirements. 2019: 156% 2019: 238%
2018: 149% 2018: 249%
1. The combined ratio, the expense ratio, the return on capital and Solvency coverage ratio are metrics that are consistently used to analyse financial performance in the Lloyd's market
results and/or in the Society Report. These metrics (wherever used in this Annual Report) are Alternative Performance Measures (APMs), with further information available on page 184.
2. Please see note 4 of the market results on pages 56 to 60 for further details regarding Lloyd’s solvency position.
Digitalisation
Achievement in 2020
Based on feedback from the market and in light of the economic and operational challenges posed by COVID-19, we sharpened our focus
for Future at Lloyd’s during 2020, significantly scaling back our activities to focus on key market delivery priorities. We prioritised three
areas that would deliver the most impact and value to market participants. this included: improving electronic placement, enhancing
Delegated Authority services and claims process improvements. We also made progress building out the data and technology requirements
needed to support these focus areas. In November 2020, we published Blueprint Two, setting out the delivery plan for the next phase of
our strategy
Future at Lloyd’s 2021: Delivery of year one Blueprint Two solutions
Execution and market adoption of Future at Lloyd’s deliverables. — First release of the data and placement standards
— Launch of next generation placement platform
— Release of initial placement support services
— Roll-out of delegated authority solutions
— First release of the Digital Spine and the Digital Gateway
— First release of the Data Store and supporting governance
— Test new claims solution for open market claims and deliver
delegated authority claims process improvements
22 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Culture
Achievement in 2020
In 2019, we launched a comprehensive programme of actions to drive long-term culture change in the Lloyd’s market. These included
forming the Lloyd’s Culture Advisory Group and launching a Speaking Up campaign, as well as setting business conduct standards that we
expect everyone who works in Lloyd’s market to adhere to. During 2020, we fulfilled all of our 2019 commitments and achieved gender
parity for leadership positions in the Society.
Deliver on our plan to improve the culture of the Lloyd’s market 2021: Build on culture improvements in the Society and across the
Build on the existing inclusion activity and oversight market
responsibilities, introduce a robust action plan addressing the key — Develop high-performance leadership in the Society
themes from the Lloyd’s culture survey and measure and monitor
— Progress against market gender targets
progress through clear and robust metrics.
— Implement ethnicity target for the market
— Increase market adoption of Lloyd’s Culture Toolkit
Purpose
Achievement in 2020
In 2020, we established a reputation and satisfaction pulse study as a regular check of Lloyd’s brand health and stakeholder experience.
This reported a net promoter score of +8 and a satisfaction score of +6.5 out of 10. Having benchmarked our performance against
stakeholders’ expectations in 2020, we will continue to monitor these measures in 2021. In 2020, we set a target for the Society to be net
zero carbon emissions by 2025 and we will work with the Lloyd’s market to support their own pathways to achieving net zero. In 2020, we
continued to reduce our emissions on a total global basis.
Deliver our purpose through all our business activities 2021: Establish Purpose as our fourth strategic pillar
Enhanced focus on sustainability, innovation, and our global brand — Promote the global insurance industry’s role in supporting
and reputation to ensure Lloyd’s continually delivers on our customers’ decarbonisation pathway, in the lead up to COP26
purpose, sharing risk to create a braver world. — Delivery of the 2021 commitments as outlined in our ESG strategy
— Continue to enhance our innovation capabilities, through the launch
of Futureset
— Enhance Lloyd’s global brand and reputation through our
collaboration with governments, banks and communities around
the world
— Improvement against net promoter score and satisfaction
benchmarks
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 23

Risk Management
Our risk framework
The Lloyd’s Risk Management Framework ensures that the identification, assessment, monitoring and management of all material risks
affecting the Society takes place on an ongoing basis.
Risk appetite
The Council manages exposure to these risks by setting and monitoring a risk appetite framework – how much risk is acceptable and what
actions should be taken when appetites are exceeded.
The framework starts with Lloyd’s purpose: Sharing risk to create a braver world. To deliver on this purpose, the Society sets three risk
objectives to be continuously met: a sustainability objective, a solvency objective and an operational objective. These risk objectives reflect
the Council’s view of the acceptable risk faced by Lloyd’s and provides the three pillars of the risk appetite framework.
Within each pillar, there are a number of risk categories with metrics that define the amount of risk that the Council is willing to take. These
metrics represent the key elements that could result in the risk objectives not being achieved for the pillar. The metrics are monitored on an
ongoing basis and reported to the Council each quarter alongside any get to green actions if a threshold has been breached.
Risk and control self-assessments
Alongside the risk appetite framework, Lloyd’s adopts a consistent approach in managing its risks through a process known as the risk and
control self-assessment process, which is conducted on a biannual basis. This process reassesses the existing risks and identifies any new
risks. It evaluates the performance of key controls and also seeks to monitor the action plans in place to help manage risks. The process
also enables Lloyd’s to undertake a more forward-looking assessment of risk.
Own Risk and Solvency Assessment (ORSA)
The ORSA process is a key element of the risk management framework of Lloyd’s and is performed at least annually. It incorporates a
series of processes which ensure an appropriate level and quality of capital is maintained to support the risks taken within Lloyd’s on a
current and future basis in light of the Lloyd’s strategy set by the Council. The key focus of the ORSA is to continually assess Lloyd’s own
view of the risks faced and associated economic capital needs to meet its strategic goals. The ORSA draws on existing ongoing oversight
activities used to manage market and Society risks (including risk appetites, the risk and control assessment process, business plan and
capital approval).
Framework enhancements
Lloyd’s continued to strengthen its risk framework during 2020. Recent investment in resource and technical expertise is enabling our
second line oversight functions to be more proactive, performing deep dives into areas of heightened risk and forming an independent view.
We have made enhancements to several of our risk processes and tools, including:
— Risk and control assessment process: an improved process designed to drive accountability and reduce incidents;
— Technology: the implementation of a new Governance, Risk and Compliance system;
— Financial crime: an enhancement to Lloyd’s assessment of its exposure to financial crime;
— Reserving: end to end validation of the Reserving team’s projection of reserves and technical provisions by the second line Risk function; and
— Further embedding the Risk function’s role in business plan and capital setting: providing independent analysis to test the effectiveness
of the process and ensure delivery of outcomes aligned with risk appetite.
24 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
These improvements are expected to continue into 2021. Progress is already being made on the following areas:
— Market oversight: a continued shift to a more risk-based and differentiated approach to supervision of the market. An Oversight Design
Authority (ODA), chaired by the Head of Risk Management, has been constituted to oversee the redesign of the market oversight
operating model and monitor its effectiveness;
— Market oversight: development of a simpler and principles-based approach to minimum standards;
— Operational resilience: the implementation and maintenance of the operational resilience framework;
— Cyber resilience: roll out of the Cyber Improvement Programme within the Society and enhancement to the Lloyd’s Minimum Standards
to further strengthen cyber resilience across the market;
— Liquidity: improvements to the liquidity management framework to ensure Lloyd’s meets enhanced regulatory requirements;
— Risk culture: ensuring that an overarching culture of risk awareness and accountability continues to be embedded across the business
globally; and
— Climate risk: ensuring that the financial risks from climate change are understood and being monitored within the risk framework.
These enhancements leave the Society well prepared to manage the risks from COVID-19 or any other risk events in the near future.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 25

Risk Management
continued
Key risk areas
The impact of COVID-19 has been unprecedented. As a risk event, it has caused global economic uncertainty and social restrictions that
continue into 2021. While recent progress in the development and roll out of vaccines provides hope for transition and recovery, the
ongoing risks are not being underestimated and 2021 may be even more challenging as the economic and social impacts continue.
Although it has dominated the headlines, COVID-19 is not the only risk to Lloyd’s. There has been significant focus during 2020 on ensuring
that progress is made on Lloyd’s strategic priorities (Performance, Digitalisation, Culture and Purpose), noting that each present both an
opportunity and a risk to our objectives.
Risk Mitigation
COVID-19
The Society and the market responded well to the While the pandemic’s impact on all areas of the risk profile continues to be monitored
immediate impacts of COVID-19. During the ‘first through the risk appetite framework and Lloyd’s remains within all risk appetites,
wave’ of the pandemic in April 2020, an out-of- there is considerable uncertainty over what the eventual outcomes from COVID-19
cycle (or ‘ad-hoc’) own risk and solvency may be. A number of steps have been taken, and continue to be taken, to actively
assessment (ORSA) was carried out to ensure that monitor and manage the key areas of uncertainty, including:
risks from COVID-19 were adequately considered
— Careful scrutiny of syndicate capital plans to ensure appropriate allowance for the
and decisions were taken to manage the impact.
risk environment;
This included the development of a COVID-19 risk
dashboard for ongoing monitoring of key risk — Engaging with syndicates whose reserves are most likely to be impacted by direct
impacts such as on underwriting profitability, and indirect impacts of COVID-19 and with the highest exposure to key lines of
investments and capital, as well as operational business;
impacts including increased cyber and conduct — Discussions with the market to drive consistency and clarity in how they are
risks. allowing for potential recessionary impacts;
While noting that COVID-19 has been the first truly — Additional data collection from the market to allow 2021 business plans to be
global loss event experienced by the market, with reassessed in light of full year 2020 results, alongside further top-down scenario
impacts across the risk profile and both sides of testing to stress the 2021 business plan;
the balance sheet, there was a positive response — Assessing a range of COVID-19 stress scenarios in order to test the financial
to immediate impacts of the crisis – core activities resilience of the market; and
continue to operate effectively as business
— Further consideration of the arrangements to transition back to a new normal
continuity plans were successfully implemented
working environment through 2021, including people, infrastructure and technology
across both the Society and the market. Thanks to
aspects.
steps taken at the beginning of the crisis, which
included a controlled de-risking of the Central
Fund portfolio and establishment of an accelerated
coming into line process for the market, Lloyd’s
has also remained well capitalised.
Performance
Market performance will remain a key risk area in Following completion of the pilot in 2021, our Best Practice Pricing Framework will be
2021. The benefits of the remediation action taken rolled-out to the market to address the gap in price adequacy and promote best
over recent years has begun to more substantially practice in pricing and portfolio management.
materialise; improvements in underlying
The Risk function continues to critically challenge oversight, including business plan
performance in Lloyd’s interim results led to
and capital approval, to ensure decisions are in line with the Council’s risk appetite.
successful removal of negative watch from Fitch.
This includes more proactively monitoring the extent to which the market is delivering
The rating momentum has continued over 2020
to plan and ensuring that the business is taking appropriate action to drive
and is expected to continue into 2021. While rate
remediation where required.
improvements are welcome, ensuring rate
adequacy is critical to market performance. Not Looking forward, the Society is rethinking its market oversight operating model,
least because of the impact COVID-19 and the ensuring alignment with its future ambitions and benefiting its members and the
ensuring economic uncertainty will have on market as a whole by making it easier and more cost-effective to operate in the
performance for the current and prior years of market. A review of the existing oversight model was undertaken in 2020, with phase
account. one recommendations already implemented.
26 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Risk Mitigation
Digitalisation
The publication of Blueprint Two in November Risk management has worked closely with a number of senior stakeholders to identify
2020 follows on the foundations set by Blueprint key execution, transition and end-state risks which could potentially impact the
One and provides a more tangible, detailed and programme. Risks are regularly reviewed at all levels of governance, with an
targeted view of the programme’s priorities over appropriate degree of independent challenge from the Risk Management function.
the next two years. The scope and detail of our Delivering Blueprint Two represents a complex challenge, with many streams of work
second Blueprint allowed for a significantly more and cross-functional dependencies; high-quality risk management will therefore be an
focused assessment of the risks and challenges. essential prerequisite to a successful delivery.
While implementing the Future at Lloyd’s will
mitigate strategic threats and improve the overall
risk profile, the execution risk of delivering the
programme remains inherently a key area of focus.
Culture
Creating an inclusive culture is a strategic From the outset, a risk assessment, facilitated by the Risk function and presented to
imperative for the Lloyd’s market. Failing to do so the Risk Committee in February 2020, identified three areas of risk: execution,
will stifle the innovation we need and prevent behaviour and data.
Lloyd’s from attracting the most talented people in
Across each of these risk areas, a number of current and additional controls were
the world.
identified (for example, this included activity such as developing the annual market-
Alongside progress towards a more inclusive wide culture survey and the introduction of the Culture Advisory Group). Where
environment, it is critical that an overarching refinement or additional development of controls was required, this was incorporated
culture of risk awareness and accountability into project delivery.
continues to be embedded across the business
The risk assessment reflected the fact that many controls and activities are driving
globally. This will lead to increased clarity of
culture change which will take some time and requires continuous, long-term focus.
ownership and accountability for monitoring,
managing and reporting risks. The results of our most recent culture survey showed a number of key improvements,
with women in particular having a better experience than in the previous year’s
The Society made significant progress during
survey. There is still a long way to go; 2020 brought recognition to the inequality that
2020, with the launch of the Lloyd’s Culture
Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic groups have experienced over many years. Our
Dashboard, the publication of the Culture Toolkit
culture survey results have highlighted the urgency with which change is required for
and setting gender targets for senior leadership
to improve opportunities and experiences Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic colleagues
roles for the first time. This is all being done with
at Lloyd’s, and we are in the process of setting ethnicity targets to accelerate that
guidance and leadership from the independent
change.
Culture Advisory Group, set up in 2020 and
chaired by a Non-Executive Director, to ensure
Lloyd’s is taking the right actions to effect
sustainable and measurable progress
Purpose
A fourth priority area on Purpose has been Lloyd’s published its first ESG Report in December 2020, containing a number of
established for 2021 and Lloyd’s will ensure that ambition statements for how the Society and the market will contribute to a
the risks to making progress in this area are a sustainable future. Lloyd’s is working closely with the market to develop further
focus within the risk framework. As the Council guidance to support the commitments in the report.
sets out its ambitions for the future, whether it be
These initiatives are expected to protect and improve the strength of the Lloyd’s
around climate change or diversity targets, risks to
brand, and the Risk Committee is now able to monitor this via a Net Promoter Score
the delivery of those ambitions will be monitored
metric that has been incorporated into the risk appetite framework.
and managed.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 27

Council Statement
Statement by the members of the Council in In September 2019, we set our vision for the Future at Lloyd’s – our
relation to paragraph 3.2 of the Constitutional strategy to digitalise the Lloyd’s market – in Blueprint One. Despite
the challenges that COVID-19 has presented, the Future at Lloyd’s
Arrangements Byelaw, equivalent to s.172(1) of
has made significant progress over 2020, culminating in the
the Companies Act 2006 (the Act)
publication of Blueprint Two, which outlines the details and our plan
While not subject to the Act, the Council seeks to comply with best to deliver the second phase of the Future at Lloyd’s. This work will
practice with regard to Lloyd’s Annual Report. Accordingly, the be funded by the debt we raised in early 2020.
Council has elected to include a statement in this Strategic Report
describing how the Council has had regard to the matters set out in Blueprint Two helps our market participants, people and suppliers
understand what needs to be done over the next two years in terms
paragraph 3.2 of the Constitutional Arrangements Byelaw, which is
of change management to ensure they realise the full benefits of
the Lloyd’s counterpart of section 172(1) of the Act.
the next phase of Future at Lloyd’s developments. Its success will
The Council has a duty to act in the interests of the Society’s be dependent on the input, feedback and continuing support of
members. All decisions have been taken in the clear and certain these stakeholders. We are therefore working with them closely to
knowledge that the Council must take material action to ensure the ensure we are building the right solutions in the first place and
long-term interests of the Society’s members are protected. Our sharing our progress on a regular basis. The Future at Lloyd’s now
governance is therefore designed to ensure that we take into has 18 market engagement groups representing the view of more
account the views of members and broader stakeholders. In than 400 market participants and has established a research pool
November 2019, to enable more efficient and swifter decision- to help develop our new solutions through short, sharp, focused
making, we announced our decision to merge the Council and the research sessions.
Franchise Board (the ‘Board’) effective from 1 June 2020, following
The Council is confident that the solutions that are being delivered
consultation with, and widespread support from, members of the
in 2021 and 2022 will provide a more attractive future for market
Society and the market. The Council’s external and working
members are elected by the market, meaning six of the 15 members firms and employees, enable new investment opportunities for
members and provide customers and wider society with a greater
of the new Council directly represent the views of members.
choice of insurance products and services that meet their risk
In addition to members, Lloyd’s key stakeholders are our people, needs. Further details on the Future at Lloyd’s can be found on
customers, managing agents, brokers, suppliers, global pages 15 and 16.
governments and regulators, and the communities in which we
operate. The products and services available from the Lloyd’s Building the most advanced insurance marketplace in the world will
market support the world’s economic growth, and help nations, require new skills and ways of working to be successful, and the
employees working in the Lloyd’s market and Society are its most
businesses and communities improve their resilience to, and
recover faster from, disasters. Lloyd’s purpose and strategy important asset. It is therefore vital that they are able to operate in a
therefore supports broader society by helping customers protect safe, secure and inclusive environment that attracts the best talent
themselves from the emerging risks facing the world, including from and allows it to develop and contribute.
technological and environmental change. Last year, we announced an action plan developed in collaboration
with the managing agent and broker associations, the Lloyd’s
Throughout 2020, the Council focused on four areas that will have a
Market Association (LMA) and the London and International
long-term impact on the Lloyd’s market and linked with our 2020
Brokers’ Association (LIIBA), to ensure a safe and inclusive working
priorities. These were:
environment in the marketplace. We are pleased to say that in 2020
1. Continuing our activity to deliver first-class underwriting; we delivered on the commitments that we made and continued to
2. Delivering our strategy for digitalisation through the Future at respond to feedback from our people, including setting gender
Lloyd’s; targets, launching a Culture Dashboard to provide transparency and
3. Continuing to enhance the market’s culture, ESG and sustainable an honest marker of our collective progress and enhancing the
business model; and Society’s family care policies. These form the foundation of our
4. Managing Lloyd’s response to COVID-19. ongoing initiatives and commitment to build a more inclusive
environment. Further details on the actions taken can be found on
The Council aspires to world-class underwriting performance and pages 16 and 17. The Council continues to advocate for our desired
strong performance management, and will maintain the highest culture. Throughout 2020, culture has been a standing agenda item
standards to protect customers and the market’s reputation. During at Council meetings and in October we introduced a Council
2020, we continued to take action through our robust oversight Diversity Policy setting out Lloyd’s approach to achieving a diverse
regime to improve underwriting performance. Further details of our and inclusive governance body. Elected Council members are also
oversight approach are set out on page 15. It is gratifying to see that personally subject to the culture initiatives as they are themselves
these efforts continue to improve the market’s underlying working members of the Lloyd’s market.
performance, and this work is continuing through 2021, which will be
in the long-term interest of our members.
28 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
For 2021, the Council has introduced a fourth strategic pillar, aimed However, the pandemic has exposed the limitations of existing
at embedding Lloyd’s purpose across the Society and market’s insurance solutions for systemic risks of this scale and dented the
activities. This refinement to Lloyd’s strategy was the product of an reputation of the insurance industry as a whole. In response, the
outward engagement programme conducted by the Chairman and Council launched a series of initiatives to help our customers and
Chief Executive from September to December 2020. The aim of wider society to recover from the devastating impacts of COVID-19,
this engagement was to understand stakeholders’ perspectives on and to help the insurance industry adapt to unparalleled new
changes to market conditions as a result of COVID-19, as well as challenges brought about by the pandemic. As a marketplace which
Lloyd’s progress against our strategic pillars. brings together many different stakeholders, Lloyd’s is uniquely
placed to convene the industry and lead the global dialogue to help
Lloyd’s purpose and leadership has been highlighted through our
rebuild trust around the insurance industry’s response. Lloyd’s
response to COVID-19. Lloyd’s has focused first on helping our
consulted extensively with customers and its Global and London
customers cope with the immediate aftermath of the crisis by
Advisory Committees, which include a number of the world’s largest
paying claims, donating funds, and offering flexible terms and
insurers and brokers, and engaged governments, regulators,
conditions. We focused on helping charities respond to the
industry bodies in 25 countries to develop and leverage these
immediate and long-term needs of communities dealing with the
initiatives around the world. Lloyd’s also engaged with industry and
impacts of COVID-19 by committing £15m to charitable
customer bodies to develop a series of recommendations for the
organisations and funds.
industry to simplify insurance product design and delivery, for the
benefit of its customers, which will be implemented at Lloyd’s during
2021.
Council decisions and their impact on stakeholders
We place great importance on considering the needs of all our stakeholders in our decision making. The following table sets out a number
of decisions taken by the Council during 2020 and how the views of our stakeholders were taken into account.
Decision How we took stakeholders into account Long-term implications
Future culture at The Council established an independent Culture Advisory Group (CAG) Transforming Lloyd’s culture is a
Lloyd’s as part of a comprehensive action plan to drive long-term culture change strategic imperative for the future
in the Lloyd’s market. Chaired by Fiona Luck, Lloyd’s Council member success of our marketplace – one which
and Non-Executive Director responsible for talent and culture, the group is powered by the intellect of its people,
will provide guidance and thought leadership to support the programme who together create our shared culture
of actions to address the four key themes that emerged from Lloyd’s and future.
2019 culture survey findings namely: gender balance, speaking up,
The action plan supported by the CAG
wellbeing and leadership. The Group subsequently added an additional
is aimed at making the most of the
area of focus: improving the experience and representation of Black,
world-renowned talent we have in the
Asian and Minority Ethnic talent in the market.
market and also bringing in new, world-
The CAG membership includes leading experts with experience of leading talent and skills.
successful culture transformation and market representatives including
the Chief Executive Officers (CEOs) of the LMA, LIIBA, the London
Market Group (LMG), the International Underwriting Association (IUA),
and the Chair of Inclusion@Lloyd’s. The Group’s inaugural meeting took
place in January 2020, with meetings held on a quarterly basis.
The CAG commissioned a second market-wide culture survey, which ran
during November 2020, to help understand the working cultures that
exist across the Lloyd’s market, including standards of behaviour and
conduct, and to inform further action.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 29

Council Statement
continued
Decision How we took stakeholders into account Long-term implications
The Future at The Council has established a Technology & Transformation Committee The Future at Lloyd’s solutions will offer
Lloyd’s (TTC), chaired by Andy Haste, Council member and Senior Independent market participants the opportunity to
Deputy Chairman, and overseen by Lloyd’s Council, to ensure the innovate in the way they serve their
necessary in-depth oversight of the Future at Lloyd’s programme. customers, and operate more
efficiently, at a lower cost base – better,
Success in delivering Blueprint Two will only be possible if our market’s
faster, cheaper.
managing agents, brokers and coverholders continue to work
collaboratively with Lloyd’s and influence the development of solutions Collaboration with market participants,
over time. The TTC has therefore established for each area within the using an iterative test and learn
Future at Lloyd’s: approach to the development process
will ensure that new services and
— An advisory group: consisting of senior market representatives and
transition plans to be developed can
Lloyd’s collaborating on the direction and priorities of activities and
progress in the optimal way for market
managing the plans and budgets;
participants.
— Working groups: consisting of market practitioners who understand
the current technology, process and issues to help shape the design By considering future adoption at every
and implementation of future technology and ways of working; and stage of the process, we can make the
right decisions based around the cost
— Research panels: consisting of senior and practitioner level market
and long-term benefit for our
individuals providing insight and direction.
stakeholders.
In addition, in order to promote engagement with the market the TTC has
established a COO Advisory Board made up of managing agent and
broker Chief Operating Officers, and the CEOs of the LMA, LIIBA and
the IUA. The Future at Lloyd’s will also continue to engage with market
firms on a one-to-one basis, to help firms understand the specific
impacts on them and what they can do to prepare for change.
Enhancing our In 2020, the Council has overseen a series of initiatives improve the ease The provision of new digital portals will
proposition for and transparency of managing capital at Lloyd’s, including: remove manual intervention, improve
members and service and reduce costs, making
— Development of a new digital portal for members, agents and
capital providers investing at Lloyd’s more attractive.
investment managers: early sight of the portals was given to members’
agents and large corporate members in late Spring prior to the design Members will be able to use Lloyd’s new
being approved. A pre-letter went to all members and the market in the ISPV to manage their capital
summer with a video showing the screens and functionality. Further requirements by attracting new classes
correspondence with members and a video to launch the new service of investors such as pension funds,
were also provided at end of October. A number of demonstrations of whilst benefiting from reduced set-up
the portal were given to members’ agents and Direct Corporate times and lower transactional costs.
members during the summer of 2020.
The dynamic consultation process we
— Simplifying the rules around managing Funds at Lloyd’s: A pre- have followed in developing these
consultation was held with members’ agents and the LMA to take initial elements of our proposition mean that
feedback prior to the launch of a formal consultation on the proposals. the final proposals are agreeable to the
The proposed formal consultation period was also lengthened as a vast majority of members as well as to
result of these discussions. The formal consultation, which concluded their long-term benefit.
in January 2021, was a dynamic process with members and their
representatives, with changes suggested and adopted throughout to
take into account feedback on issues which would otherwise have
arisen for our members. This communication strategy will be adopted
for the rest of the roll-out of new functionalities and services.
— The launch of Lloyd’s multi Insurance Special Purpose Vehicle (ISPV):
A series of interviews was undertaken with investors, managing
agents, members’ agents, brokers and investment houses, as well as
the LMA and Association of Lloyd’s Members (ALM), before Lloyd’s
pre-application discussions with the PRA and FCA. Based on the
feedback received through stakeholder engagement, standardised
documentation and processes have been developed, designed to
make the process quicker, more tax transparent and to streamline the
approach to regulatory approval for investors. Throughout 2020, we
continued to keep key stakeholders updated through direct
engagement and this is a process that has been repeated following
the announcement of the approval.
30 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Decision How we took stakeholders into account Long-term implications
ESG strategy Following feedback from, and in consultation with, our market, Lloyd’s Lloyd’s ESG strategy is aimed at
has committed to phasing out insurance coverage for thermal coal-fired ensuring everything we do is rooted in
power plants and, thermal coal mines, oil sands and new Arctic energy supporting better long-term outcomes
exploration activities from 1 January 2022, as well as the cessation of for all of our stakeholders; from the
renewals for these types of businesses from 2030 onwards. types of risks underwritten by the
market and where we invest our capital
The announcement of these targets follows feedback from and in-depth
through to how we care for the
discussion with our stakeholders including the LMA, the IUA, LIIBA, and
wellbeing of our employees and
the Chartered Insurance Institute (CII). Throughout the process of
contribute to the communities and
devising our ESG strategy, we have regularly met with senior
countries in which we operate.
stakeholders, the insurance associations.
The 2030 deadline is to support
To reflect the priority of this work, the Council have set up a new ESG
policyholders as they make the phased
Advisory Group, led by the Chairman of Lloyd’s and reporting into the
transition away from these energy
Council. It is made up of representatives from our market and external
sources. We believe these deadlines
specialists. Together they provide expert advice and practical guidance,
reflect our commitment to phasing out
as well as ensuring that we achieve our targets.
insurance provision for unsustainable
energy risks over the coming years.
We will engage widely with
stakeholders across the Lloyd’s market
in 2021 and beyond to further develop
and operationalise our ESG strategy,
policies and processes, including
responsible underwriting and
investment.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 31

Market Results
32 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Contents
2020 Highlights 34
Statement of Council’s Responsibilities 45
Report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to the
Council on the 2020 Pro Forma Financial Statements 46
Pro Forma Profit and Loss Account 47
Pro Forma Statement of Comprehensive Income 48
Pro Forma Balance Sheet 49
Pro Forma Statement of Cash Flows 50
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements 51
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 33

2020 Highlights
Financial highlights
Lloyd’s reported Combined ratio Gross written Capital, reserves and
a loss of £887m of 110.3% premium subordinated loan
(2019: a profit of £2,532m) (2019: 102.1%) of £35,466m notes stand at £33,941m
(2019: £35,905m) (2019: £30,638m)
Gross written premium Result before tax
(£m) (£m)
2016 29,862 2016 2,107
2017 33,591 2017 (2,001)
2018 35,527 2018 (1,001)
2019 35,905 2019 2,532
2020 35,466 2020 (887)
Capital, reserves and Central assets
subordinated loan notes (£m) (£m)
2016 28,597 2016 2,879
2017 27,560 2017 2,981
2018 28,222 2018 3,211
2019 30,638 2019 3,285
2020 33,941 2020 3,308
Return on capital* Combined ratio*
(%) (%)
2016 8.1 2016 97.9
2017 (7.3) 2017 114.0
2018 (3.7) 2018 104.5
2019 8.8 2019 102.1
2020 (2.8) 2020 110.3
The Pro Forma Financial Statements (PFFS) are prepared so that the financial results of Lloyd’s and its members taken together and their net assets can
be compared as closely as possible with general insurance companies. The PFFS include the aggregate of syndicate annual accounts (Aggregate
Accounts), members’ funds at Lloyd’s (FAL) and the Society of Lloyd’s financial statements. Further information concerning the basis of preparation of the
PFFS is set out on pages 51 and 52.
* The combined ratio, the expense ratio, the return on capital and Solvency coverage ratio are metrics that are consistently used to analyse financial
performance in the Lloyd’s market results and/or in the Society Report. These metrics (wherever used in this Annual Report) are Alternative
Performance Measures (APMs), with further information available on page 184.
34 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Market results Investment review
The Lloyd’s market reported an overall loss of £887m in 2020 The market’s investments generated income of £2,268m (2019:
(2019: profit of £2,532m). The result is comprised of net investment £3,537m), equivalent to a return of 2.9% on invested assets (2019:
income of £2,268m and underwriting losses of £2,676m, which has 4.8%).
been driven by £3,433m of claims arising from the COVID-19
2020 was an overall positive year for investments despite the
pandemic. The reported combined ratio is 110.3%, however, losses incurred in the first quarter. Most equity markets generated a
excluding losses from the COVID-19 pandemic the combined ratio
strong level of return for the calendar year, with large gains coming
is 97.0%, which is an improvement on 2019 – 102.1%.
over the last three quarters of the year. In fixed interest markets,
the aggressive easing of monetary policy drove a reduction in risk-
Underwriting result
free yields resulting in capital gains for government bonds.
While the Lloyd’s market has reported underwriting losses for 2020, Corporate bonds, along with risk markets, suffered large losses
the impact of COVID-19 overshadows the improvement in early in the year but ended 2020 with above average returns.
underlying performance.
The market’s investment income is comprised of returns on
Major claims have contributed 23.0% to the combined ratio (2019: syndicate premium trust funds and the Society’s investment
7.0%), with COVID-19 related claims accounting for a significant portfolio and a notional investment return on members’ Funds at
portion at 13.3%. The Lloyd’s market also continued its trend of Lloyd’s.
prior year releases, contributing positively to the combined ratio
Syndicate premium trust funds account for the majority of the
with a benefit of 1.8% (2019: 0.9%). There have been prior year
releases across all lines of business, except the casualty line, which market’s investment income. Overall, syndicate investments
reported strengthening. generated income of £1,231m, a return of 2.8% (2019: £1,667m,
4.0%). The return was driven by the strong performance on
Adjusting the combined ratio for the contributions from major corporate bonds and equity and growth assets. The notional
claims, the Lloyd’s market reported an underlying accident year investment return on members’ funds at Lloyd’s, derived from the
ratio of 87.3%; an improvement on the 95.1% for the 2019 financial investment disposition of members’ funds at Lloyd’s and the returns
year. The 2020 accident year ratio is now in line with the target for on relevant market indices, was £949m or 3.2% on the related
the Lloyd’s market. assets (2019: £1,657m, 5.9%). Government and corporate bonds
accounted for the majority of the return, with equities having a
The main contributor to the improvement in the underlying accident
year ratio is the reduction in the attritional loss ratio which stands lesser impact. The Society’s investment portfolio generated income
at 51.9%, representing a 5.4 percentage point reduction from the of £88m, a return of 2.2% (2019: £213m, 5.6%). The investment
performance of the Society’s investment portfolio is discussed on
ratio reported for 2019. The improvement in the attritional loss ratio
is the result of sustained risk adjusted rate increases on renewal page 114.
business and the market’s actions to drive sustainable profitable
Balance sheet strength
performance. There has also been an improvement in the market’s
expense ratio, which has reduced to 37.2% from 38.7% in 2019. The Lloyd’s market continues to be strongly capitalised with total
capital, reserves and subordinated loan notes of £33,941m at
The Lloyd’s market gross written premiums have decreased 1.2%
31 December 2020, an increase from the £30,638m reported at
when compared with 2019. While the Market has seen a period of
31 December 2019.
sustained risk adjusted rate increases on renewal business – which
stood at 10.8% for 2020 – volume reductions in the period of 12.0% The Lloyd’s market’s solvency ratios – the market-wide and the
have offset this benefit. Volume reductions reflect the continued central solvency ratios – continue to be above risk appetite and
focus on driving sustainable profitable performance which has regulatory requirements. The market-wide solvency ratio was 147%
resulted in several syndicates exiting or re-underwriting certain lines and the central solvency ratio was 209% at 31 December 2020.
of business and curbing risk appetites in poor performing lines. Risk These reflect increases in members’ assets, including their Funds at
adjusted rate increases on renewal business have been Lloyd’s – as members injected additional capital to cover their
experienced across all major lines and geographies. funding shortfalls and losses arising from COVID-19 – and increases
in the net assets of the Society of Lloyd’s, offset by increases in
capital requirements driven by responses to
COVID-19 across all key risk drivers.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 35

2020 Highlights
continued
2020 Performance Expense ratio*: total operating expenses have reduced both in
sterling amounts and as a percentage of net earned premium, to
Premium 37.2% (2019: 38.7%). Acquisition costs have accounted for the
majority of the decrease, reducing to 26.1% of net earned premium
Gross written premium for the year was £35,466m, compared with
from 27.5% in 2019; this is attributed to changes in business mix.
£35,905m in 2019.
Administrative expenses, while reporting a slight increase in sterling,
The overall price change (taking into account terms and conditions) has remained stable as a percentage of net earned premium. The
on renewal business was an increase of approximately 10.8%, which extended period of lockdown due to the ongoing COVID-19
was above planning assumptions for the year and better than 2019. pandemic has led to savings across a number of expense lines,
Positive price movements have been experienced for the past 13 however, these have been offset by a number of one-off items in
consecutive quarters and across the majority of lines of business. the year, including the costs of preparing offices for reoccupation.
Despite the pricing momentum, the market experienced volume
Major claims
reductions following some syndicates exiting certain lines of
business, or curbing risk appetites in poor performing lines of Major claims for the market were £5,967m in 2020 (2019: £1,806m),
business and portfolios heavily impacted by COVID-19. These net of reinsurance and including reinstatements payable and
volume reductions have led to an overall decrease in premium of receivable.
1.2%, compared with 2019. COVID-19 losses of £3,433m accounted for nearly 60% of the
US dollar denominated business continues to account for the major claims, with the remainder mostly attributed to losses from
majority of business written in the Lloyd’s market. However, a stable catastrophe events in 2020.
US$ to GBP average rate of exchange has led to minimal impact of
COVID-19 related losses have impacted a number of lines of
foreign exchange on the change in reported premiums. business across the market. The majority of the losses are
concentrated in four lines of business – contingency, property
Accident year ratio
(D&F), property treaty and political risk, credit & financial guarantee
The accident year ratio* has continued to improve, reducing to – and originate from the US, which accounts for approximately 44%
87.3% (2019: 95.1%). Within this there has been a significant of the estimate by geographical location. The COVID-19 loss
improvement in the attritional loss ratio, coupled with an estimate includes amounts which are directly attributable to
improvement in the expense ratio. Prior year movements have had a individual contracts as well as allowances for the impact of the
more beneficial impact on the results than in 2019. wider economic conditions which have been caused by the
pandemic. The incurred losses reported in 2020 are approximately
Attritional loss ratio: the attritional loss ratio continued to improve in
94% of the current estimates of the total expected losses to the
2020, reducing to 51.9% (2019: 57.3%). The sustained period of rate
Lloyd’s market from the pandemic.
increases on renewal business and continued focus on
strengthening underwriting discipline across the market have been Catastrophe losses accounted for the majority of £2,534m in other
the key drivers of this continued improvement. While lower claims major claims. 2020 saw an increase in the frequency of catastrophe
frequencies have been evident across certain lines as a result of the loss activity with the Lloyd’s market suffering insured losses from
COVID-19 pandemic, this has not had a material impact on the more than 40 events. The largest losses related to Hurricanes
business written in the Lloyd’s market. Laura, Sally, Zeta, Delta and Isaias; Iowa derecho; the tornadoes in
Tennessee; the explosion in the Port of Beirut; and the worldwide
Prior year development: this was the 16th consecutive year of prior
protests against racial injustice.
year releases. The current year result has seen greater benefit from
prior year releases at 1.8% of net earned premium (2019: 0.9%). % of net
There have been releases against all lines of business other than earned Accident year ratio
casualty, which saw a strengthening of £0.3bn. Major claims premium excl. prior year releases %
2016 9.1 2016 93.9
Within the net prior year release there has been some
strengthening against estimates for previous years’ catastrophe 2017 18.5 2017 98.4
events: Hurricane Irma, the 2019 Typhoons Hagibis and Faxai and 2018 11.6 2018 96.8
Typhoon Jebi.
2019 7.0 2019 96.0
In 2021, Lloyd’s will continue to monitor reserves closely and act 2020 23.0 2020 89.1
to ensure that adequate market discipline is being maintained
Five year average1 10.1 Five year average1 94.8
in current challenging market conditions. Particularly on the longer-
tailed lines, such as casualty, where there has been continued focus Ten year average1 10.5 Ten year average1 93.1
in recent years exacerbated by growing concerns over areas such
1. Weighted by net earned premium.
as social inflation.
* The accident year ratio and expense ratio are metrics that are consistently used to
analyse financial performance in the Lloyd's market results and/or in the Society Report.
These metrics (wherever used in this Annual Report) are Alternative Performance
Measures (APMs), with further information available on page 184.
36 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Contributors to combined ratio Reinsurance protection
2020 Combined ratio % The credit quality of the Lloyd’s market’s reinsurance protections
remains extremely high, with 98% of all recoveries and reinsurance
premium ceded being with reinsurers rated ‘A-’ and above or
supported by high-quality collateral assets.
Reinsurers’ share of claims outstanding remains a material
consideration for Lloyd’s, equivalent to 60.6% of gross written
premium or 70.1% of members’ assets (2019: 55.4% of gross written
premium or 72.7% of members' assets). There has been an increase
in the overall reinsurance recoverables due to the catastrophe and
COVID-19 losses experienced during 2020 and due to the
continued use of retrospective reinsurance protections. This
increase reflects the reinsurance risk transfer strategy of the
Lloyd’s market, the nature of loss events experienced during 2020
and risk mitigation actions being taken to assist in the management
of legacy exposures. No negative settlement trends have been
witnessed to date.
Lloyd’s outward reinsurance premium spend for both the 2020
2019 Combined ratio %
financial and underwriting year of account was 27.2% (2019: 28.5%)
of gross written premium, which reflects a relatively stable overall
position in regard to the scale of reinsurance purchased. This level
of reinsurance transfer remains within risk appetite.
Result for the closed year and run-off years of
account
Under Lloyd’s three-year accounting policy for final distribution
of each underwriting year of account, the 2018 underwriting year of
account reached closure at 31 December 2020. The 2018 pure
underwriting year suffered losses from a number of catastrophic
events, including Hurricanes Florence and Michael; California
wildfires and Typhoon Jebi.
The 2018 pure underwriting year of account reported an
underwriting loss that was partially offset by releases from 2017 and
Lloyd’s major losses: net ultimate claims (£m) prior years, which were reinsured to close at the end of 2019. These
releases amounted to £311m. Investment return on the 2018
underwriting year meant the total result was an overall loss of
£1,914m (2017 underwriting year loss: £2,414m).
At the beginning of 2020, there were three syndicates whose 2017
underwriting years remained open. These run-off years reported an
aggregate loss of £2m, including investment return, in 2020 (2019:
no run-off years). There were six syndicates whose 2018
underwriting years remained open post 31 December 2020 taking
the total number of open underwriting years at 1 January 2021 to
nine.
The results of the major lines of business are discussed in detail
on pages 38 to 44.
Five year average: £2,514m; 15 year average: £2,142m. Indexed for inflation to 2020. Claims
in foreign currency translated at the exchange rates prevailing at the date of loss.
% of net Number
Prior year reserve earned Years of account of
movement premium in run-off years
2016 (5.1) 2016 6
2017 (2.9) 2017 5
2018 (3.9) 2018 0
2019 (0.9) 2019 3
2020 (1.8) 2020 9
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 37

2020 Highlights
continued
Line of business: Reinsurance – Casualty
The largest sectors of the casualty treaty market at Lloyd’s are non-
Reinsurance – Property marine liability excess of loss and US Workers’ Compensation.
Property catastrophe excess of loss represents the largest sector 2020 performance
in this line. Other key sectors are property facultative, property risk
Lloyd’s gross written premium for 2020 was £3,321m (2019:
excess, property pro rata and agriculture and hail.
£2,960m), an increase of 12.2%. The Lloyd’s reinsurance casualty
2020 performance line reported an accident year ratio of 113.0% (2019: 102.4%).
Lloyd’s gross written premium for 2020 was £6,627m (2019:
The casualty treaty market in 2020 saw an acceleration of the
£6,405m), an increase of 3.5%. Syndicates have shown greater trends of the previous year as the market experienced reducing
focus on client selection and aggregate deployment, given higher capacity, tightening policy coverage and significant price
frequency and severity of loss activity in recent years. The Lloyd’s
strengthening in distressed and high exposure accounts across
reinsurance property line reported an accident year ratio of 112.8% most lines of business. While US Workers’ Compensation remained
(2019: 106.5%). competitive, concerns are emerging over the COVID-19 impact and
2020 was a record-breaking year for natural disasters, with more in particular presumption laws being brought in some states of the
storms in the North Atlantic than ever before, as well as many other US.
catastrophic events occurring globally. While individually the insured
Motor excess of loss business continues to perform below
losses from 2020 natural disasters were less severe than some
expectations and the sought after relief from a winding back of the
experienced in prior years, reinsurers have still accrued meaningful Ogden rate to -0.25% in 2019, which was maintained in 2020 (from
losses. Additionally, COVID-19 losses are expected to impact this
the previous level of -0.75%), has not had as significant an impact
line of business, although there are several primary policy and
as hoped.
reinsurance treaty wording issues to be resolved.
Prior year movement
Prior year movement
The prior year movement was a release 2.3% (2019: strengthening
The prior year movement was a release of 2.8% (2019: 0.3%). of 1.7%). Despite 2020 being a year of relatively benign prior year
Releases are generally expected for more recent years as claims claims experience for casualty reinsurance business, emerging
estimates for losses become more certain. This occurs when
trends such as social inflation are driving increased uncertainty on
margin being held for potential catastrophes is not utilised and as this line. The US casualty treaty business has performed slightly
claims estimates for losses become more certain. Experience on better than expected, whereas non-US casualty has been in line
prior years has been favourable overall, partially offset by
with expectations. Personal accident excess of loss has also been
deteriorations on some historical catastrophe events. Hurricane
broadly in line with expectations.
Irma (2017), Typhoon Jebi (2018), Hurricane Michael (2018), Storm
Dorian (2019), Typhoon Faxai (2019) and Typhoon Hagibis (2019) Lloyd’s continues to monitor casualty lines to ensure adequate
have all been subject to deteriorations in ultimate losses during provisions remain over all prior years. There is an increased level of
2020. However, some syndicates have seen favourable movements oversight and the additional work being done by the market to
on these losses and the market has made releases for the 2017 monitor the robustness of reserves for this line. Given the high level
Californian wildfires. of margin held to cover the uncertain, long-term nature of the
underlying policies, we would generally expect some releases to
Looking ahead
come through on the older years.
Despite the numerous catastrophe losses in the past four years,
there remains a surplus of capacity in the reinsurance market. Initial Looking ahead
indications suggest that pricing levels at January 2021 were As we look ahead to 2021 Lloyd’s will be specifically and closely
generally below market expectations, but loss affected business monitoring social inflation to develop better market understanding
pricing was at or above expected levels. Pricing adequacy may of the trend to ensure adequate and robust pricing and reserving in
improve as 2021 progresses, with a large proportion of loss the market. A tranche of that work will explore how the trend might
affected business still to renew, but it seems unlikely that any develop in future years and whether social inflationary trends can
pricing changes related to COVID-19 will be fully incorporated for be anticipated.
some time in this sector. While new capacity coming to the market during 2020 has been
Cyber clauses and Communicable Disease clauses have been observed, the expectation is that positive pricing will continue and
widely adopted by the market during the second half of 2020, that the availability of capital for poorer or more exposed accounts
providing enhanced clarity. This trend is expected to continue into will remain constrained. Overall concerns with pricing maintaining
2021. parity with claims inflation will likely persist, and prudent risk
selection and terms setting will remain fundamental to profitability in
the coming year.
38 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Reinsurance – Specialty Property
Marine reinsurance is the largest sector of the Lloyd’s specialty The property line consists of a broad range of risks written
reinsurance business, followed by energy and aviation. worldwide. It is made up of predominantly excess and surplus lines
business with a weighting in favour of the industrial and commercial
2020 performance
sectors, binding authority business comprising non-standard
Gross written premium overall was £2,211m (2019: £2,053m), an
commercial and residential risks and specialist sectors, including
increase of 7.7%. Gross written premium by sector within this
terrorism, power (electricity) generation, engineering and nuclear
specialty business was: Marine, Aviation and Transport £1,506m
risks.
(2019: £1,414m), Energy £702m (2019: £633m), Life £3m (2019:
£6m). The Lloyd’s reinsurance specialty line reported an accident Business is written through the broker network with a significant
year ratio of 101.1% (2019: 108.6%). proportion using the framework of coverholders (or managing
general agencies) and other similar delegated authority
Despite general hardening of the marine market, the pricing
arrangements.
increase has been more modest in marine reinsurance. Anecdotal
evidence suggests that there is an expectation that larger increases 2020 performance
were attained during the end of year reinsurance renewal season. Lloyd’s gross written premium for 2020 was £9,227m (2019:
However, the capacity remained relatively unchanged, therefore, £9,586m), a decrease of 3.7%. The Lloyd’s property line reported an
price increases might be less than expected. accident year ratio of 135.4% (2019: 101.5%).
Prior year movement 2020 has been characterised by the impact of COVID-19 on
The prior year movement was a release of 6.0% (2019: release of business interruption covers. In addition, we have seen an
2.8%). The claims experience for this line has performed broadly in abnormally high frequency of natural weather catastrophe events.
line with expectations over 2020. This line is predominantly marine, Hurricanes Laura, Delta, Sally and Zeta particularly impacting the
aviation and motor business, written on an excess of loss basis. various lines. Beyond these, we have also seen significant severe
Given that claims experience is largely driven by isolated claim storm activity, hailstorms and US wildfire events to further challenge
events, prudent reserves tend to be held and released in years with overall performance.
less claims activity.
Additionally, social unrest observed within the USA during 2020 has
Marine reinsurance has seen mixed experience on prior years, with globally impacted some syndicates results more than others. This
favourable movements within this line of business for Hurricane has caused some underwriters to review their appetite and
Irma (2017), Hurricane Sandy (2011) and World Trade Centre (2001) approach to writing such perils going forward.
offset by deteriorations on Typhoon Jebi on the 2018 year and
Despite the high frequency of events, individual losses often meant
Storm Dorian on the 2019 year. Likewise, aviation has seen
reinsurance recoveries fell below expected levels. Such losses
increased large loss activity on more recent years over 2020 with
largely falling within syndicates’ own retentions and impacting
major losses arising from the grounding of the Boeing 737 MAX
overall performance.
fleet and within the space account, thereby impacting the
reinsurance market. Motor reinsurance has generally performed More positively, early signs suggest underwriting actions in tackling
favourably against expectations, although there have been attritional losses in recent years are starting to deliver material
increases in losses on the 2019 Storm Dorian event, impacting benefits. These improvements are expected to continue in 2021.
motor excess of loss lines.
Deal flow remained strong in 2020 despite the challenges brought
Looking ahead about by COVID-19 from an operational perspective.
There are signs of price strengthening in the sector in 2021,
Prior year movement
following a challenging 2020 result, which further compounded the
The prior year movement was a release of 3.5% (2019: release of
losses made in the catastrophe impacted 2018 and 2019 results.
1.7%). Recent years of account have seen elevated levels of
There may also be additional impetus following Lloyd’s performance
catastrophe losses worldwide, with most impact seen for the direct
improvement planning – the effects of which may fall beyond the
and facultative lines of business. As a result of COVID-19, business
lines immediately included in that review.
interruption cover losses have impacted prior years with 2020
Catastrophic incidents involving the Boeing 737 MAX, which led to calendar year exposure on property direct and facultative open
the worldwide grounding of the fleet, experienced a material market and binder business, in both US and non-US lines.
increase in reserve late in 2020 and that has further reinforced the
There has been further deterioration on prior year catastrophe
Aviation XL pricing environment for 2021.
events during 2020. In particular, Hurricane Irma (2017), Hurricane
Michael (2018) and Storm Dorian (2019) have been subject to
adverse movements, partially offset by favourable movements on
Californian Wildfire events in the 2017 year. In contrast to the
increased catastrophe losses, attritional and large loss experience
on property accounts have generally performed better than
expected. This is particularly evident on direct and facultative US
binder business and also, but to a lesser extent, on non-US binder
and open market business. Difference in conditions and power
generation lines are also performing favourably to expectations.
Terrorism business continues to be prudently reserved across the
market, with favourable experience on most prior years and
particularly on 2018 and 2019 underwriting years.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 39

2020 Highlights
continued
Looking ahead Prior year movement
Pricing levels for 2021 are expected to show further material The prior year movement was a strengthening of 5.1% (2019: a
movement and continue to build on actions taken during 2020 and strengthening of 1.9%).
prior by the market. Higher reinsurance costs in 2021 are also likely
During 2020, Lloyd’s have shared market level insights and views of
to further support continued momentum in pricing levels. Movement
casualty lines with the market. In response, syndicates appear to
in terms and conditions are also anticipated to be a feature of 2021,
have shifted their views in line with this by strengthening their
as underwriters continue to remediate poorer performing accounts
casualty reserves. Despite the market strengthening, at an
or as part of pricing negotiations. Underwriting discipline remains
aggregate level, casualty loss experience has been favourable to
critical for syndicates to successfully execute and deliver upon their
Lloyd’s expectations. However, a number of lines have performed
approved 2021 plans, given the anticipated levels of available
adverse to expectations driven by large losses including on
business in 2021.
directors' and officers' non-US, non-US financial institutions and
professional indemnity US business. US medical malpractice
Casualty
continues to perform adversely, further compounded by increases
Lloyd’s casualty market encompasses a number of lines of
in losses with regard to medical beneficiaries.
business. Principally general liability and professional lines. In
addition, shorter tail lines such as cyber and accident & health In addition to the above lines, cyber has also seen a rise in claims on
represent a significant component of the total casualty book. The recent years. In particular, the 2019 year of account has been
US remains the largest single market for Lloyd’s casualty business materially adverse against expectations. The key area of concern
followed by the UK, Canada and Australia. for this line of business is the emergence of ransomware claims
impacting cyber writers in the market, the prediction of which is
2020 performance
hampered by the lack of experience for those accounts. This will
Lloyd’s gross written premium for 2020 was £9,067m (2019: continue to be a key focus for Lloyd’s given the limited experience
£9,459m), a decrease of 4.1%. This was despite significant pricing
available for this line.
change in almost all lines of business, particularly Directors’ and
Officers’ liability. Lloyd’s casualty line reported an accident year Given the long-term nature of the underlying policies and macro
ratio of 105.2% (2019: 103.8%). view on concerns such as social inflation, we would generally
expect a greater level of uncertainty in this line being factored the
During 2020, the market began to accelerate prior years hardening
reserves.
while capacity remained stable overall. There has been a
pronounced shift away from certain lines, exposures and Looking ahead
occupations. In particular D&O saw significant repricing, with As with casualty reinsurance, there has been a growing focus on
capacity also becoming more restricted for certain sectors. Across social inflation. While a lot of the focus has been in the US, other
most lines there has also been a marked decrease in average line territories such as Australia and Canada are starting to see similar
sizes across most segments as carriers have sought to reduce trends across all casualty lines. These territories and jurisdictions
volatility. While the market correction is significant, with some lines have all seen trends of increasingly active regulation and litigation.
seeing double-digit pricing increases, the prevailing sentiment is This has been accompanied by increased capacity for litigation
that pricing adequacy remains in question, as the protracted soft funding driven to a large extent by persistent low interest rates. A
market cycle has meant price changes starting from a low base and general public desensitisation to litigation and jury awards has also
having to make up substantial ground on claims inflation during that led to ever increasing severity of claims. While the primary market
period. has already started to see restrictions in appetite and demand for
increased deductibles, in 2021 there is likely to be an increased
The growth in cyber insurance products continued into 2020 with
focus on the structure and pricing of excess placements.
the market outside the US expanding and also representing an
increasing share of the overall market. Across other lines there was Marine, Aviation and Transport
premium growth during the year as a result of price hardening
Marine business encompasses a wide variety of sub-lines where
towards the end of the year, particularly in some of the professional
Lloyd’s continues to be regarded as an industry leader, including,
lines.
hull, various marine war perils, marine liabilities, and specie and fine
As anticipated, due to the impact of COVID-19, contingency has art; with cargo being the largest individual lines. Further, more niche
suffered unprecedented losses because of subsequent event products are also written including satellite pre-launch risks and
cancellations. It is expected that losses will continue to be incurred construction related cargo perils including delay in start-up.
as the pandemic continues.
In aviation, Lloyd’s writes across all main business sectors including
airline, aerospace, general aviation, space and war. Airline (hull and
liability) is the largest sector but Lloyd’s is also actively involved in
the underwriting of general aviation (eg privately owned light
aircraft, helicopters and large private corporate jets), airport liability,
aviation product manufacturers’ liability, aviation, war/terrorism and
satellite launch and in-orbit risks.
40 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
2020 performance On aviation lines, recent history has seen heavier large loss
Lloyd’s gross written premium for 2020 was £2,976m (2019: experience, arising mostly from losses relating to the grounding of
£2,802m), an increase of 6.3%. The Lloyd’s marine, aviation and the Boeing 737 MAX fleet and increased space losses in 2019 year
transport line reported an accident year ratio of 98.2% (2019: of account. The Boeing loss has increased over 2020, impacting
113.3%). general aviation and aviation products/airport liabilities. Given the
heightened uncertainty on recent years, larger margins are
Following long-term sub-optimal performance, marine continues to
generally being held and reserving estimates increased to cover
go through an extensive remediation process, which has included
these emerging claims.
several significant market participants reducing book sizes, and
others choosing to withdraw completely, yacht, for example, has Looking ahead
reduced in terms of gross written premium by over 50% since 2018. Marine underwriters are not reporting any expectation of the
Through these measures and the resulting contraction in capacity, a hardening market to slow. There has been a substantial shift away
significant pricing improvement has been seen across the portfolio, from lineslip and binder driven portfolios in the marine market, which
but most notably in the two largest lines of cargo and hull. has led to greater underwriting oversight. This trend looks set to
continue throughout 2021.
Attritional claims in hull have reduced, but it is yet to be seen if this
is due to a hardening market, a decrease in voyages owing to The immediate future is rather unsettled in the aviation sector in
COVID-19, or a combination of the two factors. light of the ongoing pandemic and financial impact on the client
base. A return to pre-pandemic levels of activity and exposure is not
War breach premiums have meaningfully increased due to
expected in 2021.
increased tensions in the Middle East, however, annual war
premium remains one of the most competitive sub-lines within the Lloyd’s aviation underwriters endeavour to support Lloyd’s
marine portfolio. With a new US regime, it remains to be seen how policyholders throughout this difficult period while maintaining strict
international sanctions will evolve and the subsequent effects this underwriting discipline, corrective pricing and improved risk
may have on war breach premiums. selection in an attempt to drive profitable underwriting results.
Aviation experienced a year outside of expectation given the impact Regarding the client base and inherent exposures, increased
of the global pandemic on travel and tourism. Reduced activity in consolidation is anticipated given financial pressures on airlines,
airline and general aviation, with a bulk of aircraft fleets grounded which could lead to greater concentration of client exposures.
for extended periods, led to significantly less loss activity in
comparison to prior years. Energy
Unprofitable prior year performance drove a corrective pricing The Lloyd’s energy line includes a variety of onshore and offshore
property and liability products; ranging from construction to
environment across all aviation product lines throughout 2020.
exploration, production, refining and distribution. This incorporates
Business placed and renewed in the second half of 2020 saw
reduced exposure compared with previous years, given the limited both the oil and gas industry and the growing energy renewables
air travel and reduced passenger footfall. sector.
2020 performance
In order to lessen the impact of this reduced exposure, in the face
of unaltered policy limits, the market in many cases installed Gross written premium for the Lloyd’s energy line in 2020 was
£1,265m (2019: £1,500m), a decrease of 15.7%. The Lloyd’s energy
minimum premiums in 2020 placements.
line reported an accident year ratio of 99.2% (2019: 107.5%).
Prior year movement
The direction of travel in the pricing environment across all energy
The prior year movement was a release of 8.5% (2019: release of
lines has been positive throughout 2020. Downstream product lines
4.8%).
continue to benefit the most, fuelled by the high frequency of large
On marine lines, there is a tendency for the view of claims to be held loss activity globally in the downstream lines in prior years. This has
for a number of years to allow for any uncertainty and so releases been further reinforced by industry losses in Asia in 2020. From a
are common. Overall, these lines of business have performed whole account perspective this has been balanced somewhat by
favourably against expectations over 2020, despite heightened continued benign large and catastrophic loss activity in upstream
large loss activity impacting both property damage and liability lines. Upstream being the largest part of the overall energy account
within this line. Recent years have seen higher than average in terms of risk count, written premium and exposure.
catastrophe losses, which are known to drive property damage
Prior year movement
claims. However, some of the historical catastrophe losses have
improved over 2020. In particular there has been reductions on The prior year movement was a release of 8.2% (2019: 10.2%). The
overall losses due to Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria (2017), energy line of business has seen continued prior year reserve
releases over 2020. This line contains a mix of contracts that give
especially with respect to cargo business. In contrast, Storm Dorian
(2019) losses have increased, particularly impacting marine hull. rise to claims that are settled on both a short-term and long-term
Favourable experience has been evident on marine cargo and hull, time horizon. Both the short-term and long-term lines have
performed broadly in line with expectations, with the short-term
with many carriers reporting benign claims experience on prior
lines benefiting from releases on older catastrophe losses, such as
years.
on Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria (2017). However, some
historical catastrophe losses have deteriorated since year-end
2019, with large adverse movements on the Transocean Deepwater
Horizon (2010) and Petrobras (2001) explosion events. There have
also been a number of releases due to reductions in other large
losses or lower claims activity than expected. Given that the energy
line is also exposed to isolated large losses, large margins for
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 41

2020 Highlights
continued
uncertainty tend to be held and released in benign years. For long- Prior year movement
term contracts, these margins can be held for a number of years. The prior year movement was a release of 2.2% of net earned
Reductions in claims estimates for these large losses and the premium (2019: 1.8%). This is driven by favourable claims
release of unused margin is expected to drive releases at a market experience against expectation for both UK and overseas motor.
level.
Looking ahead
Looking ahead While current indications have shown recent improvements in the
In downstream energy, both property and liability, it is expected that performance of international motor, there remains uncertainty as to
the market in 2021 will continue to build upon the underwriting whether current pricing levels are sufficient and whether enough
discipline and price increases implemented in 2019 and 2020. consideration has been given to further development of longer tail
risks. While there has been a general shift away from liability risks
Upstream energy remains in a state of relative stability in terms of
towards property damage only, particularly in North America, there
pricing, conditions and underwriting appetite. This is driven by the
is still some exposure which could cause further deterioration.
continued absence of large operational losses, coupled with a
benign wind season in areas of high energy asset exposure In the UK, the reforms relating to whiplash claims, as outlined in the
accumulations, such as in the Gulf of Mexico, despite the significant Civil Liability Act 2018, have been delayed further from 2020 until
increase in named windstorms experienced in 2020. May 2021 so any impact this will have on loss ratios will not be
understood for some time.
Given the pandemic impact on the oil and gas sector client
retentions are increasing and business interruption values (based COVID-19 has significantly reduced claims numbers, although this
on production estimates annually) are down on prior years. Thereby has fluctuated within the various lockdowns. How this aligns with
decreasing the exposures and premium in the product lines. the reduction in income (following policy cancellations and rebates
on premium etc) remains to be seen.
Energy renewables, predominantly offshore wind, experienced an
increase in submissions at Lloyd’s through 2020 and given the
global energy transition this trend is expected to continue in 2021,
with the support of the Corporation, as outlined in our ESG report.
Motor
Lloyd’s motor market primarily covers international motor with a
large proportion written in North America and with an increasing
focus on property damage over liability risks.
Lloyd’s commercial and fleet business is diverse, ranging from light
commercial vehicles and taxis to buses and heavy haulage.
2020 performance
Gross written premium in 2020 was £720m (2019: £1,053m), a
decrease of 31.6%. The Lloyd’s motor line reported an accident year
ratio of 95.5% (2019: 100.6%).
Following a number of years of competitive pricing, international
motor has continued to see positive trends with more price
strengthening during 2020, as well as a focus on increased
deductibles and tightening of terms and conditions.
In the UK, it remains unclear whether pricing levels achieved during
2020 will be sufficient to address challenging underwriting
conditions brought about by the change in the Ogden discount rate
during 2019.
However, during 2020 the impact of COVID-19 has resulted in a
significant shift in exposure, particularly for standard
comprehensive motor policies, where the number of vehicles on the
road has decreased during the various lockdown measures both in
the UK, but also in other territories where standard third-party
liability cover is provided.
42 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Reinsurance
Gross written Accident Prior year Combined Underwriting
premium year ratio movement ratio result
Property £m % % % £m
2016 5,022 101.2 (9.4) 91.8 299
2017 5,991 134.3 (4.0) 130.3 (1,260)
2018 6,440 121.1 (4.9) 116.2 (672)
2019 6,405 106.5 (0.3) 106.2 (258)
2020 6,627 112.8 (2.8) 110.0 (441)
Gross written Accident Prior year Combined Underwriting
premium year ratio movement ratio result
Casualty £m % % % £m
2016 2,096 105.2 (7.1) 98.1 33
2017 2,223 103.9 (1.8) 102.1 (39)
2018 2,541 99.7 (3.6) 96.1 78
2019 2,960 102.4 1.7 104.1 (94)
2020 3,321 113.0 (2.3) 110.7 (288)
Gross written Accident Prior year Combined Underwriting
premium year ratio movement ratio result
Specialty £m % % % £m
2016 2,290 101.9 (14.2) 87.7 216
2017 2,346 110.3 (8.5) 101.8 (31)
2018 2,089 101.9 (11.0) 90.9 138
2019 2,053 108.6 (2.8) 105.8 (82)
2020 2,211 101.1 (6.0) 95.1 73
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 43

2020 Highlights
continued
Insurance
Gross written Accident Prior year Combined Underwriting
premium year ratio movement ratio result
Property £m % % % £m
2016 7,988 106.6 (3.2) 103.4 (202)
2017 8,965 131.5 (3.9) 127.6 (1,757)
2018 9,687 114.0 (3.6) 110.4 (700)
2019 9,586 101.5 (1.7) 99.8 12
2020 9,227 135.4 (3.5) 131.9 (2,104)
Gross written Accident Prior year Combined Underwriting
premium year ratio movement ratio result
Casualty £m % % % £m
2016 7,131 102.9 (0.2) 102.7 (146)
2017 8,464 103.7 (0.6) 103.1 (189)
2018 9,094 103.9 (1.0) 102.9 (183)
2019 9,459 103.8 1.9 105.7 (390)
2020 9,067 105.2 5.1 110.3 (688)
Gross written Accident Prior year Combined Underwriting
premium year ratio movement ratio result
Marine, Aviation and Transport £m % % % £m
2016 3,097 108.2 (5.9) 102.3 (58)
2017 3,193 117.7 0.8 118.5 (480)
2018 3,152 116.2 (0.9) 115.3 (392)
2019 2,802 113.3 (4.8) 108.5 (199)
2020 2,976 98.2 (8.5) 89.7 239
Gross written Accident Prior year Combined Underwriting
premium year ratio movement ratio result
Energy £m % % % £m
2016 1,110 106.4 (13.8) 92.6 59
2017 1,253 107.7 (21.1) 86.6 105
2018 1,404 105.6 (18.2) 87.4 113
2019 1,500 107.5 (10.2) 97.3 27
2020 1,265 99.2 (8.2) 91.0 79
Gross written Accident Prior year Combined Underwriting
premium year ratio movement ratio result
Motor £m % % % £m
2016 1,047 108.8 2.6 111.5 (103)
2017 1,057 114.4 7.9 122.3 (188)
2018 1,037 101.8 (3.1) 98.7 12
2019 1,053 100.6 (1.8) 98.8 11
2020 720 95.5 (2.2) 93.3 48
44 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Statement of Council’s Responsibilities
Statement of Council’s responsibilities in The Lloyd’s Annual Report presents the financial results of the
respect of the Pro Forma Financial Society of Lloyd’s and its members. Lloyd’s is not an insurance
company. It is a Society of members, both corporate and
Statements
individual, which underwrite insurance via syndicates. These
The Pro Forma Financial Statements (PFFS) are prepared so
syndicates can comprise one single corporate member or any
that the financial results of the Society of Lloyd’s (‘the Society’)
number of corporate and individual members, underwriting
and its members taken together, and their net assets, can be
severally for their own account. In view of Lloyd’s unique
compared as closely as possible with general insurance
structure, the Annual Report includes two sets of financial
companies.
statements.
The Council of Lloyd’s is responsible for the preparation and
approval of the PFFS in accordance with the basis of Pro Forma Financial Statements
preparation set out in note 2. The PFFS include the results of the syndicates as reported in
the syndicate annual returns, members’ funds at Lloyd’s (FAL)
The maintenance and integrity of the Lloyd’s website is the
and the Society of Lloyd’s Group financial statements.
responsibility of the Council of Lloyd’s; the work carried out by
the auditors does not involve consideration of these matters
Society of Lloyd’s Group Financial
and, accordingly, the auditors accept no responsibility for any
changes that may have occurred to the financial statements Statements
since they were initially presented on the website. The Group financial statements of the Society comprise the
Group annual financial statements of the Society and all its
Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the preparation of
subsidiary undertakings, the Lloyd’s Central Fund and the
financial statements may differ from legislation in other
Society’s interest in associates and joint ventures.
jurisdictions.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 45

Report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
to the Council on the 2020 Pro Forma
Financial Statements
Independent Reasonable Assurance Report Our examination of the preparation of the PFFS consisted
of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to the principally of:
Council of Lloyd’s on the preparation of the — obtaining an understanding of how the Council of Lloyd's has
2020 Lloyd’s Pro Forma Financial compiled the PFFS from the audited syndicate annual returns
Statements and accounts, the Society of Lloyd's books and records and
Members’ Funds at Lloyd's;
Opinion
— checking (on a sample basis) that the financial information
In our opinion the Council of Lloyd’s has prepared the Lloyd’s included in the PFFS was correctly extracted from the
Pro Forma Financial Statements (the “PFFS”) for the financial syndicate annual accounts and the Society of Lloyd's books
year ended 31 December 2020, defined below, in all material and records;
respects in accordance with the basis of preparation set out in
— evaluating evidence to support the existence and valuation of
note 2.
Members’ Funds at Lloyd's; and
This opinion is to be read in the context of what we say in the
— evaluating the evidence supporting the adjustments made in
remainder of this report.
the preparation of the PFFS and obtaining evidence that the
What we have assured PFFS have been prepared in accordance with the basis of
The PFFS, which are prepared by the Council of Lloyd’s, preparation set out in the PFFS notes.
comprise: the pro forma balance sheet as at 31 December 2020,
the pro forma profit and loss account, the pro forma statement The engagement also involves evaluating the overall
of other comprehensive income, and the pro forma statement of presentation of the PFFS. We do not independently assess and
cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the financial do not opine on the appropriateness of the basis of preparation
statements. of the PFFS.
The financial reporting framework that has been applied in the The responsibilities of the Council of Lloyd’s and our
preparation of the PFFS is set out in note 2, ‘the basis of responsibilities
preparation’. The Council of Lloyd’s is responsible for establishing and
selecting suitable criteria (the basis for preparing the PFFS) and
Our assurance does not extend to information in respect of
the preparation and approval of the PFFS in accordance with the
earlier periods or to any other information included in the Lloyd’s
basis of preparation set out in note 2. According to the
Annual Report within which the PFFS for the year ended 31
Statement of Council’s Responsibilities, the PFFS are prepared
December 2020 are included.
so that the financial results of the Society of Lloyd’s and its
What a reasonable assurance engagement involves members taken together, and their net assets, can be compared
We performed a reasonable assurance engagement in as closely as possible with general insurance companies.
accordance with International Standard on Assurance
Our responsibility is to express an opinion about whether the
Engagements 3000 (Revised) – ‘Assurance Engagements other
preparation of the PFFS has been performed by the Council of
than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information’,
Lloyd’s on the basis set out in note 2.
issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Board.
This report including our conclusions has been prepared solely
We complied with the Institute of Chartered Accountants in
for the Council of Lloyd’s in accordance with our engagement
England and Wales (ICAEW) Code of Ethics, which includes
letter dated 4 September 2020 (the “instructions”). Our
independence and other requirements founded on fundamental
examination has been undertaken so that we might state to the
principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and
Council of Lloyd’s those matters which we are required to state
due care, confidentiality and professional behaviour that are at
in this report in accordance with the instructions and for no
least as demanding as the applicable provisions of the IESBA
other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not
Code of Ethics. We apply International Standard on Quality
accept or assume any responsibility for any other purpose or to
Control (UK) 1 and accordingly maintain a comprehensive
any other person to whom this report is shown or into whose
system of quality control including documented policies and
hands it may come save where expressly agreed by our prior
procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements,
consent in writing.
professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory
requirements.
The PFFS have been compiled by aggregating financial
information reported in syndicate returns and annual accounts,
which have been submitted to the Council of Lloyd’s and on
which the auditors of each syndicate have reported, members’
funds at Lloyd’s (FAL) and the books and records of the Society PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
of Lloyd’s (the Society). Our work in respect of the syndicate
London
returns and annual accounts did not involve assessing the
30 March 2021
quality of the syndicate audits or performing any audit
procedures over the financial or other information of the
syndicates or provided by the managing agents of the
syndicates.
46 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Pro Forma Profit and Loss Account
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
2020 2019
Technical account Note £m £m £m £m
Gross written premiums 9 35,466 35,905
Outward reinsurance premiums (9,640) (10,246)
Premiums written, net of reinsurance 25,826 25,659
Change in the gross provision for unearned premiums 78 186
Change in the provision for unearned premiums, reinsurers’ share (28) (24)
50 162
Earned premiums, net of reinsurance 9 25,876 25,821
Allocated investment return transferred from the non-technical account 1,042 1,371
26,918 27,192
Claims paid
Gross amount 21,422 22,991
Reinsurers’ share (6,506) (7,133)
14,916 15,858
Change in provision for claims
Gross amount 6,075 1,083
Reinsurers’ share (2,062) (580)
4,013 503
Claims incurred, net of reinsurance 9 18,929 16,361
Net operating expenses 9, 11 9,623 9,998
Balance on the technical account for general business (1,634) 833
Non-technical account
Balance on the technical account for general business (1,634) 833
Investment return on syndicate assets 1,231 1,667
Notional investment return on members’ funds at Lloyd’s 6 949 1,657
Investment return on Society assets 88 213
Total investment return 12 2,268 3,537
Allocated investment return transferred to the technical account (1,042) (1,371)
1,226 2,166
Loss on exchange (105) (54)
Other income 7 92 59
Other expenses 7 (466) (472)
Result for the financial year before tax 8 (887) 2,532
All operations relate to continuing activities.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 47

Pro Forma Statement of Comprehensive Income
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
2020 2019
Statement of other comprehensive income £m £m
Result for the year 8 (887) 2,532
Currency translation differences 49 31
Other comprehensive gains in the syndicate annual accounts 12 14
Remeasurement loss on pension liabilities in the Society accounts (40) (49)
Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year (866) 2,528
48 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Pro Forma Balance Sheet
(As at 31 December 2020)
2020 2019
Investments Note £m £m £m £m
Financial investments 13 69,478 63,562
Deposits with ceding undertakings 71 38
Reinsurers’ share of technical provisions
Provision for unearned premiums 18 3,588 3,700
Claims outstanding 18 21,485 19,897
25,073 23,597
Debtors
Debtors arising out of direct insurance operations 14 8,796 9,014
Debtors arising out of reinsurance operations 15 8,730 8,256
Other debtors 1,162 929
18,688 18,199
Other assets
Tangible assets 28 28
Cash at bank and in hand 16, 22 10,473 9,631
Other 79 140
10,580 9,799
Prepayments and accrued income
Accrued interest and rent 98 110
Deferred acquisition costs 18 4,148 4,404
Other prepayments and accrued income 168 169
4,414 4,683
Total assets 128,304 119,878
Capital, reserves and subordinated loan notes
Members’ funds at Lloyd’s 6 30,959 27,595
Members’ balances 17 (326) (242)
Members’ assets (held severally) 30,633 27,353
Central reserves (mutual assets) 2,513 2,491
Total capital and reserves 8 33,146 29,844
Subordinated loan notes 2 795 794
Total capital, reserves and subordinated loan notes 33,941 30,638
Technical provisions
Provision for unearned premiums 18 16,743 17,143
Claims outstanding 18 64,364 59,655
81,107 76,798
Deposits received from reinsurers 727 880
Creditors
Creditors arising out of direct insurance operations 20 1,423 1,402
Creditors arising out of reinsurance operations 21 6,834 6,751
Other creditors including taxation 2,886 2,378
Senior debt 2 299 –
11,442 10,531
Accruals and deferred income 1,087 1,031
Total capital, reserves and liabilities 128,304 119,878
Approved by the Council on 30 March 2021 and signed on its behalf by
Bruce Carnegie-Brown John Neal
Chairman Chief Executive Officer
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 49

Pro Forma Statement of Cash Flows
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
2019
2020 (restated)
Note £m £m
Result for the financial year before tax (887) 2,532
Increase/(decrease) in gross technical provisions 4,797 (869)
Increase in reinsurers’ share of gross technical provisions (1,602) (410)
Increase in debtors (343) (192)
Increase in creditors 287 402
Movement in other assets/liabilities (180) 618
Investment return (2,268) (3,537)
Depreciation 33 6
Tax paid (33) (69)
Foreign exchange 129 576
Other 133 110
Net cash flows from operating activities 66 (833)
Investing activities
Purchase of equity and debt instruments (32,110) (37,871)
Sale of equity and debt instruments 31,304 36,856
Purchase of derivatives (621) (721)
Sale of derivatives 608 736
Investment income received 887 1,060
Other (378) 30
Net cash flows from investing activities (310) 90
Financing activities
Net profits or losses paid to members 1,461 963
Net capital transferred into/(out of) syndicate premium trust funds 333 (405)
Interest paid on subordinated and senior loan notes (42) (38)
Senior debt issuance 2 299 –
Net movement in members’ funds at Lloyd’s (270) (1,156)
Other 61 174
Net cash flows from financing activities 1,842 (462)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 1,598 (1,205)
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 11,128 12,395
Exchange differences on cash and cash equivalents 8 (62)
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December 22 12,734 11,128
Note: Refer to note 3(a) for details of the restatement of the 2019 comparative amounts.
50 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
1. The Pro Forma Financial Statements (a) Aggregation
The Pro Forma Financial Statements (PFFS) are prepared so that The PFFS have not been prepared in accordance with full
the financial results of Lloyd’s and its members taken together and consolidation principles and do not present a consolidated view
their net assets can be compared as closely as possible with of the results of the Lloyd’s business taken as a single entity for the
general insurance companies. reasons detailed further below. However, the PFFS may be used as
a reasonable presentation of the results and state of affairs of the
2. Basis of preparation Lloyd’s market on a basis that is broadly comparable with general
insurance companies.
General
The PFFS have been prepared by aggregating audited financial The syndicates’ financial information included in the PFFS has been
information reported in syndicate returns and annual accounts prepared in accordance with the recognition and measurement
(Aggregate Accounts), members’ funds at Lloyd’s (FAL) and the requirements of UK GAAP by reference to the accounting policies
financial statements of the Society of Lloyd’s (the Society) on that are deemed most appropriate by the managing agents. Where
pages 127 to 180. Having assessed the principal risks, the Council different accounting policies have been selected by managing
considered it appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of agents in preparing syndicate annual accounts, no adjustments
accounting in preparing the PFFS; the going concern and viability are made to align the bases of recognition and measurement
statement of the Society is included within the Society Report on in the PFFS. In addition, no adjustments are made to eliminate inter-
page 118. syndicate transactions and balances except for those relating to
inter-syndicate loans and Special Purpose Arrangements (SPA).
The Aggregate Accounts report the audited results for calendar
Transactions between syndicates and the Society are also
year 2020 and the financial position at 31 December 2020 for all
eliminated in the PFFS. These adjustments are described below:
life and non-life syndicates that transacted business during the
year. The results and net assets for life syndicates are not material Inter-syndicate loans
and have not been separately disclosed in the profit and loss The syndicate annual accounts report debtor and creditor balances
account and balance sheet. The results for life business are for inter-syndicate loans totalling £212m (2019: £127m). These
reported in the segmental analysis (note 9). The Aggregate amounts have been eliminated from the amounts reported in the
Accounts are reported as a separate document and can be viewed balance sheet to provide a more meaningful presentation of the
at www.lloyds.com/annualresults2020. In order to provide more balance sheet for users of the PFFS (note 8).
meaningful information in the Aggregate Accounts and PFFS, the
Special Purpose Arrangements (SPA)
Society has required syndicates to report certain disclosures
The Aggregate Accounts include the results and assets of the SPA
presented on a consistent basis, which may vary from presentation
(see Glossary on page 185). Due to the nature of the SPA, the quota
included in the individual syndicates’ annual accounts.
share of the host syndicates’ business is reported as gross written
The profit and loss account in the PFFS aggregates the syndicate premiums in both the host syndicate and the SPA annual accounts.
results, the notional investment return on members’ capital and the This leads to an overstatement of the original premiums written by
results of the Society. The balance sheet in the PFFS aggregates the whole Lloyd’s market. To provide users of the PFFS with a more
the assets and liabilities held at syndicate level, members’ assets meaningful presentation of the market’s figures, all the transactions
held as FAL and the central resources of the Society. arising from the insurance contracts between the SPA and host
syndicates have been eliminated. The key impact of this elimination
The PFFS have, where practicable, been prepared in accordance
is that gross written premium is reduced by £659m (2019: £568m).
with United Kingdom Accounting Standards (UK Generally
The elimination does not affect the PFFS result or the balance due
Accepted Accounting Practice (UK GAAP)), including Financial
to members. All other inter-syndicate reinsurance arrangements are
Reporting Standard 102 (FRS 102) and the applicable Accounting
included in full.
Standard on insurance contracts Financial Reporting Standard 103
(FRS 103). In preparing the PFFS, note disclosures have been Transactions between syndicates and the Society
included for those areas the Council consider material to enable the — Central Fund contributions, members’ subscriptions and other
PFFS to depict a comprehensive view of the financial results and market charges levied by the Society are reported as net
position of the Lloyd’s market and to enable comparison with operating expenses in the syndicate returns and as income in the
general insurance companies. Application of UK GAAP is not Society financial statements.
practicable for the following items; the approach taken in preparing — Syndicate loans to the Central Fund are reported as assets in the
the PFFS is outlined in a) to e) below: syndicate returns and as equity in the Society financial
statements.
— Use of the aggregation basis to prepare the PFFS;
— Technical insurance-related transactions and balances existing
— Notional investment return on members’ funds at Lloyd’s;
between the syndicates and the subsidiaries of the Society are
— The statement of changes in equity; reported in both the syndicate returns and in the Society financial
— Taxation; and statements.
— Related party transactions.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 51

Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
— Central Fund claims and provisions to discharge the liability of Members’ funds at Lloyd’s (FAL)
members where they have unpaid cash calls, and do not have the FAL comprise the capital provided by members, which is generally
resources to meet those cash calls, are reported as a profit and held centrally, to support their underwriting, and are the equivalent
loss charge and balance sheet liability in the Society financial of capital shown in insurance companies’ accounts. The valuation
statements. The Central Fund’s other income includes recoveries of FAL has, therefore, been included in the pro forma balance sheet.
from insolvent members. The syndicate returns include those FAL is available to meet cash calls made on the member in respect
members’ results and at the balance sheet date will report the of a syndicate liability. The assets in FAL must be readily realisable
outstanding liability within members’ balances. and may include letters of credit and bank and other guarantees.
— Loans funding statutory overseas deposits are reported as
The total resources, including FAL, for members writing ongoing
assets within the syndicate returns and as liabilities in the Society
insurance must be at least equivalent to the aggregate of the
financial statements.
member’s Economic Capital Assessment (ECA) requirement and
certain liabilities in respect of its underwriting business. Each
(b) Notional investment return on members’ funds
member’s ECA to support its underwriting at Lloyd’s is determined
at Lloyd’s (FAL)
using Lloyd’s Solvency Capital Requirement to ultimate capital
A notional investment return on FAL has been estimated, which
setting methodology.
is the equivalent of insurance companies generating investment
return on the capital that they hold to support their underwriting. Subordinated loan notes
Where Lloyd’s is the investment manager for FAL, the actual In accordance with the terms of the Society’s subordinated loan
return achieved has been included. For other assets the notional notes, the capital raised is available for payment to policyholders in
investment return, net of management fees, is estimated on the advance of repayment to the note holders and is included in ‘capital,
average value of FAL during the year, based on yields from indices reserves and subordinated loan notes’ in the pro forma balance
for each type of asset held. The typical investment return on bank sheet. Note 24 to the Society financial statements on page 177
deposits has been applied to FAL, provided as letters of credit or provides additional information.
bank guarantees. The actual return achieved on FAL investments
Senior debt
will differ from the notional return due to individual stocks held, daily
Unsecured senior debt of £300m was issued by the Society on
cash flows and transactional charges. Notional investment return on
21 January 2020, increasing liabilities. The debt has been issued
FAL is reported in the non-technical account.
to finance the investment in the Future at Lloyd’s strategy. Note 24
Due to the estimation of the notional investment return, movements to the Society financial statements on page 177 provides additional
in FAL recorded within the financing section of the statement information.
of cash flows is comprised of both cash and non-cash activity.
Society financial statements
(c) Statement of changes in equity The PFFS include the results and net assets reported in the
Where Lloyd’s is not the investment manager for FAL, actual financial statements of the Society of Lloyd’s (after appropriate
changes are not available and therefore a statement of changes in adjustments to convert to UK GAAP), comprising the financial
equity has not been included. However, a statement of changes in statements of the Society of Lloyd’s and all its subsidiary
members’ balances has been included in note 17, which, along with undertakings, the Lloyd’s Central Fund and the Society’s interest
the Society’s group statement of changes in equity (on page 130), in associates.
represents the changes in equity of the other components of the
Part VII transfer of EEA Lloyd’s market business
PFFS.
On 30 December 2020, Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A (Lloyd’s
(d) Taxation Brussels) assumed the EEA non-life insurance business written in
The PFFS report the market’s result before tax. Members are Lloyd’s market between 1993 and 2020 which were transferred
responsible for tax payable on their syndicate results and pursuant to Part VII of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000
investment income on FAL. For consistency, the results of the (Part VII). The value of the liabilities transferred was £3,381m.
Society are also included pre-tax in the profit and loss account. Lloyd’s Brussels received a cash consideration of the same amount
The statement of financial position in the Society financial from the syndicates.
statements includes the Society’s own tax provision balances.
These liabilities were subsequently reinsured by 100% quota share
(e) Related party transactions to syndicates on the same day. The reinsurance premium paid was
Individual syndicates or their members do not disclose details of of the same amount of £3,381m. Consequently, there was no gain or
insurance and/or reinsurance transactions with other (non-related) loss arising on the transaction.
syndicates or members within the market. Therefore, analysis
The technical insurance-related transactions and balances arising
and/or disclosure of these transactions within the Lloyd’s market in
from the transaction have been eliminated in the PFFS and
the PFFS is not possible. Other than the disclosures made in note
therefore there is no impact on the PFFS, including the segmental
24, a more detailed related party transaction note is therefore not
analysis by line of business presented in note 9.
included within the PFFS. The annual accounts of each syndicate
or member provide, where appropriate, the required disclosures
on related parties. The related party transactions of the Society are
disclosed in note 29 on page 180 of the Society financial
statements.
52 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
3. Accounting policies notes Premiums written
Sources of significant accounting judgements Premiums written represent premiums on business incepting
and estimation uncertainty during the year, together with adjustments for premiums written in
The PFFS aggregates judgements, estimates and assumptions previous accounting periods. Premiums written are stated before
made by managing agents in respect of syndicate balances, and deduction of commissions but net of taxes, duties levied on
the Council, in respect of the Society of Lloyd’s and FAL balances. premiums and other deductions.
These judgements, estimates and assumptions affect the Unearned premiums
application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets, Written premiums are recognised as earned according to the risk
liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from profile of the policy. Unearned premiums represent the proportion
these estimates. of premiums written in the year that relate to unexpired terms of
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing policies in force at the balance sheet date, calculated on the basis
basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the of established earnings patterns or time apportioned as
period in which the estimate is revised and in any future periods appropriate.
affected. In particular, information about significant areas of Outward reinsurance premiums
estimation uncertainty and critical judgements in applying
Outward reinsurance premiums comprise the cost of reinsurance
accounting policies that have the most significant effect on the
arrangements placed and are accounted for in the same accounting
amounts recognised in the PFFS are described in the following period as the related insurance contracts. The provision for
accounting policies: reinsurers’ share of unearned premiums represents that part
— Claims provisions and related recoveries are the most significant of reinsurance premium ceded that is estimated to be earned
accounting estimate in preparing the PFFS, in particular for in following financial years.
losses incurred but not reported. Variances between the Claims provisions and related recoveries
estimated and actual cost of settling claims impacts claims Gross claims incurred comprise the estimated cost of all claims
incurred, net of reinsurance and the balance on the technical occurring during the year, whether reported or not, including related
account for general insurance (see note 3(a) and note 18); direct and indirect claims handling costs and adjustments to claims
— Estimated premium income, in particular estimates for premiums outstanding from previous years.
written under delegated authority agreements, is a significant
The provision for claims outstanding is assessed on an individual
estimate. Variances between the estimated premium income and
case basis and is based on the estimated ultimate cost of all claims
actual received impact gross written premiums and provisions for
notified but not settled by the balance sheet date, together with
unearned premium (see note 3(a) and note 9);
the provision for related claims handling costs. The provision also
— Valuation of investments requires a degree of estimation, in includes the estimated cost of claims incurred but not reported
particular for valuations based on models and inputs other than (IBNR) at the balance sheet date based on statistical methods.
those observable in the market (‘level 3’ of the fair value
hierarchy). The estimation uncertainty impacts the carrying value These methods generally involve projecting from past experience
of financial investments, which is the largest PFFS asset class, of the development of claims over time to form a view of the likely
however, a relatively small proportion is valued at ‘level 3’ of the ultimate claims to be experienced for more recent underwriting,
fair value hierarchy (see note 3(a) and note 13); and having regard to variations in the business accepted and the
underlying terms and conditions. For the most recent years, where
— Notional investment return on FAL is an estimate based on yields
a high degree of volatility arises from projections, estimates may
from indices for each type of asset held. The estimation
be based in part on output from rating and other models of the
uncertainty affects the notional investment return presented
business accepted and assessments of underwriting conditions.
separately in the profit and loss account and the carrying value of
The amount of salvage and subrogation recoveries is separately
member’s funds at Lloyd’s on the balance sheet (see note 2(b),
identified and, where material, reported as an asset.
note 3(b) and note 6).
The reinsurers’ share of provisions for claims is based on the
The most critical accounting estimate included within the balance
amounts of outstanding claims and projections for IBNR, net of
sheet is the estimate for outstanding claims. The total estimate, on a
estimated irrecoverable amounts, having regard to the reinsurance
gross basis, as at 31 December 2020 is £64,364m (2019:
programme in place for the line of business, the claims experience
£59,655m). The total estimate, net of reinsurers’ share, as at 31
for the year and the current security rating of the reinsurers
December 2020 is £42,879 m (2019: £39,758m) and is included
involved. Statistical techniques are used to assist in making these
within the pro forma balance sheet.
estimates. The two most critical assumptions as regards claims
(a) Aggregate accounts provisions are that the past is a reasonable predictor of the likely
General level of future claims development and that the rating and other
Under the Insurance Accounts Directive (Lloyd’s Syndicate and models used for current business are fair reflections of the likely
Aggregate Accounts) Regulations 2008, as amended by The level of ultimate claims to be incurred. The directors of each
Statutory Auditors and Third Country Auditors Regulations 2017, syndicate’s managing agent consider that the provisions for gross
managing agents must prepare syndicate annual accounts under claims and related reinsurance recoveries are fairly stated on the
UK GAAP. However, where UK GAAP permits different accounting basis of the information currently available to them.
treatments, each managing agent is able to adopt the accounting
policies it considers most appropriate to its syndicate. The following
accounting policies are, therefore, an overview of the policies
generally adopted by syndicates.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 53

Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
3. Accounting policies notes continued Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement
However, the ultimate liability will vary as a result of subsequent of transactions and from the translation at period end exchange
information and events, which may result in significant adjustments rates of non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
to the amounts provided. Adjustments to the amounts of claims currencies are recognised in other comprehensive income for those
provisions established in prior years are reflected in the financial items where the gain or loss is required to be recognised within
statements for the period in which the adjustments are made. other comprehensive income, and in the non-technical account
The methods used, and the estimates made, are reviewed regularly. where the gain or loss is required to be recognised within profit
or loss.
Additional information on insurance risk is disclosed in note 4.
Investments
Discounted claims provisions
Investments are stated at fair value at the balance sheet date.
Due to the long delay between the date of an incurred claim and the For this purpose, listed investments are stated at their bid price
final settlement of the claim, the outstanding claims provisions are market value, and deposits with credit institutions and international
discounted to take account of the expected investment income
deposits are stated at cost, less any provision for impairment.
receivable between claim event and settlement dates on the assets
held to cover the provisions. This is only applicable to the Unlisted investments for which a market exists are stated at the
syndicates that discount their claims provisions. Additional detail is average price at which they are traded on the balance sheet date
disclosed in note 19 of the PFFS. or the last trading day before that date.
Unexpired risks provision Syndicate investment return
A provision for unexpired risks is made where claims and related Syndicate investment return comprises all investment income,
expenses arising after the end of the financial period in respect of realised investment gains and losses and movements in unrealised
contracts concluded before that date are expected to exceed the gains and losses, net of investment expenses, charges and interest.
unearned premiums under these contracts, after the deduction of
Realised gains and losses on investments carried at market value
any acquisition costs deferred. are calculated as the difference between sale proceeds and
The provision for unexpired risks is calculated at syndicate level by purchase price.
reference to lines of business that are managed together, and may Unrealised gains and losses on investments represent the
take into account relevant investment return. difference between the valuation at the balance sheet date and
Acquisition costs the valuation at the previous balance sheet date, or purchase price,
Acquisition costs, comprising commission and other costs related if acquired during the year, together with the reversal of unrealised
to the acquisition of new insurance contracts are deferred to the gains and losses recognised in earlier accounting periods in respect
extent that they are attributable to premiums unearned at the of investment disposals in the current period.
balance sheet date. Syndicate investment return is initially recorded in the non-technical
Foreign currencies account. A transfer is made from the non-technical account to the
The Council considers that the functional currency and the general business technical account where the investments
presentational currency of the PFFS and Aggregate Accounts generating the return relate to insurance business.
is sterling. In the context of the PFFS and Aggregate Accounts Tangible assets
the Council views this to be the equivalent of a group which Tangible assets relate to plant and equipment and the Lloyd’s
has different operating units with a mix of functional currencies. Collection, with additional detail disclosed in note 2 to the Society of
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional Lloyd’s financial statements on page 132.
currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the Taxation
transactions, or the average rate may be used when this is a
The PFFS report the market’s result before tax because it is the
reasonable approximation.
members rather than the syndicates that are responsible for tax
At each period end foreign currency monetary items are translated payable on their syndicate results and investment income on FAL.
using the closing rate. For this purpose, all assets and liabilities No provision has therefore been made in the PFFS for income tax
arising from insurance contracts (including unearned premiums, payable by members. Any payments on account of members’ tax
deferred acquisition costs and unexpired risks provisions) are liabilities made on their behalf by a syndicate during the year are
monetary items. included in the balance sheet within other debtors or other creditors
including taxation.
Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of
transactions and from the translation at period end exchange rates Operating expenses
of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies Operating expenses have been charged to the syndicates in
are recognised in the non-technical account. accordance with the policies adopted by the managing agents.
54 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Profit commission 2019
Where profit commission is charged by the managing agent it will 2019 Adjustment (restated)
normally be fully paid once the appropriate year of account closes, £m £m £m
normally at 36 months. The profit commission is accrued in the Increase in debtors (2,777) 2,585 (192)
profit and loss account in accordance with the earned profit.
Increase in creditors 2,987 (2,585) 402
Managing agents may make payments on account of their Foreign exchange 1,404 (828) 576
anticipated profit commission from the syndicate premiums trust
Other 172 (62) 110
funds prior to the closure of a year of account where they have
transferred open year surpluses (interim profits) from the syndicate Net cash flows from 57 (890) (833)
level premiums trust funds to the members’ personal reserve fund. operating activities
Any payments on account of such commission are restricted to the Investment income 170 890 1,060
profit commission expensed in the profit and loss account in striking received
the level of interim profits declared and subsequently released.
Purchase of derivatives (4,721) 4,000 (721)
Cash at bank and in hand Sale of derivatives 4,736 (4,000) 736
Cash at bank and in hand includes cash in hand, deposits held
Net cash flows from (800) 890 90
at call with banks, other short-term highly liquid investments with
investing activities
original maturities of three months or less and bank overdrafts.
Bank overdrafts, when applicable, are shown within borrowings (b) Member’s funds at Lloyd’s (FAL)
in current liabilities. FAL is valued in accordance with its market value at the year end,
Comparative disclosures and using year end exchange rates. Investments are stated at fair
value at the balance sheet date. For this purpose, listed investments
Certain comparative balances have been reclassified to be
are stated at their bid price market value, and deposits with credit
consistent with current year presentation.
institutions and international deposits are stated at cost.
Prior year restatement
Unlisted investments for which a market exists are stated at the
The Pro Forma Cash Flow Statement 2019 comparative amounts
have been restated for changes in presentation and correction of average price at which they are traded on the balance sheet date or
the last trading day before that date. Letters of credit are stated at
presentational errors. The effect of the adjustments have no net
the amount guaranteed by the issuing credit institution.
impact on the net decrease in cash and cash equivalents or the
cash and cash equivalents balance in the Pro Forma Balance Sheet. As disclosed in the basis of preparation a notional investment return
on FAL is estimated, which is recognised in the non-technical
Cash flows for derivative purchase or sale transactions have been
restated to be presented on a net basis to reflect the actual cash account.
flows. This results in a decrease in cash outflows/inflows from the Members that only participate on one syndicate may hold the
purchase/sale of derivatives of £4,000m. The net impact on net capital supporting their underwriting in their syndicate’s premium
cash flows from investing activities is £nil. trust funds. Where a member takes advantage of this facility, the
capital held in the premium trust fund is reported within members’
Cash inflows from investment income received of £890m has been
balances and the investment return retained within the non-
restated to correct for a misclassification within foreign exchange
losses. Foreign exchange losses of £62m have also been technical account.
reclassified from other cash flows from operations, resulting in a net (c) Society of Lloyd’s (the Society)
decrease in foreign exchange losses of £828m. Net cash flows The accounting policies adopted in the Society of Lloyd’s financial
generated from operating activities decrease and net cash flows statements are set out on pages 132 to 137. Adjustments have been
from investing activities increase by £890m as a result. made to the information incorporated into the PFFS where the
Increases in debtors and creditors have been restated to eliminate Council have considered there to be material accounting policy
differences between the existing international financial reporting
balances between the Society and syndicates. Increases in
standards adopted pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as it
insurance contract assets and liabilities of £1,531m and insurance
payables to syndicates and premium receivables of £1,054m have applies in the European Union accounting policies and the
been eliminated. The result is a reduction in the increase in debtors recognition and measurement requirements of UK GAAP.
and creditors of £2,585m respectively. The impact on net cash
flows from operating activities is £nil.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 55

Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
4. Risk management Lloyd’s capital setting process
Governance framework In order to meet Lloyd’s requirements, each syndicate is required
The following governance structure relates to the Society as a to calculate its Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) for the
whole, as the preparer of the PFFS. Individual syndicates will report, prospective underwriting year. This amount must be sufficient
in their syndicate annual accounts, the governance structure to cover a 1 in 200 year loss, reflecting uncertainty in the ultimate
applied to them by their managing agents. run-off of underwriting liabilities (SCR ‘to ultimate’). The SCRs
of each syndicate are subject to review by the Society and approval
An Act of Parliament, the Lloyd’s Act 1982, defines the governance
by the Lloyd’s Capital and Planning Group.
structure and rules under which Lloyd’s operates. Under the Act, the
Council is responsible for the management and supervision of the A syndicate may be comprised of one or more underwriting
market. Lloyd’s is regulated by the Prudential Regulation Authority members of Lloyd’s. Each member is liable for its own share of
(PRA) and Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) under the Financial underwriting liabilities on the syndicate(s) on which it is participating
Services and Markets Act 2000. but not other members’ shares. Accordingly, the capital requirement
that Lloyd’s sets for each member operates on a several basis.
The Council currently has three working, three external and eight Each member’s SCR shall thus be determined by the sum of the
nominated members. The working and external members are member’s share of the syndicate SCR ‘to ultimate’. Where a
elected by Lloyd’s members. The Chairman and Deputy Chairmen
member participates on more than one syndicate, a credit for
are elected annually by the Council from among its members. diversification is provided to reflect the spread of risk, but
All members are approved by the PRA. consistent with determining an SCR that reflects the capital
The Council can discharge some of its functions directly by requirement to cover a 1 in 200 year loss ‘to ultimate’ for that
making decisions and issuing resolutions, requirements, rules member. Over and above this, the Society applies a capital uplift to
and byelaws. Other decisions are delegated to associated the member’s capital requirement to determine the ECA. The
committees. purpose of this uplift, which is a Lloyd’s not a Solvency II
requirement, is to meet Lloyd’s financial strength, licence and
The Council is responsible for the day-to-day management of ratings objectives. The capital uplift applied for 2020 was 35%
the Lloyd’s market. It lays down guidelines for all syndicates and
(2019: 35%) of the member’s SCR ‘to ultimate’.
operates a business planning and monitoring process to safeguard
high standards of underwriting and risk management, thereby Solvency Capital Requirement (Solvency II basis)
improving sustainable profitability and enhancing the financial The SCR represents the amount of capital required to withstand
strength of the market. a 1 in 200 year loss event over a one year horizon. Given Lloyd’s
unique structure there are two SCRs that are monitored under
The principal committees of the Council are the Nominations and
the Solvency II regime:
Governance Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Audit
Committee, the Risk Committee, the Market Supervision and — The Lloyd’s market-wide SCR (MWSCR) is calculated to cover all
Review Committee, the Innovation Investment Committee, of the risks of ‘the association of underwriters known as Lloyd’s’,
the Capacity Transfer Panel, the Investment Committee and ie those arising on syndicate activity, members’ capital provided
the Technology & Transformation Committee. at Lloyd’s and the Society taken together, at a 99.5% confidence
level over a one year time horizon as provided for in Solvency II
Capital management objectives, policies and approach
legislation. All of the capital of the component parts of the market
Capital framework at Lloyd’s
taken together are available to meet the MWSCR; and
The Society is a regulated undertaking and subject to the
— The Lloyd’s central SCR (CSCR) is calculated in respect of only
supervision of the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) under the
the risks facing the Society, including the Central Fund at the
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. Within this supervisory
same confidence level and time horizon used to calculate the
framework, the Society applies capital requirements at member
MWSCR.
level and centrally to ensure that Lloyd’s complies with Solvency II,
and beyond that to meet its own financial strength, licence and
The material risk is that members do not have sufficient funds to
ratings objectives.
meet their underwriting losses even having complied with the
Although, as described below, Lloyd’s capital setting processes use Society’s rigorous capital setting rules.
a capital requirement set at syndicate level as a starting point, the
requirement to meet Solvency II and Lloyd’s capital requirements
apply at an overall and member level only, not at a syndicate level.
Accordingly, the capital requirements in respect of individual
syndicates are not disclosed in these financial statements.
56 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Individual syndicates are also required to calculate a SCR, Details of the major risk components are set out below.
at a 99.5% confidence level over a one year horizon, for each
Insurance risk
underwriting year; this drives the determination of member level
The dominant category of risk faced by Lloyd’s syndicates is
SCRs. Each member’s SCR is derived as the sum of the member’s
insurance risk. This is the risk arising from the inherent uncertainties
share of the syndicate’s one year SCR. Where a member
as to the occurrence, amount and timing of insurance liabilities.
participates on more than one syndicate, a credit for diversification
In practice, insurance risk can be subdivided into:
is provided to reflect the spread of risk.
(i) underwriting risk;
The MWSCR and CSCR are derived from the Lloyd’s Internal Model
(ii) reserving risk;
(LIM), which has been approved by the PRA. Individual syndicates
(iii) credit risk; and
also derive SCRs from their own internal models that are subject
(iv) catastrophe risk.
to approval by the Society’s Capital and Planning Group. The
appropriateness of each syndicate’s internal model, including Underwriting risk
changes thereto and the reasonableness of the key assumptions This includes the risk that a policy will be written for too low a
are assessed as part of the Society’s oversight of the Lloyd’s premium, provide inappropriate cover, or that the frequency or
market. severity of insured events will be higher than expected.
The Lloyd’s Internal Model Underwriting strategy is agreed by the Board of each managing
The LIM is a purpose-built model designed to calculate the MWSCR agent and set out in the syndicate business plan that is submitted
and CSCR as required under Solvency II. It covers all risk types and to the Society for approval each year. Approval of business plans –
all material risks for the aggregation of syndicates as well as for the and setting the capital requirements needed to support these plans
Society, allowing for the unique capital structure of Lloyd’s. The LIM – is the key control the Society uses to manage underwriting risk.
consists of three main components: the Lloyd’s Investment Risk
The Society reviews each syndicate business plan to ensure
Model (LIRM), which simulates economic variables and total assets
it meets Lloyd’s standards and is consistent with the capabilities
returns; the Lloyd’s Catastrophe Model (LCM), which models
of the managing agent. Once a plan is agreed, the Society
catastrophe risk using syndicates’ views of risk; and the Capital
uses performance management data to identify whether each
Calculation Kernel (CCK), which is the main element of the LIM
syndicate’s business performance is progressing in line with the
where all other risks are simulated and all risks are combined.
business plan or that variations are understood and accepted.
Syndicates calculate their own SCR. However, the market-wide
The managing agents’ underwriting controls should ensure that
and central capital requirements are derived from the Society’s
underwriting is aligned with their strategy, agreed business plan
parameterisation at a whole market level to build a view of total
and underwriting policy.
market capital requirements from the ground up using market
level assumptions. The LIM uses a methodology whereby losses Managing agents are expected to have controls in place to ensure
from insurance and other risks are simulated by line of business, that regulatory requirements and the scope of Lloyd’s market
allocated to syndicates and through to members to assess the level licences are clearly understood and that risks are written within
of capital required by the market and centrally to meet 1 in 200 year those requirements.
losses over the one year time horizon.
Managing agents need to have clear processes for pricing business
Syndicates are the source of the majority of risks. They source all and an audit trail to show how pricing will deliver the projected
of the insurance business; manage the bulk of the asset portfolios; results within the approved business plan and how pricing will be
hold the majority of the counterparty exposures; and conduct most managed over the relevant underwriting cycle.
of the day-to-day operational activity. The syndicate risks include:
Reserving risk
insurance risk (underwriting, reserving and catastrophe risk); market
Reserving risk arises where the reserves established in the balance
risk on central assets; market risk on syndicate assets (including
sheet are not adequate to meet eventual claims arising. The level
credit risk on Premiums Trust Funds (PTF)); reinsurance and other
of uncertainty varies significantly across lines of business but
credit risk; and syndicate operational risk. At the central level,
can arise from inadequate reserves for known or incurred but
additional risks arise from central operational risk and pension
not reported (IBNR) claims. These shortfalls can arise from
fund risk.
inadequate reserving processes or from the naturally uncertain
progress of insurance events.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 57

Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
4. Risk management continued
Lloyd’s current level of aggregate market reserves remains robust
and the continued level of overall reserve releases are supported
by underlying claims experience being more favourable than
expected. This will not necessarily translate to all syndicates.
There are currently few specific reserving issues and the main
perceived risks relate to macro influences such as inflation or
changes in legislation, or prescribed levels of payout. The Society
analyses reserve developments at line of business and syndicate
levels quarterly; and briefs the market on issues it considers need
to be taken into account.
Case-specific claim reserves should make financial provision at
reported loss levels, without prejudice to coverage.
Legal advisers’, underwriters’ and loss adjusters’ judgement are
used to set the estimated case reserves.
Reserving processes use a variety of statistical analyses such as
projections of historical loss development patterns, with results
adjusted for expert judgement. Lloyd’s syndicates have significant
exposure to volatile lines of business that carry material inherent
risk that the ultimate claims settlement will vary from previous
assessments of reserves.
Syndicates’ reserves are annually subject to a formal independent
actuarial opinion and are monitored by the Society. The actuarial
opinions are covered by a combination of formal Actuarial
Professional Standards and specific Lloyd’s guidance and rules.
Credit risk
The market’s principal credit risk is that the reinsurance purchased
to protect the syndicates’ gross losses does not respond as
expected. This can occur because the reinsurer is unable to settle
its liabilities. Managing agents are expected to have a clear and
comprehensive plan for the reinsurance of each syndicate. This
takes into account risk appetite for retained insurance risk and the
potential for the accumulation of risk.
The managing agent should monitor and assess the security of, and
exposure to, each reinsurer and intermediary. Reinsurance credit
risk is subject to quarterly review by Lloyd’s.
Catastrophe risk
Catastrophe risk is the risk of loss occurring across all lines of
business from worldwide natural catastrophe events. Managing
agents may use catastrophe modelling software, where appropriate,
to monitor aggregate exposure to catastrophe losses. The Society
has developed a suite of Realistic Disaster Scenarios to measure
syndicate level and aggregate market exposure to both natural
catastrophes and man-made losses. These are monitored
frequently and syndicates supply projected probabilistic
exceedance forecasts for Lloyd’s key exposures with their capital
and business plans. Further enhancements to the monitoring and
oversight of aggregate market catastrophe risk exposure have
been implemented within the approved internal model under
Solvency II.
58 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Lloyd’s MWSCR
The MWSCR is broken down into the various risk components as shown below.
31 December 2020* 31 December 2019
SCR SCR
£m £m
Reserving risk 7,790 7,392
All other (attritional) underwriting risk 8,248 7,422
Catastrophe risk 1,357 1,476
Market risk 2,389 507
Reinsurance credit risk 836 659
Operational risk 893 780
Pension risk 40 10
MWSCR before adjustments 21,553 18,246
Foreign exchange adjustment for movement in H2 2020 (H2 2019) (1,212) (376)
MWSCR 20,341 17,870
* SCR is not subject to audit.
Solvency Capital Requirement coverage
Coverage of the MWSCR and CSCR is an ongoing and continuous requirement and the Society reports the results of its solvency test – ie
the amount of the MWSCR, eligible assets to cover it and the solvency ratio – on a quarterly basis to the PRA. Lloyd’s solvency coverage for
both MWSCR and CSCR are set out below.
Lloyd’s MWSCR
Lloyd’s CSCR
* Represents the position based on the unaudited solvency returns, which may differ from the final audited 2020 submissions.
In addition to the quarterly reporting to the PRA, internal risk appetites have been set to monitor the coverage of the MWSCR and CSCR
as part of the risk management framework in place at Lloyd’s. During 2020, the solvency coverage ratios for both the MWSCR and the
CSCR were in excess of internal risk appetites and regulatory requirements.
— MWSCR: The Society aims to hold market capital sufficient to provide financial security to policyholders and capital efficiency to
members. Members are required to put up funds to meet their ECA, which is set as their SCR (on an ultimate view of risk) plus an uplift of
35%. The Society does not require excess capital to be held above this level and considers that the risk appetite of 125% of SCR gives an
appropriate buffer following diversification benefits. In the event that the capital put up by a member falls below their ECA through losses
incurred or an increase in their risk profile, additional funds must be deposited. If members do not recapitalise, their authority to continue
to trade is restricted to the level of their available capital or ultimately fully withdrawn and they cease trading. Such action would then
reduce their risk and the aggregate MWSCR; and
— CSCR: All policies written at Lloyd’s are supported by central assets managed by the Society, which underpin the financial strength
ratings of the Lloyd’s market and its international licence network. Accordingly, the risk appetite for 200% CSCR coverage reflects the
prudent approach to maintaining adequate central assets to meet a 1 in 200 year event and be in position to continue to write
new business.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 59

Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
4. Risk management continued
MWSCR CSCR
Solvency cover ratios coverage coverage
31 December 2020 147% 209%
31 December 2019 156% 238%
Risk appetite for solvency cover ratio 125% 200%
* Based on the unaudited solvency returns.
Assets eligible for solvency
The assets of the syndicates, members’ FAL and the Society all contribute towards coverage of the MWSCR, after adjustments to value
items in accordance with Solvency II valuation principles. Members’ assets are however not fungible. The Society assets and callable layer,
in the chain of security, are available to cover the CSCR.
The eligibility of assets to cover the SCR under Solvency II is determined by a tiering test. Tier 1 assets are fully available to cover the SCR
while Tier 2 and Tier 3 assets in aggregate can cover up to 50% of the SCR. The majority of the assets available to cover the MWSCR are
Tier 1. A proportion of members' FAL is provided in the form of letters of credit which are classes as Tier 2 assets, restricting their ability to
cover the MWSCR. However, given the total value of these instruments at 31 December 2020 is less than 50% of the SCR, there are no
unrestricted assets. These letters of credit are callable on demand and when called, the proceeds, namely cash, would qualify as Tier 1
assets.
Lloyd’s MWSCR (£m) – reconciliation of assets from a UK GAAP basis to a Solvency II basis
Lloyd’s CSCR (£m) – reconciliation of assets from a UK GAAP basis to a Solvency II basis
* Per 31 December 2020 balance sheet. Other amounts represent the position based on the unaudited solvency returns, which may differ from the final audited 2020 submissions.
60 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Claims development table
The tables below illustrate the development of the estimates of earned ultimate cumulative claims for syndicates in aggregate after the end
of the underwriting year, illustrating how amounts estimated have changed from the first estimates made. Non-sterling balances have been
converted using 2020 year end exchange rates to aid comparability. As these tables are on an underwriting year basis there is an apparent
jump from figures for the end of the underwriting year to one year later as a large proportion of premiums are earned in the year of
account’s second year of development.
The claims development information disclosed has increased from nine years to ten years in 2020.
Gross
2010
and prior
years 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 Total
Underwriting year £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
At end of 9,131 8,206 7,055 7,225 6,980 8,592 16,288 13,404 10,129 11,400
underwriting year
One year later 14,917 13,358 13,308 13,753 14,447 18,765 26,298 24,519 22,337
Two years later 15,027 13,591 13,494 14,609 15,291 20,276 28,157 26,879
Three years later 14,998 13,415 13,182 14,476 16,026 21,000 28,608
Four years later 15,066 13,381 12,972 15,362 16,427 21,201
Five years later 14,920 13,227 13,277 15,536 16,633
Six years later 14,825 13,622 13,469 15,540
Seven years later 15,312 13,879 13,419
Eight years later 15,722 13,841
Nine years later 15,695
Cumulative 14,722 12,596 11,960 13,340 13,111 15,913 20,115 14,871 6,800 1,714
payments
Estimated balance 3,953 973 1,245 1,459 2,200 3,522 5,288 8,493 12,008 15,537 9,686 64,364
to pay
Net
2010
and prior
years 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 Total
Underwriting year £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
At end of 7,369 6,245 5,859 5,854 5,722 6,663 9,418 9,015 7,497 8,187
underwriting year
One year later 11,915 10,652 10,946 11,042 11,494 14,063 16,520 16,813 16,132
Two years later 11,931 10,791 10,968 11,615 12,017 14,928 17,821 18,324
Three years later 11,841 10,637 10,707 11,497 12,395 15,339 18,153
Four years later 11,869 10,465 10,524 11,793 12,403 15,238
Five years later 11,485 10,360 10,609 11,722 12,437
Six years later 11,416 10,510 10,592 11,709
Seven years later 11,619 10,543 10,532
Eight years later 11,741 10,487
Nine years later 11,718
Cumulative 10,999 9,575 9,499 10,190 10,116 11,926 12,734 10,864 5,500 1,233
payments
Estimated balance 2,598 719 912 1,033 1,519 2,321 3,312 5,419 7,460 10,632 6,954 42,879
to pay
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 61

Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
4. Risk management continued
Financial risk
Credit risk
Credit risk is the exposure to loss if a counterparty fails to perform its contractual obligations.
As discussed on page 58, the market’s principal credit risk is that the reinsurance purchased to protect the syndicates’ gross losses does
not respond as expected. Syndicates are also exposed to credit risk in their premium debtors. Credit risk in respect of premium debt is
controlled through broker approval and regular monitoring of premium settlement performance. Syndicates and members are exposed
to credit risks in their investment portfolios. PRA and Lloyd’s investment guidelines are designed to mitigate credit risk by ensuring
diversification of holdings.
The carrying amount of financial assets and reinsurance assets represents the maximum credit risk exposure.
The tables below show the maximum exposure to credit risk for the components of the balance sheet. The maximum exposure is shown
gross, before the effect of mitigation through collateral agreements and the use of credit derivatives.
Neither
past
due nor
impaired Past due Impaired Total
2020 £m £m £m £m
Debt securities 47,764 – – 47,764
Participation in investment pools 2,799 – – 2,799
Loans with credit institutions 5,503 – – 5,503
Deposits with credit institutions 4,185 – – 4,185
Derivative assets 116 – – 116
Other investments 113 – – 113
Reinsurers’ share of claims outstanding 21,492 – (7) 21,485
Cash at bank and in hand, including letters of credit and bank guarantees 10,473 – – 10,473
Total 92,445 – (7) 92,438
Neither
past
due nor
impaired Past due Impaired Total
2019 £m £m £m £m
Debt securities 44,208 – – 44,208
Participation in investment pools 2,484 – – 2,484
Loans with credit institutions 3,780 – – 3,780
Deposits with credit institutions 3,855 – – 3,855
Derivative assets 95 – – 95
Other investments 85 – – 85
Reinsurers’ share of claims outstanding 19,903 – (6) 19,897
Cash at bank and in hand, including letters of credit and bank guarantees 9,631 – – 9,631
Total 84,041 – (6) 84,035
In aggregate there were no financial assets that would be past due, or impaired whose terms have been renegotiated, held by syndicates,
the Society or within FAL in the current or prior period.
In aggregate there were no material debt and fixed income assets held that were past due or impaired beyond their reported fair values,
either for the current or prior periods under review or on a cumulative basis. For the current period and prior period, in aggregate there
were no material defaults on debt securities.
Assets held as collateral comprise cash and debt securities received as collateral against reinsurance assets transferred from
syndicates’ reinsurers.
62 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
The table below provides information regarding the credit risk exposure at 31 December 2020 by classifying assets according to the credit
ratings of the counterparties. AAA is the highest possible rating. Assets that fall outside the range of AAA to BBB are classified as other.
Debtors, other than amounts due from reinsurers, have been excluded from the table as these are not rated. This table is the sum of assets
neither past due nor impaired.
Rated Rated Rated Rated
AAA AA A BBB Other Total
2020 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Debt securities 12,882 11,031 12,696 6,214 4,941 47,764
Participation in investment pools 104 98 63 10 2,524 2,799
Loans with credit institutions 31 43 630 19 4,780 5,503
Deposits with credit institutions 1,823 578 735 290 759 4,185
Derivative assets – 1 3 – 112 116
Other investments 5 2 – – 106 113
Reinsurers’ share of claims outstanding 415 4,797 13,782 288 2,210 21,492
Cash at bank and in hand 902 633 8,713 70 155 10,473
Total credit risk 16,162 17,183 36,622 6,891 15,587 92,445
Rated Rated Rated Rated
AAA AA A BBB Other Total
2019 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Debt securities 12,196 11,154 10,946 5,956 3,956 44,208
Participation in investment pools 89 93 35 6 2,261 2,484
Loans with credit institutions 151 142 152 133 3,202 3,780
Deposits with credit institutions 1,740 487 521 251 856 3,855
Derivative assets – 2 2 – 91 95
Other investments 7 6 – – 72 85
Reinsurers’ share of claims outstanding 521 4,251 12,828 228 2,075 19,903
Cash at bank and in hand 216 1,403 7,388 193 431 9,631
Total credit risk 14,920 17,538 31,872 6,767 12,944 84,041
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk arises where there are insufficient funds to meet liabilities, particularly claims. Managing agents are expected to manage the
cash needs of their syndicates on an ongoing basis and to avoid becoming forced sellers of assets. Generally, syndicates have a high
concentration of liquid assets, namely cash and government securities.
The Society centrally monitors syndicate liquidity and conducts stress tests to monitor the impact on liquidity of significant claims events.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 63

Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
4. Risk management continued
The table below summarises the maturity profile of financial liabilities for the market.
No stated
maturity 0-1 yrs 1-3 yrs 3-5 yrs >5 yrs Total
2020 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Claims outstanding – 21,947 22,617 10,135 9,665 64,364
Derivatives – 43 2 7 1 53
Deposits received from reinsurers 560 119 36 8 4 727
Creditors 1,449 8,827 612 40 162 11,090
Other liabilities 15 98 1 – – 114
Subordinated loan notes – – – 497 298 795
Senior debt – – – – 299 299
Total 2,024 31,034 23,268 10,687 10,429 77,442
No stated
maturity 0-1 yrs 1-3 yrs 3-5 yrs >5 yrs Total
2019 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Claims outstanding 1 19,640 21,026 9,656 9,332 59,655
Derivatives 8 15 4 1 – 28
Deposits received from reinsurers 641 177 47 10 5 880
Creditors 699 8,908 697 55 144 10,503
Other liabilities 13 71 – – – 84
Subordinated loan notes – – – 496 298 794
Senior debt – – – – – –
Total 1,362 28,811 21,774 10,218 9,779 71,944
Market risk – overview
Market risk is the risk of loss, or of adverse change in financial situation resulting from fluctuations in the level of the market prices of
assets and liabilities arising from exposure to economic variables and market forces such as inflation, interest rates and rates of foreign
exchange.
Syndicate assets are held in premium trust funds and are subject to the asset rules contained in the PRA’s handbook and must comply with
Lloyd’s Membership & Underwriting Requirements. Managing agents manage asset risk through their investment strategy.
Oversight of market risk includes the monitoring of Investment Management Minimum Standards. The Society monitors assets across the
full chain of security to ensure the asset disposition of the market and Society remains appropriate, closely monitoring global economic and
market trends.
The potential financial impact of changes in market value is additionally monitored through the capital setting process, and asset mix must
be reported to the Society on a quarterly basis, including credit rating analysis of fixed income portfolios.
Market risk comprises three types of risk:
(a) currency risk;
(b) interest rate risk; and
(c) equity price risk.
64 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Currency risk
Managing agents must identify the main currencies in which each syndicate transacts its business. For the market overall, the US dollar
is the largest currency exposure. Assets are then held in each of those currencies to match the relevant liabilities. Managing agents must
ensure that assets match liabilities and take corrective action where a mismatch arises. The Society also reviews the matching of assets to
liabilities at the syndicate level as well as at the market level. In addition, many members seek to match their capital disposition by currency
against their peak exposures.
The profile of the aggregate of the Lloyd’s market assets and liabilities, categorised by currency at their translated carrying amounts
was as follows:
Sterling US dollar Euro Canadian $ Australian $ Other Total
2020 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
Financial investments 10,816 46,197 2,741 6,036 1,753 1,935 69,478
Reinsurers’ share of technical provisions 4,085 18,134 1,338 949 484 83 25,073
Insurance and reinsurance receivables 2,667 12,884 912 540 395 128 17,526
Cash at bank and in hand 2,627 6,023 737 358 398 330 10,473
Other assets 903 3,981 486 205 127 52 5,754
Total assets 21,098 87,219 6,214 8,088 3,157 2,528 128,304
Technical provisions 15,034 52,601 5,614 4,673 2,229 956 81,107
Insurance and reinsurance payables 1,033 6,172 434 309 179 130 8,257
Other liabilities 3,329 2,147 182 207 54 (125) 5,794
Total liabilities 19,396 60,920 6,230 5,189 2,462 961 95,158
Total capital and reserves 1,702 26,299 (16) 2,899 695 1,567 33,146
Sterling US dollar Euro Canadian $ Australian $ Other Total
2019 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
Financial investments 10,273 42,435 2,687 5,144 1,721 1,302 63,562
Reinsurers’ share of technical provisions 4,089 16,942 1,278 842 334 112 23,597
Insurance and reinsurance receivables 2,813 12,784 754 435 343 141 17,270
Cash at bank and in hand 2,958 5,191 558 333 317 274 9,631
Other assets 847 4,052 481 264 147 27 5,818
Total assets 20,980 81,404 5,758 7,018 2,862 1,856 119,878
Technical provisions 14,871 49,040 5,542 4,251 1,838 1,256 76,798
Insurance and reinsurance payables 1,403 5,836 360 337 131 86 8,153
Other liabilities 2,711 2,039 (1) 226 56 52 5,083
Total liabilities 18,985 56,915 5,901 4,814 2,025 1,394 90,034
Total capital and reserves 1,995 24,489 (143) 2,204 837 462 29,844
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 65

Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
4. Risk management continued
Sensitivity analysis
A 10% strengthening or weakening of the pound sterling against the following currencies at 31 December would have
increased/(decreased) the result before tax and members’ balances for the financial year by the amounts shown below. This analysis
assumes that all other variables, in particular interest rates, remain constant.
Impact on
result Impact on
before members’
tax balances
2020 £m £m
Strengthening of US dollar 462 3,092
Weakening of US dollar (378) (2,530)
Strengthening of euro (42) 2
Weakening of euro 34 (2)
Impact on
result Impact on
before members’
tax balances
2019 £m £m
Strengthening of US dollar 616 2,886
Weakening of US dollar (504) (2,361)
Strengthening of euro (47) (13)
Weakening of euro 38 11
The impact on the result before tax is different to the impact on members’ balance as the calculation of the notional return on members’
funds at Lloyd’s is not affected by currency movements.
Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that the value and future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in interest rates.
Lloyd’s operates a generally conservative investment strategy with material cash and short-dated bonds portfolios, which reduces the
interest rate risk exposure.
The analysis below is performed for reasonably possible movements in interest rates with all other variables held constant, showing the
impact on the result before tax and equity of the effects of changes in interest rates.
Impact on
result Impact on
before members’
tax balances
2020 £m £m
+ 50 basis points (427) (614)
- 50 basis points 410 597
Impact on
result Impact on
before members’
tax balances
2019 £m £m
+ 50 basis points (359) (542)
- 50 basis points 344 527
66 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Equity price risk
Equity price risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market
prices (other than those arising from interest rate risk or currency risk), whether those changes are caused by factors specific to the
individual financial instrument or its issuer, or factors affecting all similar financial instruments traded in the market.
Equity price risk exposure relates to financial assets and financial liabilities whose values will fluctuate as a result of changes in market
prices, principally investment securities.
Such risks are managed by setting and monitoring objectives and constraints on investments, diversification plans and limits on investments
in each sector and market.
In aggregate there is no significant concentration of equity price risk.
The analysis below is performed for reasonably possible movements in market indices on financial instruments with all other variables held
constant, showing the impact on the result before tax due to changes in fair value of financial assets and liabilities (whose fair values are
recorded in the profit and loss account) and members’ balances (that reflects adjustments to the result before tax and changes in fair value
of available for sale financial assets that are equity instruments).
Impact on
result Impact on
before members’
tax balances
2020 £m £m
5% increase in equity markets 99 263
5% decrease in equity markets (99) (263)
Impact on
result Impact on
before members’
tax balances
2019 £m £m
5% increase in equity markets 98 285
5% decrease in equity markets (98) (285)
Concentration risk
The Society closely monitors concentrations of risk across the market and tests risk exposure against clearly defined risk appetites
as established by the Council. Specialist supervisory teams across the Society monitor concentrations across the following areas: region
perils, line of business, geographical location, method of distribution in insurance and investment counterparties, among others.
While syndicates define the type of business that they write, at the market level the Society seeks to avoid an inappropriate concentration
of premium sources, monitoring concentration of business in poorly performing lines, material sources of premium by method of placement
as well as coverholder concentration, which feature in metrics reported quarterly to the Council. Managing agents controlling more than
10% of overall market gross written premium are also subject to Council review. Any reported metrics outside of appetite are reported to
and discussed by the Risk Committee and the Council. Specific and targeted actions can then be agreed, which will be discussed with
specific managing agents or the market as a whole, as appropriate. These actions can vary considerably depending on the nature of the
risk or the line of business impacted, with different levels of the requirements placed on syndicates, which forms part of the Society’s
oversight role of the market.
Further analysis of premiums, claims, expenses and underwriting result by line of business is included within note 9 of the PFFS, with
commentary on the performance of each line of business included on pages 38 to 44. Analysis of premium by geographical region is
included both within note 9 of the PFFS (which details where contracts were concluded) as well as within the Lloyd’s line of business
breakdown by region analysis in the ‘2020 At a Glance’ section at the beginning of the Annual Report. Analysis of capital providers by
source and location is also included in the ‘2020 At a Glance’ section of the Annual Report. Analysis of investments held within the market
is disclosed in note 13 of the PFFS.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 67

Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
4. Risk management continued
Regulatory risk
Regulatory risk is the risk of loss owing to a breach of regulatory requirements or failure to respond to regulatory change. Managing agents
monitor regulatory development to ensure ongoing compliance and any impact on claims reserves. Additionally, given current developments
in the global regulatory landscape, the Society closely monitors changes that may adversely impact the global licence network. The Society
is actively working with the market to assist and adapt to the changes in the UK regulatory architecture, in particular the increased focus
on conduct risk by the FCA; managing agents are now expected to comply with the Lloyd’s Conduct Minimum Standards. Similarly, the
Society monitors global political trends and is taking action at both a market and Society level in response to a growing geopolitical risk
facing companies operating around the world.
Operational risk
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems, or from external events.
Managing agents manage these risks through internal compliance monitoring and the use of detailed procedure manuals. The Society sets
minimum standards to be applied by agents and monitors to ensure these are met.
Group risk
Group risk is the risk of loss resulting from risk events arising within a related entity. While Lloyd’s is not a group, the Society monitors
potential risks that could impact Lloyd’s, for example arising from the activities of a parent company of a syndicate or managing agent.
While, by its nature, group risk is difficult to control, the Society mitigates the potential impact of group risk through the implementation of
controls, including Lloyd’s minimum standards, mitigating any material impairment to Lloyd’s brand, reputation or strategic priorities.
5. Variability
Movements in reserves are based upon best estimates as at 31 December 2020 taking into account all available information as at the
balance sheet date. These estimates are subject to variability until the date at which the underlying claims are settled. Such changes in best
estimate are reflected in the technical account of the year in which they occur. The aggregate of the prior year surpluses/deficiencies is a
net surplus of £461m (2019: surplus of £232m). Surpluses have been reported across all classes of business except casualty reflecting
favourable claims development compared to projections.
6. Members’ funds at Lloyd’s (FAL)
The valuation of members’ FAL in the balance sheet totals £30,959m (2019: £27,595m). The notional investment return on FAL included
in the non-technical profit and loss account totals £949m (2019: £1,657m).
The notional investment return on FAL has been calculated by applying quarterly yields from indices, net of management fees, to the value
of FAL at the beginning of each quarter except where the Society is the investment manager for FAL, in which case the actual return
achieved has been included. A significant proportion of FAL investments are US dollar denominated and, for these assets, US dollar yields
from indices are applied.
The following table shows the indices used and the return applied for the full year.
Proportion Investment
of FAL return
2020 2019 2020 2019
Investment type Index % % % %
UK equities FTSE All share 4.0 4.4 (8.4) 17.4
UK government bonds UK Gilts 1-3 years 5.0 2.9 0.8 0.6
UK corporate bonds UK Corporate 1-3 years 3.7 4.7 1.3 1.0
UK deposits managed by Lloyd’s Return achieved 5.2 4.3 0.3 0.8
UK deposits managed externally including letters of credit GBP LIBID 1 month 7.1 10.1 0.0 0.5
US equities S&P 500 Index 8.0 8.7 16.8 27.9
US government bonds US Treasuries 1-5 years 17.0 16.8 3.9 3.8
US corporate bonds US Corporate 1-5 years 25.3 26.4 5.3 5.9
US deposits managed by Lloyd’s Return achieved 9.7 7.1 0.7 2.3
US deposits managed externally including letters of credit USD LIBID 1 month 15.0 14.6 0.4 2.1
68 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
7. Society of Lloyd’s (the Society)
The results of the Group financial statements of the Society included in the profit and loss account are a profit of £413m (2019: a profit of
£434m) in the technical account and a loss of £373m (2019: a loss of £249m) in the non-technical account.
Other income of £92m (2019: £59m) contains £99m of Society income, offset by £7m of other charges reported by the market. Whilst other
expenses £466m (2019: £472m) is entirely driven by Society results.
8. Aggregation of results and net assets
A reconciliation between the results, statement of other comprehensive income and net assets reported in the syndicate annual accounts,
members’ FAL and by the Society is set out below:
2020 2019
Profit and loss account £m £m
Result per syndicate annual accounts (1,876) 690
Result of the Society 50 137
Taxation charge in the Society financial statements 10 33
Notional investment return on members’ funds at Lloyd’s 949 1,657
Movement in Society income not accrued in syndicate annual accounts (20) 15
Result for the financial year before tax (887) 2,532
2020 2019
Capital and reserves £m £m
Net assets per syndicate annual accounts (276) (209)
Net assets of the Society 3,027 2,601
Elimination of syndicate loans (514) (110)
Members’ funds at Lloyd’s 30,959 27,595
Unpaid cash calls reanalysed from debtors to members’ balances (12) (11)
Society income receivable not accrued in syndicate annual accounts (38) (22)
Total capital and reserves 33,146 29,844
Transactions between syndicates and the Society which have been reported within both the syndicate annual accounts and the Society
financial statements have been eliminated in the PFFS as set out in note 2.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 69

Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
9. Segmental analysis
The syndicate returns to the Society provided additional information to derive the following table in respect of the lines of business
reviewed in the financial highlights.
Gross Net Net Net Under-
written earned incurred operating writing
premiums premium claims expenses result
2020 £m £m £m £m £m
Reinsurance 12,159 8,616 (6,352) (2,920) (656)
Property 9,227 6,605 (5,893) (2,816) (2,104)
Casualty 9,067 6,688 (4,615) (2,761) (688)
Marine, Aviation and Transport 2,976 2,322 (1,172) (911) 239
Energy 1,265 877 (451) (347) 79
Motor 720 719 (410) (261) 48
Life 52 49 (36) (20) (7)
Total from syndicate operations 35,466 25,876 (18,929) (10,036) (3,089)
Transactions between syndicates and the Society (notes 2 and 7) 413 413
and insurance operations of the Society
PFFS premiums and underwriting result 35,466 25,876 (18,929) (9,623) (2,676)
Allocated investment return transferred from the non-technical account 1,042
Balance on the technical account for general business (1,634)
Gross Net Net Net Under-
written earned incurred operating writing
premiums premium claims expenses result
2019 £m £m £m £m £m
Reinsurance 11,418 7,841 (5,566) (2,709) (434)
Property 9,586 6,815 (3,817) (2,986) 12
Casualty 9,459 6,793 (4,177) (3,006) (390)
Marine, Aviation and Transport 2,802 2,343 (1,567) (975) (199)
Energy 1,500 1,008 (580) (401) 27
Motor 1,053 955 (613) (331) 11
Life 87 66 (41) (24) 1
Total from syndicate operations 35,905 25,821 (16,361) (10,432) (972)
Transactions between syndicates and the Society (notes 2 and 7) 434 434
and insurance operations of the Society
PFFS premiums and underwriting result 35,905 25,821 (16,361) (9,998) (538)
Allocated investment return transferred from the non-technical account 1,371
Balance on the technical account for general business 833
The geographical analysis of direct insurance premiums by location where contracts were concluded is as follows:
2020 2019
£m £m
United Kingdom 22,983 25,043
EU member states 2 26
Rest of the World 426 380
Total 23,411 25,449
70 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
10. Life business
The PFFS include the results of all life and non-life syndicates transacting business during 2020. The results and net assets for life
syndicates are not material and have not been separately disclosed in the profit and loss account and balance sheet. The results for life
business are reported in the segmental analysis (note 9).
11. Net operating expenses
2020 2019
£m £m
Acquisition costs 8,439 8,977
Change in deferred acquisition costs 234 138
Administrative expenses 2,177 2,155
Reinsurance commissions and profit participation (1,227) (1,272)
Total 9,623 9,998
Total commissions on direct insurance business accounted for in the year amounted to £5,508m (2019: £6,057m).
12. Investment return
2020 2019
Interest and similar income £m £m
From financial instruments designated as at fair value through profit or loss 1,608 2,433
From available for sale investments 32 36
Dividend income 22 30
Interest on cash at bank 29 52
Other interest and similar income 21 39
Investment expenses (52) (58)
Total 1,660 2,532
Other income from investments designated as at fair value through profit or loss
Realised gains 188 251
Unrealised gains 394 723
Other relevant income 26 31
Total 608 1,005
Total investment return 2,268 3,537
13. Financial investments
2020 2019
£m £m
Shares and other variable yield securities 8,998 9,055
Debt securities and other fixed income securities 47,764 44,208
Participation in investment pools 2,799 2,484
Loans and deposits with credit institutions 9,688 7,635
Other investments 229 180
Total financial investments 69,478 63,562
Disclosures of fair values in accordance with the fair value hierarchy
Fair value measurements have been classified using a fair value hierarchy that reflects the significance of the inputs used in making
the measurements.
The fair value hierarchy includes the following classifications:
— Level 1 – Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets. An active market is one in which transactions for the asset
occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide readily and regularly available quoted prices;
— Level 2 – Inputs to a valuation model other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset, either directly (ie
as prices) or indirectly (derived from prices); and
— Level 3 – Inputs to a valuation model for the asset that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs) and are significant
to the overall fair value measurement. Unobservable inputs may have been used to measure fair value to the extent that observable
inputs are not available, thereby allowing for situations in which there is little, if any, market activity for the asset at the measurement date
(or market information for the inputs to any valuation models). As such, unobservable inputs reflect the assumptions it is considered that
market participants would use in pricing the asset.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 71

Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement is categorised in its entirety is determined on the basis of
the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The significance of an input is assessed against the fair value
measurement in its entirety. If a fair value measurement uses observable inputs that require significant adjustment based on unobservable
inputs, that measurement is a Level 3 measurement. Assessing the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its
entirety requires judgement, considering factors specific to the asset.
Assets
held at
Sub-total amortised
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 fair value cost Total
2020 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Shares and other variable yield securities 4,436 3,775 785 8,996 2 8,998
Debt and other fixed income securities 16,447 31,309 8 47,764 – 47,764
Participation in investment pools 2,500 297 2 2,799 – 2,799
Loans and deposits with credit institutions 6,051 2,979 30 9,060 628 9,688
Other investments 21 99 109 229 – 229
Total assets 29,455 38,459 934 68,848 630 69,478
Derivative liabilities (8) (44) (1) (53) (15) (68)
Total liabilities (8) (44) (1) (53) (15) (68)
Assets
held at
Sub-total amortised
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 fair value cost Total
2019 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Shares and other variable yield securities 4,493 3,836 723 9,052 3 9,055
Debt and other fixed income securities 14,971 29,225 12 44,208 – 44,208
Participation in investment pools 2,297 180 7 2,484 – 2,484
Loans and deposits with credit institutions 4,374 2,745 26 7,145 490 7,635
Other investments 14 92 74 180 – 180
Total assets 26,149 36,078 842 63,069 493 63,562
Derivative liabilities (3) (23) (1) (27) – (27)
Total liabilities (3) (23) (1) (27) – (27)
14. Debtors arising out of direct insurance operations
2020 2019
£m £m
Due within one year 8,718 8,938
Due after one year 78 76
Total 8,796 9,014
15. Debtors arising out of reinsurance operations
2020 2019
£m £m
Due within one year 8,373 7,625
Due after one year 357 631
Total 8,730 8,256
16. Cash at bank and in hand
Cash at bank and in hand includes letters of credit and bank guarantees held in trust within members’ FAL to meet policyholder claims
as required, totalling £6,586m (2019: £6,856m).
72 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
17. Members’ balances
2020 2019
£m £m
Balance at 1 January (242) (1,472)
Result for the year per syndicate annual accounts (1,876) 690
Losses collected in relation to distribution on closure of the 2017 (2016) underwriting year 967 83
Advance distributions from open underwriting years (16) (40)
Cash calls requested (but not yet paid) 510 920
Net movement on funds in syndicate (see note below) 333 (405)
Exchange gains (1) 36
Other (1) (54)
Balance at 31 December (326) (242)
Members participate on syndicates by reference to years of account. Members’ ultimate results, assets and liabilities are assessed by year
of account with reference to policies incepting in that year of account. Members’ balances represent the net profit/(loss) to be
distributed/(collected) by syndicates to/(from) the members. Where there are profits and members’ funds at Lloyd’s held in excess of
members’ capital requirements, they will be distributed in the second quarter of 2021.
Members that only participate on one syndicate may hold the capital supporting their underwriting in their syndicate’s premium trust funds.
These funds are known as funds in syndicate (FIS). At 31 December 2020 there was £5,005m (2019: £4,616m) of FIS within members’
balances. Where a member takes advantage of this facility in the year, the movement is reflected in the above table as ‘net movement
on funds in syndicate’.
18. Technical provisions
(a) Provisions for unearned premiums
Reinsurers’
Gross share Net
2020 £m £m £m
At 1 January 17,143 3,700 13,443
Premiums written in the year 35,466 9,640 25,826
Premiums earned in the year (35,544) (9,668) (25,876)
Exchange movements (322) (84) (238)
At 31 December 16,743 3,588 13,155
Reinsurers’
Gross share Net
2019 £m £m £m
At 1 January 17,868 3,853 14,015
Premiums written in the year 35,905 10,246 25,659
Premiums earned in the year (36,091) (10,270) (25,821)
Exchange movements (539) (129) (410)
At 31 December 17,143 3,700 13,443
(b) Deferred acquisition costs
2020 2019
£m £m
At 1 January 4,404 4,680
Change in deferred acquisition costs (234) (138)
Exchange movements (63) (129)
Other 41 (9)
At 31 December 4,148 4,404
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 73

Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
(c) Claims outstanding
Reinsurers’
Gross share Net
2020 £m £m £m
At 1 January 59,655 19,897 39,758
Claims paid during the year (21,422) (6,506) (14,916)
Claims incurred during the year 27,497 8,568 18,929
Exchange/other movements (1,366) (474) (892)
At 31 December 64,364 21,485 42,879
Reinsurers’
Gross share Net
2019 £m £m £m
At 1 January 60,450 19,541 40,909
Claims paid during the year (22,991) (7,133) (15,858)
Claims incurred during the year 24,074 7,713 16,361
Exchange/other movements (1,878) (224) (1,654)
At 31 December 59,655 19,897 39,758
19. Discounted claims
Discounting may be applied to claims provisions where there are individual claims with structured settlements that have annuity-like
characteristics or for books of business with mean term payment greater than four years. Certain syndicates have elected to discount
their claims provisions.
The claims have been discounted as follows:
Average discounted Average mean term
rates of liabilities
2020 2019 2020 2019
Line of business % % years years
Motor (third party liability) 1.84 1.80 30.14 28.52
Motor (other lines) 3.00 2.98 5.59 5.84
Third party liability 3.44 2.74 21.74 22.66
The period that will elapse before claims are settled is determined using impaired life mortality rates.
The claims provisions before discounting are as follows:
Before discounting Effect of discounting Discounted provision
2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019
£m £m £m £m £m £m
Total claims provisions 1,293 1,353 (309) (338) 984 1,015
Reinsurers’ share of total claims 433 422 (66) (68) 367 354
20. Creditors arising out of direct insurance operations
2020 2019
£m £m
Due within one year 1,410 1,345
Due after one year 13 57
Total 1,423 1,402
74 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
21. Creditors arising out of reinsurance operations
2020 2019
£m £m
Due within one year 6,573 6,392
Due after one year 261 359
Total 6,834 6,751
22. Note to the statement of cash flows
Cash and cash equivalents comprise the following:
2020 2019
£m £m
Cash at bank and in hand 10,473 9,631
Short term deposits with credit institutions 2,513 1,798
Overdrafts (252) (301)
Total 12,734 11,128
Of the cash and cash equivalents, £720m (2019: £320m) is held in regulated bank accounts in overseas jurisdictions.
23. Five year summary
2020 2019 2018 2017 2016
Results £m £m £m £m £m
Gross written premiums 35,466 35,905 35,527 33,591 29,862
Net written premiums 25,826 25,659 25,681 24,869 23,066
Net earned premiums 25,876 25,821 25,178 24,498 22,660
Result attributable to underwriting (2,676) (538) (1,130) (3,421) 468
Result for the year before tax (887) 2,532 (1,001) (2,001) 2,107
Assets employed
Cash and investments 79,951 73,193 71,240 67,902 67,646
Net technical provisions 56,034 53,201 54,924 51,087 49,875
Other net assets 9,229 9,852 11,112 9,952 9,943
Capital and reserves 33,146 29,844 27,428 26,767 27,714
Statistics
Combined ratio (%) 110.3 102.1 104.5 114.0 97.9
Return on capital (%) (2.8) 8.8 (3.7) (7.3) 8.1
24. Related party transactions
The annual accounts of each syndicate provide, where appropriate, the required disclosures on related parties. Syndicate level disclosures
are specific to that syndicate and its managing agent. For 2020, there were no material related party transactions conducted outside
normal market conditions reported in the syndicate annual accounts requiring disclosure. The related party transactions of the Society are
disclosed in note 29 on page 180.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 75

Society Results
76 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Contents
Financial Highlights 78
Corporate Governance 79
Compliance with the UK Corporate 88
Governance Code 2018
Internal Control Statement 91
Report of the Remuneration Committee 93
Report of the Audit Committee 108
Report of the Lloyd’s Members’ Ombudsman 112
Financial Review 113
Statement of the Council’s Responsibilities 120
for the Financial Statements
Independent Auditors’ Report to the Members 121
of the Society of Lloyd’s
Group Income Statement 127
Group Statement of Comprehensive Income 128
Group Statement of Financial Position 129
Group Statement of Changes in Equity 130
Group Statement of Cash Flows 131
Notes to the Financial Statements 132
Five Year Summary 181
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 77

Financial Highlights
2020 2019 2018 2017 2016
£m £m £m £m £m
Operating result
Corporation operating income 384 358 352 351 332
Central Fund income 127 125 149 125 120
Total income 511 483 501 476 452
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred – – – – (8)
Group operating expenses (410) (422) (362) (306) (307)
Operating surplus1 101 61 139 170 137
Finance costs (59) (51) (39) (55) (54)
Finance income2 2 151 93 62 314
Share of profits of associates and joint ventures 12 9 9 10 8
Surplus before tax 56 170 202 187 405
Tax charge (10) (33) (39) (31) (75)
Surplus for the year 46 137 163 156 330
Balance sheet
Net assets 3,023 2,601 2,417 2,188 1,996
Movement in net assets % 16.2% 7.6% 10.5% 9.6% 13.2%
Solvency
Eligible central own funds to meet Central SCR 4,361 3,574 3,494 3,445 3,433
Central SCR (2,085) (1,500) (1,400) (1,600) (1,600)
Excess of eligible central own funds over the Central SCR 2,276 2,074 2,094 1,845 1,833
Solvency coverage ratio % 209% 238% 250% 215% 215%
The solvency ratio is reported under the Solvency II legislative requirements, which came into force on 1 January 2016. The 2020 position is
an estimate of the amount which will be finalised in April 2021 for submission to the PRA. The solvency figures in the table above are
unaudited. Prior year figures are the estimates reported in the prior year Annual Report.
1. The operating surplus is a metric which is consistently used to analyse financial performance in the Society Report. This metric (wherever used in the Annual Report) is an Alternative
Performance Measure (APM), with further information available on page 184.
2. The Society’s investments, mostly held within the Central Fund, returned £2m or less than 1% during the year (2019: £151m, 3.6%). Excluding the impact of a £86m foreign exchange
loss in 2020 (2019: foreign exchange loss of £62m), underlying investment returns generated a positive return of £87m or 2.1% in 2020 (2019: £213m or 5.0%).
78 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Corporate Governance
Council of Lloyd’s
Principal Committees
Nominations
Remuneration Risk Audit
& Governance
Committee Committee Committee
Committee
Other Committees
Market Technology &
Capacity Investment
Supervision & Review Transformation
Transfer Panel Committee
Committee Committee
Special & Charitable Committees
Lloyd’s Lloyd’s
Enforcement Charitable
Board Committee
Advisory bodies
Environmental,
Culture Underwriting
Social & Governance
Advisory Group Advisory Panel
Advisory Group
The Society’s governance structure provides Chief Risk Officer, Chief Human Resources Officer, General
challenge, clarity and accountability Counsel and Company Secretary, and Chief Marketing and
Communications Officer. The Performance Management Director
Please see Committee Structure above.
left the Society on 31 May 2020. A new role of the Chief of Markets
The Council was created and a candidate was appointed in January 2021.
Lloyd’s is regulated by the PRA and FCA, which have direct
The Council is the governing body of the Society of Lloyd’s
supervision of managing agents and monitor capital, solvency and
(‘Society’) and has ultimate responsibility for overall management of
conduct. The Society is active in managing risk within the market to
the market.
ensure that Lloyd’s central assets, brand, licences and reputation
Prior to 1 June 2020, the Council delegated many of its functions to remain protected.
the Board, whose members were appointed by the Council and
A list of the members of the Council can be found at:
came from both within and outside the Lloyd’s market. With effect
https://www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance-and-
from 1 June 2020, following consultation with members of the
management/council-of-lloyds. Details of the Executive Committee
Society and the Lloyd’s market, the Board merged into the Council
can be found at: https://www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance-
and a revised Council was established. From 1 June 2020, all the
and-management/executive-team.
committees of the Board became committees of the revised
Council. The day-to-day powers and functions of the Council are
carried out by the Society’s Executive Committee – the Chief
Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operations Officer,
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 79

Corporate Governance
continued
Governing body: the Council The presence of working and external members of the Council
Under the Lloyd’s Act 1982, the Council undertakes the enables the Nominated members to gain an understanding of the
management and superintendence of the affairs of the Society and views of key stakeholders in the Lloyd’s market.
has the power to regulate and direct the business of insurance at
Pursuant to paragraph 5.27 of the Constitutional Arrangements
Lloyd’s. Certain functions are reserved to the Council, including:
Byelaw (No. 2 of 2010) for a person to serve as a non-executive
— the making, amendment or revocation of byelaws (which are member of the Council for a period of more than nine years in
available at www.lloyds.com/byelaws); aggregate there must have been a three year break after the
completion of their first nine years. No current non-executive
— the setting of Central Fund contribution rates; and
members of the Council have served for more than nine years in
— appointing the Chairman and Deputy Chairmen of the Council. aggregate.
Chairman and Deputy Chairmen
Beyond the reserved functions, the Council can delegate its powers
or functions to any person, committee or employee of the Society. In accordance with the Lloyd’s Act 1982, the Chairman and Deputy
Chairmen of Lloyd’s are elected annually by Special Resolution of
Until 1 June 2020, the Council delegated authority for the day-to- the Council from among its members. If the Chairman is not a
day management of the market to the Board. The Board was able, working member of the Society then at least one of the Deputy
in turn, to sub-delegate authority to the Chief Executive Officer and Chairmen must be. At the date of this report there are two Deputy
through him to the Society’s executive. On 1 June 2020, the Board Chairmen, Andy Haste (Nominated member) and Dominic Christian
dissolved, and the Council resumed responsibility for the day-to-day (working member).
to management of the market. The Council has delegated authority
to carry out specified functions to committees including the The Chairman’s principal responsibility is to create the conditions to
Remuneration and Nominations & Governance Committees and the ensure the overall effectiveness of the Council. The Chairman is
Executives, as summarised below. contracted to work three days a week but commits as much time as
is necessary to undertake the role. The Council acknowledges that
Membership the Chairman has other commitments outside Lloyd’s (see
Following the merger, which took effect on 1 June 2020, the Council https:// www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance-and-
was reconstituted. Some existing Council members were re- management/council-of-lloyds) and is satisfied that these can be
appointed to the Council. Some Board members were appointed to accommodated with the Chairmanship of Lloyd’s. For the purposes
the Council. The Council comprises a maximum of 15 members, split of the Code, the Chairman was considered to be independent upon
between three working, three external, six independent Nominated his appointment.
members and three executive Nominated members. The current
Council membership comprises of 14 members with two executive Andy Haste (a Nominated member) was appointed Senior
members. The incoming Chief of Markets will take up his Independent Deputy Chairman (the Society’s equivalent of the
appointment to the Council when he joins the Society. The senior independent director) with effect from 1 November 2012. Mr
biographical details of the current members of the Council can be Haste will be stepping down from Council after nine years’ service in
found at https://www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance-and- October 2021. The Nominations & Governance Committee is
management/council-of-lloyds. undertaking a search for Mr Haste’s replacement. Please refer to
the Nominations & Governance Committee section for further
Nominated members are usually appointed for three-year terms information.
which can be renewed. They may be regarded, for the purposes of
Meetings
the Code, as independent members of Council, with the exception
of the Chairman and the Executive Directors who are included The Council met on ten occasions in 2020. One of these was a joint
within their number. The independent nominated members are: meeting with the Board. The meetings of the Council are structured
Andy Haste, Fiona Luck, Neil Maidment, Angela Crawford-Ingle, and to allow open discussion. At each meeting the Council receives
John Sununu. Neil Maidment recuses himself from discussions certain regular reports – for example, a written report from the
relating to Beazley, a Lloyd's managing agent, where a conflict of Chief Executive Officer and updates from the principal committees.
interest is identified owing to his deferred bonuses and Private sessions are held regularly by the Chairman at the end of
shareholding following his retirement from that firm in 2018. Council meetings without the Executive members being present.
Working and external members of the Council are elected by the A table showing Council members’ attendance at Council and
working and external members of the Society, generally for terms of Committee meetings which they were eligible to attend is set out on
three years. In the elections for working members, voting operates on pages 86 to 87.
a one member, one vote basis. In the elections for external members, The detailed arrangements for the Society’s governance processes
voting entitlement is based on the member’s allocated underwriting are set out in the Council’s Governance Policies and the
capacity as determined under the Constitutional Arrangements Constitutional Requirements as set out in the Constitutional
Byelaw (No. 2 of 2010). The Society has not adopted the Code Arrangements Byelaw (No. 2 of 2010).
provision that all Council members should be subject to annual re-
election. The composition and appointment/election process for the
Council members are derived from and are in compliance with Lloyd’s
Act 1982. The external and working members of Council are subject
to direct election by the Lloyd’s market. Nominated members are
appointed by a Special Resolution of the Council, which of course
includes those external and working members who have been elected
by the market. Under the Special Resolution procedure separate
majorities are required of (a) the working members of the Council and
(b) the other members of the Council combined.
80 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Governance Policies and Constitutional Requirements in accordance with the strategy, policy and principles set by the
Board.
The Governance Policies
Until 1 June, among other matters, the Governance Policies were Matters reserved to the Board included:
intended to ensure clarity around the role of the Council and to
— setting the policy and principles relating to the supervision,
establish a structured relationship with the Board.
regulation and direction of the business of insurance at Lloyd’s
Following the merger of the Board into the Council, the Governance (the Market Supervision Framework), in compliance with PRA and
Policies were updated and emphasise that the Council is responsible FCA requirements;
for assessing the long-term strategic development of Lloyd’s by — considering and approving Lloyd’s risk appetite (both at Society
reference to the interests of members and other stakeholders and and market level);
through an evaluation of economic, political and social issues
— setting policy for the admission and removal of participants in the
impacting the international insurance and reinsurance markets.
Lloyd’s market;
The Constitutional Requirements
— admitting and removing managing agents;
The Constitutional Requirements, as set out in the Constitutional
Arrangements Byelaw (No. 2 of 2010), align, so far as appropriate,
— determining the Standards for managing agents and approving
the Three-Year and Annual Plan and Budget of the Society; and
the Society’s governance arrangements with the Companies Act
2006. They include provisions concerning the duties and — approving the Lloyd’s Society level capital requirements.
responsibilities of Council members. These same duties also applied
to members of the Board before it was dissolved and apply to the Membership and meetings
members of Council committees. With effect from 31 May 2020, the Board was dissolved.
In summary, members of the Council and their committees are The Board held three scheduled meetings in 2020 including one
required to act in a way which ‘would be most likely to promote the joint meeting with the Council.
success of the Society for the benefit of the members as a whole
Board meetings were structured to allow open discussion. At each
and in accordance with the Objects of the Society’ and must have
scheduled meeting, the Board received certain regular reports – for
regard to:
example, a written report from the Chief Executive Officer.
— the likely consequences of any decision in the long term; and
A table showing Board members’ attendance at Board and
— the needs of the Society: Committee meetings which they were eligible to attend is set out on
— to foster business relations with those who do business at pages 86 and 87.
Lloyd’s;
Main Committees of the Council
— to have regard to the interests of its employees;
Nominations & Governance Committee
— to consider the impact of its operations on the community and
The Nominations & Governance Committee is responsible for
the environment; and
keeping under review the governance arrangements and leadership
— to maintain a reputation for high standards of business conduct. needs of the Society and its subsidiaries. Its functions include
making recommendations to the Council on the appointment of the
The Constitutional Requirements also deal with conflicts of interest Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, new Nominated Council
and collective responsibility. members, key members of the Executive, members of Council
committees and the Secretary to the Council. The Committee is
Board also responsible for succession planning arrangements for these
The Council established the Board as from 1 January 2003. It was positions. The Committee seeks to ensure that the Council and its
merged into the Council with effect from 1 June 2020. committees have a combination of skills, experience and
knowledge. For further information on the skills, experience and
Specific functions delegated to the Board up to 31 May 2020
knowledge of the Council members, please see
included:
https://www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance-and-
— determining the major risks to the Lloyd’s market and determining management/council-of-lloyds.
appropriate action to address or mitigate those risks;
The Committee is chaired by the Chairman of Lloyd’s and its
— determining the key factors, levers and drivers which may affect remaining members are drawn from the Council. As three of the
the profitability of the Lloyd’s market; Committee’s six members are elected representatives of the Lloyd’s
— developing and implementing a strategy to achieve the Society’s market the Committee’s composition does not comply with the
goals; and Code provision that a majority of members of the Committee should
be independent. This composition is consistent with a commitment
— supervising, regulating and directing the business of insurance at
made by the Council to members of the Society and the market in
Lloyd’s.
the consultation process relating to the Board/Council merger and
is designed to ensure appropriate representation of members and
The Board reserved to itself a list of specific functions and powers
the market in relation to key appointments. No executive member of
that only it may deal with. The Board was also able to sub-delegate
the Council is eligible to be a member of the Committee.
authority to the Chief Executive Officer, executive and employees
of the Society save in respect of those functions and powers The Committee meets at least twice annually and otherwise at the
reserved to it, the Council and their committees. discretion of its Chairman or as directed by the Council. The
Committee held five meetings in 2020. A table showing Committee
The Board’s committees, the Chief Executive Officer, the executive,
members’ attendance at Committee meetings is set out on pages
and employees acted in accordance with the Board Limitations and
86 and 87.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 81

Corporate Governance
continued
The Committee reports to the Council on its proceedings after each Succession planning
meeting, and on all matters relating to its duties and powers. A Effective succession plans are in place for key positions and are
written report is submitted to the Council annually. reviewed at least annually by the Committee.
The Committee made the following major recommendations to the To address heightened risk caused by the pandemic, the
Council during 2020: Committee considered and approved emergency succession
arrangements for the Chairman and the CEO and also considered
— to (re-)elect Andy Haste as the Senior Independent Deputy
the future skills, knowledge and experience likely to be needed by
Chairman and Robert Childs and Dominic Christian as Deputy
the Council and the Executive. The Committee’s work on
Chairmen (Robert Childs stepped down from this role on the
succession planning has informed the design of the profiles for the
merger of the Board into the Council on 1 June 2020);
recruitment of new members of the Council and its Committees and
— the selection and appointment of the Nominated members and to the Corporation’s executive team.
members of Council committees following the merger of the
Board into the Council with effect from 1 June 2020; Diversity
The Committee considers candidates on merit and against objective
— to make or renew a number of appointments including:
criteria, taking care that prospective appointees have enough time
— Patricia Jackson – independent Non-Executive Director of the available to devote to the position. The Committee is very focused
Board and Chair of the Risk Committee (for the period on the need for recent and relevant experience in the appointments
1 January 2020 until the merger of the Board into the Council it recommends and is equally focused on increasing the diversity of
on 1 June); the membership of the Council and its committees. Following the
— Mark Cloutier – member of the Nominations & Governance publication of market-wide gender targets in July 2020, and Lloyd’s
Committee (for the period 1 January 2020 until the merger of commitment to set a similar target for ethnicity in Q2 2021, in
the Board into the Council on 1 June 2020); September 2020, on the recommendation of the Committee, the
Council set a new Diversity Policy for Lloyd’s Council. Under this
— Karen Green – member of the Remuneration Committee and
policy a target has been set that by the end of 2023, a minimum of
Chair of the Investment Committee;
33% of the Council should be female and/or from a non-white
— Michael Watson – member of the Audit and Investment background. To comply with this policy, Council has set itself a
Committees; target of:
— Nick Marsh and Tammy Richardson – members of the Market
— a minimum of two of the six elected market representatives and
Supervision and Review Committee;
two of the six independent Nominated members of Council being
— to appoint Andrew Carrier as Chairman of the Lloyd’s female; and
Tercentenary Research Foundation (LTRF) and of Holly
— at least one member of Council will be from a non-white
Hedgeland, Nicola Haines and Susan Kay as Trustees of the
background.
LTRF;
— to appoint Raza Hussan and Ola Jacob Raji as Trustees of the In July 2020, targets were set for the market of: 35% female
Lloyd’s Charities Trust; representation in leadership posts across the market by 31
— to appoint Matthew Wilson and Laurie Davison to the December 2023 (Board, Executive Committee, Executive
Technology & Transformation Committee; and Committee direct reports); at least 20% female representation on
Boards and Executive Committees combined, by 31 December
— to appoint Sheila Cameron as an LMA Nominee Member of the
2023; and a commitment to achieve parity by 2030.
Capacity Transfer Panel.
Remuneration Committee
The Committee’s recommendations were all unanimously supported The Remuneration Committee is responsible for setting
and approved by the Council. remuneration arrangements for the Chairman, Chief Executive
Officer, the Executive Directors and any other direct reports of the
Searches
Chief Executive Officer and any such other members of the
Following the departure of Jon Hancock from his role as
executive management or other persons as it is designated to
Performance Management Director in May 2020, the Committee
consider.
undertook a search for a new Chief of Markets. The Committee was
supported initially by external search consultants, MWM Limited, Non-Executive remuneration is decided by the Council, on
and subsequently by The Sapphire Partnership. Patrick Tiernan was recommendation from the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,
appointed as Chief of Markets on 22 January 2021 and appointed to who may consult the Remuneration Committee as part of that
the Council at its meeting on 4 February 2021. process. The levels of remuneration for each position reflects the
time commitment and responsibilities of each role. Please refer to
The Committee is also undertaking a search for a replacement for
the Remuneration Report for details of the Council remuneration.
Mr Andy Haste, Senior Independent Deputy Chairman, who is due to
step down following the completion of a maximum nine-year term The Remuneration Committee meets at least twice a year and
on the Council in October 2021. The Committee is being assisted in otherwise at the discretion of its Chairman or as directed by the
this search by external search consultants Russell Reynolds Council. The Committee met on eight occasions in 2020. A table
Associates with a brief to find a candidate with the ability to assume showing Committee members’ attendance at Committee meetings
Mr Haste’s SID responsibilities as well as his chairmanship of the is set out on pages 86 and 87. The Committee’s full report is on
Technology & Transformation Committee and also to improve the pages 93 to 107.
diversity of the Council.
None of the external search agents used have any connection to
the Society.
82 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
The Remuneration Committee reports to the Council on its and Council. From 1 June 2020, all of the Committees members
proceedings after each meeting, and on all matters relating to its were drawn from the Council. At the end of 2020, the Audit
duties and powers, and makes recommendations to the Council on Committee comprised of two external members of the Council and
any area within its remit where action or improvement is needed. three Non-Executive Nominated members of the Council (including
the Chair). As two of the Committee’s five members are connected
The Remuneration Committee submits a written report to the
to members of the Lloyd’s market, the Committee’s composition
Council annually.
does not comply with the Code provision that the members of the
The Remuneration Committee is chaired by the Senior Independent Committee should be independent. The Council has chosen not to
Deputy Chairman. The Chairman is a member of the Committee and follow the Code provision on this point, in order to maximise the
its remaining members are drawn from the Council. As three of the pool of skills and experience available to it when appointing the
Committee’s seven members are connected to members of the members of the Committee. No executive member of the Council is
Lloyd’s market, the Committee’s composition does not comply with eligible to be a member of the Committee.
the Code provision that the members of the Committee should be
The Committee met on four occasions in 2020. A table showing
independent. The Council has chosen not to follow the Code
Committee members’ attendance at Committee meetings is set out
provision on this point, in order to maximise the pool of skills and
on pages 86 and 87.
experience available to it when appointing the members of the
Committee. No executive member of the Council is eligible to be a The Audit Committee’s full report is on pages 108 to 111.
member of the Committee.
Risk Committee
Technology & Transformation Committee (‘TTC’) The Risk Committee’s role is to assist the Council in its oversight of
The TTC has a remit covering oversight of the Society’s the identification and control of risks to the objectives of Lloyd’s. In
transformation and innovation strategies, including the Future at carrying out the role, the Committee takes into account the relevant
Lloyd’s programme. work of the Investment Committee, the TTC and the Audit
Committee. The Risk Committee was chaired by Patricia Jackson,
The TTC is chaired by the Senior Independent Deputy Chairman.
an independent non-executive member of the Board until 31 May
The Chairman is a member of the TTC, and its remaining members
2020. The Committee is now chaired by Neil Maidment, an
are: the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, one
independent non-executive member of the Board until 31 May 2020
independent Nominated member of the Council, two former
and of the Council with effect from 1 June 2020 when Board and
independent non-executive members of the Board, the Chief
Council merged. The other members of the Committee are drawn
Executive Officer of the Lloyd’s Market Association and two other
from the Council. Other individuals including the Chief Executive
representatives of the Lloyd’s market.
Officer, Chief Risk Officer and Chief Financial Officer are regular
The Committee submits an annual report to the Council. It also attendees, with others invited to attend all or part of any meeting as
reports to the Council on its proceedings after each meeting. and when deemed appropriate by the Committee or its Chair.
The Committee met on eight occasions in 2020. A table showing The Committee submits an annual report to the Council. It also
the Committee members’ attendance at Committee meetings is set reports to the Council on its proceedings after each meeting.
out on pages 86 and 87.
The Committee met on eight occasions in 2020. A table showing
Audit Committee the Committee members’ attendance at Committee meetings is set
The Audit Committee’s role is to assist the Council in discharging its out on pages 86 and 87.
responsibilities for monitoring the integrity of the Society’s financial
Market Supervision and Review Committee (‘MSARC’)
reporting, assessing the effectiveness of the systems of internal
MSARC takes decisions regarding the exercise of the Society’s
control of the Society and monitoring the effectiveness,
enforcement powers. It also acts as a review body capable, where
independence and objectivity of the internal and external auditors.
appropriate, of amending, modifying or withdrawing certain
The Committee’s functions in 2020 included reviewing Lloyd’s
decisions taken by the executive affecting managing agents. It also
annual and interim financial statements, the syndicate aggregate
acts as the body that determines whether certain decisions can be
accounts and the Lloyd’s Solvency and Financial Condition Report
referred to the Lloyd’s Appeal Tribunal and can also make certain
to the PRA.
business decisions.
The Chief Executive Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Chief Financial
MSARC submits a written report to the Council annually and may
Officer, senior managers, and the external and internal auditors
submit additional reports to inform the Council of any matters of
attend the meetings as appropriate. The Chairman also attends
material concern as and when required.
some meetings by invitation.
The members of MSARC are appointed by the Council and are
Reports from the internal and external auditors on aspects of
neither Council members, nor employees of the Society. MSARC is
internal control are reviewed by the Audit Committee and
chaired by Jo Rickard, a practising lawyer. MSARC met on four
appropriate action taken in response.
occasions in 2020. A table showing MSARC members’ attendance
The Audit Committee submits an annual report to the Council. It also at MSARC meetings is set out on pages 86 and 87.
reports to the Council on its proceedings after each meeting.
Capacity Transfer Panel (the ‘Panel’)
Additional reports are submitted to the Council on matters of material
The Capacity Transfer Panel was established principally to exercise
interest as and when necessary.
the Council’s powers in relation to minority buyouts and mergers.
The Committee is chaired by Angela Crawford-Ingle, an The Panel meets at the discretion of its Chairman.
independent non-executive member (of the Board from 14 January
The Panel submits a written report to the Council annually and may
2020 until 31 May 2020 and of Council with effect from 1 June
submit additional reports on matters of material concern as and
2020 when Board and Council merged). Prior to 1 June 2020, the
when necessary.
Committee’s remaining members were drawn from both the Board
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 83

Corporate Governance
continued
The members of the Panel are appointed by the Council. The Panel Terms of reference and appointment terms
is chaired by the Senior Independent Deputy Chairman, and the There are terms of reference for the Council and their committees
other members of the Panel are neither Council members, nor (including the Audit, Risk, Nominations & Governance and
employees of the Society. The Panel met on two occasions in 2020. Remuneration Committees). There are also terms of reference for
the Chairman, Deputy Chairmen (including the Senior Independent
Investment Committee
Deputy Chairman) and the Chief Executive Officer. The terms of
The Investment Committee sets the investment objectives and
reference provide a clear division of responsibilities between the
parameters of centrally managed assets and is responsible for
leadership of the Council and the Executive leadership of the
reviewing performance against these. In addition, it monitors the
Society. All of the aforementioned terms of reference are available
investment operations of the Treasury and Investment Management
to view on lloyds.com.
department in respect of all funds under its management and
approves all investment counterparties. It may also make more The terms and conditions of appointment of non-executive
general recommendations concerning investment activity at Lloyd’s. members of the Council are available on request from the Secretary
to the Council.
The Investment Committee submits a written report to the Council
annually and may submit additional reports on matters of material Annual General Meeting
concern as and when necessary. The Committee is required to The Council reports to the members of the Society at the Annual
obtain the approval of the Council before making any decisions General Meeting (‘AGM’). A summary business presentation is given
which may materially affect the financial risks applying to the at the AGM by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Society or Lloyd’s market entities. Officer, before the Chairman deals with the business of the meeting.
The members of the Committee are appointed by the Council. The Where a poll is called, voting entitlement at general meetings is
Committee was chaired by the Senior Independent Deputy capacity-based for both external and working members, except at
Chairman until 31 May 2020 and by Albert Benchimol from 1 June to general meetings called on the requisition of members under
30 November 2020. The Committee is now chaired by Karen Green section 6(4) of the Lloyd’s Act 1982 for the purpose of revoking or
with effect from 2 December 2020. The Chief Executive Officer and annulling byelaws, at which each member has one vote. The
Chief Financial Officer are members of the Committee. The Chair resolutions to be considered at general meetings are published on
and one other member are members of the Council. The remaining lloyds.com.
members of the Committee are neither Council members, nor
employees of the Society. Indemnities
The Committee met on seven occasions in 2020. A table showing The Society has given indemnities to a number of its subsidiary
Committee members’ attendance at Committee meetings is set out undertakings, and the directors thereof, in respect of any claims or
on pages 86 and 87. actions which may be brought against them or any future operating
losses incurred by them in connection with the companies’
Culture Advisory Group (‘CAG’)
activities. The Society has also given indemnities to and has agreed
The CAG was established as part of the Society’s response to the
to cover certain specific costs that may be incurred by members of
Market Culture Survey conducted in 2019. The CAG’s role is to
the Council, its committees and directors of certain subsidiaries, the
provide thought leadership, advice and guidance on delivering the
Society’s employees and certain individuals and organisations who
actions agreed by the Council to ensure improvement of the culture
have been asked to carry out or provide services to the Society or
across the Lloyd’s market.
on behalf of, or for the benefit of, its members.
The CAG submits a written report to Council each quarter.
Council and committee assessments
The CAG is chaired by Fiona Luck, an independent Nominated
member of the Council. Its remaining members are: a working In accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code, an
member of Council; the Chief Human Resources Officer; external and independent evaluation of the performance of the
representatives from the Lloyd’s market; and subject matter Council, Audit, Remuneration and Nominations & Governance
experts. The CAG’s members are appointed on behalf of the Committees is undertaken every three years.
Council.
The last external evaluation was undertaken by YSC Consulting and
The Environmental, Social & Governance Advisory Group took place at the end of 2018. The principal conclusion of the
(‘ESG’) assessment was that the governance arrangements were effective
The ESG was established on 2 December 2020. Its first meeting but not efficient. The evaluation identified areas for discussion
was held on 15 December 2020. The ESG’s role is to provide advice including increasing efficiencies between the two governing bodies
to the Council and the Executive to enable environmental, social and the Executive. On 1 June 2020, the merger of Board and
and governance integration for the Lloyd’s market. Council took effect to increase efficiencies in the Society’s
governance structure.
The ESG is chaired by the Chairman of Lloyd’s. The Chief Risk
Officer and Chief Marketing and Communication Officer are In order to obtain an early assessment of the improvements
members of the ESG. The remaining members are: two members of generated by the merger of the Board into the Council the next
Council; a representative of the Corporation; three subject matter external evaluation (due at the end of 2021) was brought forward to
experts; and two representatives of the Lloyd’s market with relevant the first quarter of 2021. The evaluation was conducted by YSC
experience. Consulting in order to enable a direct comparison with the position
at the time of their previous review in 2018/19. The review has been
undertaken through observations by YSC Consulting of the Council
and selected committees and discussions with Council members,
Executive Committee members and other senior leaders of the
Society.
84 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
At the date of this report the conclusions from the YSC follow-up
evaluation are not available. The findings of the YSC evaluation will
be reported at the Society’s AGM in May 2021.
In years where an external evaluation is not undertaken, the
Secretary to the Council conducts an assessment of the Council
and its principal committees based on questionnaires issued to the
members of these bodies.
Individual assessment
The Chairman meets each Non-Executive Director and each
member of the Council once a year to appraise their performance.
The Senior Independent Deputy Chairman also seeks the views of
the Council on the performance of the Chairman and the Executive.
These views are conveyed to the Chairman by the Senior
Independent Deputy Chairman.
Training and induction
All new members of the Council are provided with an induction
programme which includes briefings with senior executive
management and others on Lloyd’s, its operations and the key
current issues. Members of the Council also receive ongoing
briefings from management and external advisers on their duties as
members of Council and on new developments that are relevant to
the business of Lloyd’s.
Independent professional advice
Members of the Council have access to independent professional
advice, if required.
In addition, members of the Council have access to the advice of
the Secretary to the Council, who is responsible for advising the
Council on all governance matters. Both the appointment and
removal of the Secretary to the Council are matters for the Council
as a whole.
Conflicts of interest
A register of interests of members of the Council and their
committees is maintained by the Secretary to the Council and is
available for inspection by members of the Society. On appointment
Non-Executive Directors notify the Secretary to the Council of any
conflicts of interest. Thereafter, there is an ongoing obligation for
Non-Executive Directors to notify the Secretary of Council as to any
conflicts of interest which arise after appointment. Where a conflict
of interest arises the member is recused from the meeting. In
addition, papers for meetings are redacted appropriately.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 85

Corporate Governance
continued
Nominations & Technology & Capacity
The Governance Remuneration Audit Risk Transformation Investment Transfer
Council1 Board1 Committee Committee Committee Committee Committee Committee MSARC2 Panel
Chairman of the
Council of Lloyd’s
Bruce Carnegie- 10/10 3/3 5/5 7/8 8/8
Brown3
Executive Directors of
the Council
Jon Hancock4 3/3
Burkhard Keese5 8/8 3/3 7/7
John Neal6 10/10 3/3 8/8 5/7
Non-Executive
Council members
Working members
Andrew Brooks7 10/10 5/5
Dominic Christian8 9/10 5/5 7/8
Vicky Carter9 10/10 5/5 5/5
External members
Albert Benchimol10 9/9 2/2 3/3
Jeffery Barratt11 10/10 3/3 2/2
Robert Childs12 2/2 2/2
Karen Green13 10/10 7/8 7/8 2/3
Dominick Hoare14 9/10
Michael Watson15 9/10 4/5 4/4
Nominated members
Angela Crawford- 8/8 3/3 4/4 5/5
Ingle16
Andy Haste17 10/10 5/5 8/8 8/8 4/4 2/2
Neil Maidment18 8/8 3/3 2/2 8/8 8/8
Christian Noyer19 2/2
Fiona Luck20 7/8 3/3 5/5 7/8 8/8
John Sununu21 9/10 5/5 0/0
Non-Executive
Franchise Board
members
Mark Cloutier22 3/3 0/5 1/2
Charles Franks23 2/3 2/3
Patricia Jackson24 3/3 2/2 3/3
Richard Keers25 0/0
Other Non-Executive
Committee members
Mark Allan 6/7
Richard Boys-Stones 1/2
Mike Bracken26 3/3 8/8
Laurie Davison27 2/2
Lady Rona Delves 2/2
Broughton
Sheila Cameron28 8/8 1/1
Margaret Chamberlain 2/2
Julian James 4/4
David Gittings29 0/0
Paul Greensmith30 2/2
Sir Mark Havelock- 4/4
Allan
86 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Nominations & Technology & Capacity
The Governance Remuneration Audit Risk Transformation Investment Transfer
Council1 Board1 Committee Committee Committee Committee Committee Committee MSARC2 Panel
Nigel Hinshelwood31 0/3 1/3 7/8
Alan Lovell 2/2
Nick Marsh32 2/4
Philip Matthews 7/7
Reeken Patel 6/7
Tammy Richardson33 4/4
Jo Rickard 4/4
Sacha Sadan 7/7
Paul Swain 1/2
Matthew Wilson34 5/5
Other Executive
Committee Members
Jennifer Rigby35 8/8
Notes
1. The Board merged into the Council with effect from 1 June 2020.
2. Market Supervision and Review Committee.
3. Bruce Carnegie-Brown was appointed as a member of the Technology & Transformation Committee with effect from 20 February 2020. Mr Carnegie-Brown ceased as Chair of the
Board on its dissolution on 31 May 2020.
4. Jon Hancock ceased as the Performance Management Director of Lloyd’s and as a member of the Board with effect from 31 May 2020.
5. Burkhard Keese was appointed as a member of the Council with effect from 1 June 2020. Mr Keese ceased as a member of the Board on its dissolution on 31 May 2020.
6. John Neal was appointed as a member of the Technology & Transformation Committee with effect from 20 February 2020. Mr Neal ceased as a member of the Board on its
dissolution on 31 May 2020.
7. Andrew Brooks was appointed as a member of the Risk Committee with effect from 1 June 2020. Mr Brooks was re-elected as a member of the Council following Council elections
with effect from 1 December 2020.
8. Dominic Christian was appointed as a member of the Remuneration Committee with effect from 1 January 2020 and was elected as a Deputy Chairman of Lloyd’s with effect from
5 February 2020. Mr Christian was re-elected as a member of the Council following Council elections with effect from 1 December 2020.
9. Vicky Carter was appointed as a member of the Risk Committee with effect from 1 June 2020. Ms Carter was re-elected as a member of the Council following Council elections with
effect from 1 December 2020.
10. Albert Benchimol was appointed as Chair of the Investment Committee and a member of the Audit Committee with effect from 1 June 2020. Mr Benchimol ceased as a member of the
Council, the Chair of the Investment Committee and a member of the Audit Committee with effect from 30 November 2020 following the Council elections.
11. Jeffery Barratt was appointed as a member of the Nominations & Governance Committee and a member of the Audit Committee with effect from 1 June 2020. Mr Barratt was re-
elected as a member of the Council following Council elections with effect from 1 December 2020.
12. Robert Childs ceased as a member of the Council and a member of the Nominations & Governance Committee with effect from 31 May 2020.
13. Karen Green ceased as a member of the Council with effect from 31 May 2020. Ms Green was appointed as a Special Adviser to the Council and attended meetings in that capacity
with effect from 1 June 2020. Ms Green was re-elected as a member of the Council following the Council elections with effect from 1 December 2020. Ms Green was appointed as
Chair of the Investment Committee with effect from 2 December 2020.
14. Dominick Hoare ceased as a member of the Council with effect from 31 May 2020 and was appointed as a Special Adviser to the Council and attended meetings in that capacity with
effect from 1 June 2020. Mr Hoare ceased as a Special Adviser to the Council with effect from 30 November 2020.
15. Michael Watson was appointed as a member of the Remuneration Committee with effect from 1 June 2020 and as a member of the Investment Committee with effect from
2 December 2020.
16. Angela Crawford-Ingle was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Board with effect from 1 January 2020 and as Chair of the Audit Committee with effect from
14 January 2020. Ms Crawford-Ingle ceased as a member of the Board on its dissolution on 31 May 2020. Ms Crawford-Ingle was appointed as a member of the Council and a
member of the Risk Committee with effect from 1 June 2020.
17. Andy Haste was appointed as Chair of the Technology & Transformation Committee with effect from 20 February 2020. Mr Haste ceased as Chair of the Investment Committee with
effect from 31 May 2020.
18. Neil Maidment was appointed as member of the Technology & Transformation Committee with effect from 20 February 2020 and as Chair of the Risk Committee with effect from
1 June 2020. Mr Maidment ceased as a member of the Board on its dissolution on 31 May 2020 and was appointed as a member of the Council and a member of the Audit Committee
with effect from 1 June 2020.
19. Christian Noyer ceased as a member of the Council with effect from 31 May 2020.
20. Fiona Luck ceased as a member of the Board on its dissolution on 31 May 2020 and was appointed as a member of the Council with effect from 1 June 2020.
21. John Sununu was appointed as a member of the Remuneration Committee with effect from 1 June 2020 and as a member of the Audit Committee with effect from 2 December 2020.
22. Mark Cloutier ceased as a member of the Board, a member of the Nominations & Governance Committee and a member of the Audit Committee with effect from 31 May 2020.
23. Charles Franks ceased as a member of the Board and a member of the Risk Committee with effect from 31 May 2020.
24. Patricia Jackson ceased as Chair of the Risk Committee and as a member of the Board and a member of the Audit Committee with effect from 31 May 2020.
25. Richard Keers ceased as Chair of the Audit Committee with effect from 14 January 2020.
26. Mike Bracken was appointed to the Technology & Transformation Committee with effect from 20 February 2020. Mr Bracken ceased as a member of the Board and a member of the
Technology & Transformation Committee with effect from 31 May 2020. Mr Bracken was appointed as a Special Adviser to the Technology & Transformation Committee with effect
from 1 June 2020.
27. Laurie Davison was appointed to the Technology & Transformation Committee with effect from 15 October 2020.
28. Sheila Cameron was appointed as a member of the Technology & Transformation Committee with effect from 20 February 2020 and as a member of the Capacity Transfer Panel with
effect from 2 December 2020.
29. David Gittings ceased as a member of the Capacity Transfer Panel with effect from 31 May 2020.
30. Paul Greensmith was appointed to the Technology & Transformation Committee with effect from 20 February 2020 and ceased as a member of the Committee with effect from
21 April 2020.
31. Nigel Hinshelwood was appointed as a member of the Technology & Transformation Committee with effect from 20 February 2020. Mr Hinshelwood ceased as a member of the
Board, a member of the Risk Committee and Technology & Transformation Committee with effect from 31 May 2020. Mr Hinshelwood was appointed as a Special Adviser to the
Technology and Transformation Committee with effect from 1 June 2020.
32. Nick Marsh recused himself from the MSARC meetings held on 12 August 2020 and 11 November 2020 due to conflict of interests.
33. Tammy Richardson was appointed as a member of the MSARC with effect from 1 February 2020.
34. Matthew Wilson was appointed to the Technology & Transformation Committee with effect from 16 June 2020.
35. Jennifer Rigby was appointed as a member of the Technology & Transformation Committee with effect from 20 February 2020.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 87

Compliance with the UK
Corporate Governance Code 2018
The Council is committed to the principle of good corporate reports provided by each committee to the Council after each
governance and supports the application of the principles of the UK meeting.
Corporate Governance Code
d) The AGM is an annual opportunity for Council members and the
(https://www.frc.org.uk/directors/corporate-governance-and-
Executive to engage with members of the Society. Effective
stewardship/uk-corporate-governance-code) (‘the Code’).
engagement has also been achieved through the inclusion of
The Code requires disclosure of how the provisions of the Code market members including representatives of market
have been complied with and an explanation of any divergences. An associations on Council committees and advisory groups
internal assessment has been undertaken and is set out below. (including the TTC, the CAG, ESG Advisory Group and the
Underwriting Advisory Panel) and through market-wide
Except where expressly stated below, the Society has complied
consultations on several projects undertaken in 2020, including
throughout the reporting period with the Code insofar as its
(but not limited to) development of Blueprint Two and the
provisions can be applied to the governance of a society of
Council/Board merger. For further information, please refer
members and a market of separate and competing entities. Please
to the ‘AGM’ paragraph and the Strategic Report at pages 84
refer to the Strategic Report, the Remuneration Report and the
and 8.
Corporate Governance Report for further information.
e) The functions of the Audit Committee include ensuring that
1. Board Leadership and Company Purpose
appropriate arrangements are in place by which employees
The Principles: may, in confidence, raise concerns relating to possible
a) The Council is the governing body of the Society. Section 3(1) of
impropriety relating to the Society, in matters of financial
Lloyd’s Act 1982 provides that ‘There shall be a Council of
reporting or other matters.
Lloyd’s’. The Society’s governance structure is contained within
this report. For further information please see the ‘Governing Training is provided annually to the Council and to all
body: the Council’ and the ‘Constitutional Requirements’ Corporation employees to support the embedding of these
paragraphs within the Corporate Governance section and the arrangements. For further information on the Audit Committee,
Society’s s.172 Statement (pages 80, 81 and 28). please refer to the Audit Committee Report at page 108.
b) The Society’s Purpose is ‘sharing risk to create a braver world’. 2. Division of Responsibilities
In November 2020, with the full support of the Council, the The Principles:
Society published its second Blueprint, which sets out the f) The Chairman’s role and responsibilities are defined by the
delivery plan for the next phase of its strategy to build the most Lloyd’s Act 1982, the Constitutional Arrangements Byelaw and
advanced marketplace in the world. In January 2020, the the terms of reference for the Chairman and Deputy Chairmen,
Council established an independent Culture Advisory Group all of which are published on Lloyds.com. The Chairman leads
(‘CAG’) as part of a comprehensive action plan to drive long- the Council and is responsible for its overall effectiveness in
term culture change in the market. Throughout 2020 culture directing the Society. Please see the 'Chairman and Deputy
has formed a key section of the agenda at each Council Chairmen' and 'Membership' and 'Meetings' and 'Individual
meeting, with reports provided on the work of the CAG and of Assessment' paragraphs at pages 80 and 85 for further
the alignment of the Future at Lloyd’s strategy to the Society’s information.
culture.
g) The composition of the Council is prescribed by the Lloyd’s Act
The Society also has a formal workforce advisory panel, the 1982 and the Constitutional Arrangements Byelaw. Please refer
Employee Engagement Group (‘EEG’), comprising of one to the Council ‘Membership’ paragraph at page 80 for
executive sponsor (the Chief Human Resources Officer) and information on the current Council membership. The Council’s
representatives from the Society’s workforce. The EEG collates composition ensures that no one individual or a small group of
and discusses the views of the workforce in relation to the individuals dominate the Council’s decision making. Please refer
Society as an employer and communicates those views to the to the ‘Nominations & Governance Committee’ and the ‘Terms
executive. It also comments on policy development and change of reference and appointment terms’ paragraphs at pages 81 to
initiatives at the Society, the latter in conjunction with a network 82 and page 84 for further clarification as to how this principle
of change champions from across the workforce. is observed.
For further information, please see the ‘Culture Advisory Group’ h) The Nominations & Governance Committee takes care that
paragraph within the Corporate Governance report and the prospective appointees have enough time available to devote to
Strategic Report at pages 84 and 8. the positions they are being considered for. In support of this,
please refer to the attendance records at pages 86 to 87.
c) Under the Society’s Terms of Reference certain functions are
reserved to the Council (for further information please see ‘the A Conflict of Interest register is maintained by the Secretary to
Governing body: the Council’ paragraph at page 80). The the Council (please refer to the ‘Conflicts of Interest’ heading at
Council has delegated authority to carry out specified functions page 85 for more information).
to its committees, including the Audit and Risk Committees. For
Non-Executive Directors have the opportunity to provide
further information, please refer to the committee headings at
constructive challenge, strategic guidance, specialist advice and
page 83.
hold management to account. This is enabled through the
A framework of established controls is in place and is outlined in attendance of the Executive at Council meetings; by the
the Internal Control Statement and the report of the Audit feedback sought from Non-Executive Directors on the
Committee, (please see pages 91 and 108). Furthermore, operation and dynamics of the Council as part of the annual
appropriate collaboration has been established between the governance effectiveness review; and through the Chairman’s
Audit and Risk Committees with the Chair of the Audit ongoing dialogue with the Non-Executive Directors. Please refer
Committee being a member of the Risk Committee and vice to the Corporate Governance Report for further information.
versa and between the Council and the committees through the
88 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
i) The Council and its committees are supported by processes The Provisions:
and resources, including (but not limited to) the Terms of Provision 17: The Society complies save that a majority of the
Reference, the Governance Policies, the Guide to Committee members of the Nominations & Governance Committee are not
Members, all of which were refreshed during 2020 following the independent. Three of the six members of the Nominations &
Board/Council merger, and by annual evaluations (which are Governance Committee are elected representatives of the
conducted by an independent external party every three years). market. This composition is consistent with a commitment made
For further information, please refer to the paragraphs ‘Terms by the Council to members of the Society and the market in the
of reference and appointment terms’ and ‘Council and consultation process relating to the Board/Council merger and
committee assessments’ at page 84. is designed to ensure appropriate representation of members
and the market in relation to key appointments. No executive
The Provisions:
member of the Council is eligible to be a member of the
Provision 11: The Council comprises six independent Nominated
members, six elected market representatives and three Committee.
executive directors. The majority is non-executive, however the Provision 18: Council members are not subject to annual re-
elected market representatives, which are required by Lloyd’s election. The composition and appointment/election processes
Act 1982, are not considered to be independent. The departure for Council members are prescribed by the Lloyd’s Act 1982. In
from the Code is appropriate as the composition of the Council accordance with that Act; (i) the external and working members
is tailored to the Society and the Lloyd’s market, having resulted of Council are subject to direct election by the Lloyd’s market;
from an extensive consultation with members of the Society, (ii) Nominated members are appointed by a Special Resolution
market participants and associations, and the Society’s of the Council (which of course includes those external and
regulators during 2019, and meets the requirements of Lloyd’s working members who have been elected by the market). Under
Act 1982 (which do not apply to other companies). the Special Resolution procedure separate majorities are
required of (a) the working members of Council and (b) the
Provision 15: The Society complies save that approval for
additional Non-Executive appointments to be undertaken by other members of Council combined. This procedure, and the
commitment made in relation to the composition of the
existing Council members requires the approval of the
Nominations & Governance Committee (see above) ensures
Chairman and/or Secretary to the Council rather than the
sufficient representation of the members of the Society and the
Council as a whole.
market in relation to key appointments.
3. Composition, Succession and Evaluation
4. Audit, Risk and Internal Control
The Principles:
j) Appointments to the Council are subject to formal, rigorous and The Principles:
transparent procedures led by the Nominations & Governance m) The Society has formal and transparent policies and
Committee, which considers candidates based on merit and procedures in place to ensure the independence and
objective criteria. effectiveness of internal and external audit functions and to
satisfy itself on the integrity of financial and narrative
Effective succession plans are in place for key positions, please statements. The Council is supported by and has delegated
refer to the Nominations & Governance Committee paragraph authority to carry out specified functions to the Audit
at page 81 for further information. Please also refer to the Committee and Risk Committee. For information as to the Audit
Council ‘Membership’ and ‘Governing body: the Council’ Committee’s and Risk Committee’s roles, please refer to the
paragraphs at page 80 and the Council biographies which can committee headings at page 83 and the ‘Report of the Audit
be found at https://www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance- Committee’ at page 108.
and-management/council-of-lloyds, for a note of the current
membership of the Council. n) The Society presents a fair, balanced and understandable
assessment of the Society’s position and prospects. Please
The Society’s success is integrally linked to the diverse refer to the Audit Committee’s statement under the paragraph
composition of its people and the promotion of an inclusive ‘Financial reporting and external audit’ at page 110.
culture. Please refer to the ‘Diversity’ paragraph within the
Nominations & Governance Committee section of the Corporate o) The Council, with the support of the Risk Committee and Audit
Governance report at page 82. Committee has established procedures to manage risk, oversee
the internal control framework, and determine the nature and
k) The Council and its committees have a combination of skills, extent of the principal risks the Society is willing to take in order
experience and knowledge which is kept under annual review by to achieve its long-term strategic objectives. For further
the Nominations & Governance Committee. Limits on the length information on the framework and procedures in place, please
of service on Council apply. For further information on Council refer to the ‘Internal Control Statement’ at page 91, the ‘Internal
membership and how it is refreshed, please refer to the Control’ paragraph within the Audit Committee report at page
‘Membership’ section under the ‘Governing body: the Council’ at 110 and the Risk Committee paragraph within the Corporate
page 80. Please also refer to the Council biographies which can Governance section of the report at page 83. Please refer to
be found at https://www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance- the Strategic Report at page 8 for the Society’s long-term
and-management/council-of-lloyds. strategic objectives.
l) Please refer to the ‘Council and committee assessments’ and
‘Individual assessments’ at pages 84 and 85 for further details.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 89

Compliance with the UK
Corporate Governance Code 2018
continued
The Provisions: Provision 38: Workforce arrangements are carefully considered.
Provision 24: The Society complies save that the Audit Please refer to the ‘Wider Corporation Employees’ paragraph
Committee is comprised of both independent Nominated within the Remuneration Report at page 94. The pension
members and elected market representatives. Please refer to consequences and associated costs of basic salary increases
the ‘Audit Committee’ paragraph and the Audit Committee and any other changes in pensionable remuneration, or
report at pages 83 and 108 and the Council biographies which contribution rates are not relevant; all employees including
can be found at https://www.lloyds.com/about- Directors have access to the same pension arrangements that
lloyds/governance-and-management/council-of-lloyds. do not vary by age.
The Audit Committee’s composition is deemed appropriate Provision 41: The Society complies with Provision 41 except
notwithstanding its departure from the Code. Council has done where set out below:
this to maximise the pool of skills and experience available to it
— Council approves the Remuneration Policy rather than any
when appointing the members of the Committee.
Shareholders because the Society does not have
5. Remuneration Shareholders. Elected representatives sit on Council and
The Principles: therefore engagement is undertaken with external
p) The Remuneration Committee reviews and recommends the stakeholders when Remuneration discussions come before
framework and policy for the remuneration of the Chairman of Council;
Lloyd’s, the Chief Executive Officer, the Executive Directors,
— Pay ratios are not contained within the Remuneration Report.
any other direct reports of the Chief Executive Officer and such
The approach on gender and ethnicity pay gap is explained in
other members of the executive management or other persons
the Remuneration Committee's Chair Statement;
as appropriate, to the Council (including Solvency II employees).
The framework and policy support strategy and the long-term — A description (with examples) of how the Remuneration
sustainable success of the Society. Please refer to the Committee has addressed the factors in Provision 40 are not
Remuneration report at 93 for further detail. incorporated in the Remuneration Report under the specific
headings identified. The Remuneration Report contains clear
The Society’s Remuneration Policy seeks to reward individuals and concise information, and to include descriptions following
who contribute to the success of the Corporation and the
specific wording from Provision 40 could potentially duplicate
Lloyd’s market. Please refer to the Remuneration report at
and dilute the information contained within the report.
page 93 for a summary of the principles that underpin the
Sufficient information is contained overall within the
Remuneration Policy. The principles align to the Society’s
Remuneration Report to give external stakeholders a good
purpose and values, and the successful delivery of the Society’s
understanding on how executive director remuneration policy
long-term strategy.
and practices are determined; and
q) The procedure for developing policy on Executive, Director and — The extent to which discretion has been applied to
Senior management remuneration is established and remuneration outcomes and the reasons why are not
transparent. This is demonstrated by the Remuneration Policy in disclosed. The Remuneration Report explains that a
place which is described within the Remuneration report at discretionary risk underpin is applied to remuneration
page 93. Directors are not involved in deciding their own
considerations and sets out if a downward risk underpin has
remuneration outcome. Please refer to the Remuneration
been applied when such a decision is made. The
Committee’s Terms of Reference.
Remuneration report also details the circumstances where
r) Part 3 of the Constitutional Arrangements Byelaw (No. 2 of the Committee retains the discretion to clawback awards. In
2010) requires the Society’s Directors to exercise independent accordance with Part 3 of the Constitutional Arrangements
judgement and the Remuneration Committee’s Terms of Byelaw (No. 2 of 2010), the Society's Directors are required to
Reference and Remuneration Policy provide further direction on exercise independent judgement and act in good faith to
the circumstances that must be considered when authorising promote the success of the Society having regard to a
remuneration outcomes. Please refer to the Remuneration number of factors, including (but not limited to) the likely
Committee’s Terms of Reference and the Remuneration report consequences of the decision in the long term and the need
at 93. for the Society to have regard to the interests of its
employees. Therefore, it is not considered appropriate to
The Provisions:
incorporate the extent to which discretion has been applied
Provision 32: The Society complies save that the Remuneration
to the remuneration outcomes and the reasons why, within
Committee is comprised of both independent Non-Executive
the Remuneration Report over and above that already
Directors and elected market representatives. Please refer to
covered.
the ‘Remuneration Committee’ paragraph under the Corporate
Governance section at page 82 and the Council biographies
which can be found at https://www.lloyds.com/about-
lloyds/governance-and-management/council-of-lloyds.
The Remuneration Committee’s composition is deemed
appropriate notwithstanding its departure from the Code.
Council has done this to maximise the pool of skills and
experience available to it when appointing the members of
the Committee.
90 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Internal Control Statement
The Council has responsibility for the Society’s system of internal not hold a SMF) are aware of their role and responsibilities, as
control and for reviewing its effectiveness. The Audit Committee agreed with their line manager.
monitors and reviews the effectiveness of the system of internal
The Society is committed to the highest standards of business
control, providing biannual reports to the Council. The Executive
conduct. Corporate policies and procedures are available to
Committee is responsible for the implementation and maintenance
employees and include the Code of Conduct, Compliance policies,
of the internal control system and for instilling a strong internal
Employee Handbook, Occupational Health & Safety Policy,
control environment across the Society.
Information Security Policy and Acceptable Use Policy,
The internal control system provides the foundation for the safe and Procurement Policy, Financial Crime Policy, Risk Management
sound operation of the business, ensuring compliance with relevant policies, Financial policies, and authorisation limits.
laws and regulations and the safeguarding of assets. The system is
The Society maintains an independent and objective Internal Audit
designed to reduce, rather than eliminate, the risk of failure to
function that reports functionally to the Chair of the Audit
achieve business objectives and can only provide reasonable but
Committee and administratively to the Chief Executive Officer. The
not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.
Head of Internal Audit is supported by two internal senior managers,
Central to the internal control system is the ‘three lines of defence’
an In-house team of Internal Auditors, and Deloitte LLP (‘Deloitte’),
model. Each person at the Society is part of the ‘three lines of
who provide additional skills and resources as required under a co-
defence’, which protects the Society and its employees.
source arrangement. The Head of Internal Audit was appointed with
— First Line – Front line business functions: responsible for the effect from 1 March 2020.
operation of the business; and owning the risk of carrying out our
responsibilities correctly; Identification and evaluation
— Second Line – Financial Crime, Compliance and Risk of business risks
Management: specialised and independent functions responsible The Risk Management Framework (the Framework) ensures the
for oversight: Ensuring business is conducted correctly; and identification, assessment, monitoring and management of all
— Third Line – Internal Audit: an independent assurance function material risks affecting the Society takes place on an ongoing basis.
responsible for reviewing that business is conducted in
The Framework includes a number of risk assessment techniques,
accordance with relevant processes and controls.
which are tailored to specific risk areas and these are discussed in
further detail in the Strategic Report on page 8.
In accordance with the guidance of the UK Corporate Governance
Code on internal control and Solvency II requirements, there is an The risk governance structure, which includes the Risk Committee,
established, ongoing process for identifying, evaluating, and provides clear independent challenge to the risk takers within the
managing significant business, operational, financial, compliance Society and enables tailored risk management operating models,
and other risks. The Society has a Whistleblowing Policy whereby rather than a one-size-fits-all platform.
any staff member, consultant or contracted worker may take up
The Risk Committee oversees, challenges and where appropriate
matters that concern them through a dedicated external
escalates issues using management information from the Risk
independent helpline, an internal dedicated mailbox or via the
Management and Internal Control Frameworks, including various
Whistleblowers’ Champion who is a Non-Executive Council member.
risk and control assessments, details of the operating and
The Compliance function test the global Whistleblowing helpline
regulatory environment and capital management reports. The risk
channels on a regular basis and the global Policy is reviewed and
governance structure is reviewed on a regular basis to ensure it
updated on an annual basis. Global mandatory training (with the
remains fit for purpose.
exception of European staff) is updated and deployed each year to
maintain staff awareness of the identification of whistleblowing A key objective of the Society’s risk governance structure is to
concerns and how to speak up using the available channels. provide assurance to the Council that risks facing the Society are
identified and managed in accordance with the approved policies
Associate and joint venture companies, Ins-sure Holdings Limited,
and risk appetite. The Risk Appetite Framework articulates the level
Xchanging Claims Services Limited, Platform Placing Limited and
of risk believed to be acceptable and desirable for the Society
London Market Operations and Strategic Sourcing Limited, are not
through a series of risk appetite metrics. These are monitored on an
considered part of the Group for the purposes of applying the UK
ongoing basis by both the business areas responsible for each risk
Corporate Governance Code.
area and the Risk Committee.
The Group’s key risk management processes and the system of
A framework of regular self-certification, with targeted independent
internal control procedures include the following:
challenge is in place and where control failures have been reported,
details of the circumstances are required together with appropriate
Management structure
corrective actions. A summary of these reports will be reviewed by
‘Lloyd’s Governance Arrangements: A Guide for Members of Lloyd’s the Executive Risk Committee, Risk Committee and the Audit
Committees’, reviewed and updated in June 2020, outlines the Committee.
governance structure and committee members’ duties and
responsibilities, including confidentiality and conflicts and
declarations of interest.
There is a clearly defined organisation structure with terms of
reference agreed for the Chief Executive Officer and all directors
that sets out, inter alia, their functions and powers, authority to act
and limitations on authority. This reflects the Senior Managers and
Certification Regime which requires all Senior Management
Function (‘SMF’) holders to agree and sign a Statement of
Responsibility confirming their role and responsibilities. Role profiles
are required to ensure that all employees (including those who do
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 91

Internal Control Statement
continued
The ‘Lloyd’s Compliance Policy’ defines the remit, role and
responsibilities of the Society’s Financial Crime & Compliance
Department, which Includes the Compliance function (made up of
the Compliance Advisory team, the Regulatory Engagement team,
and compliance responsibilities of the Monitoring & Assurance
team):
— Defining realistic and measurable objectives for the function in
order to support both the Council and the CRO in discharging
their compliance risk management duties;
— Defining the various roles the Compliance function must assume
in order to realise its objectives;
— Describing the scope of the Compliance function in providing
challenge and oversight to risks which may materialise;
— Outlining the specific responsibilities of the Compliance function
in order to realise its objectives; and
— Outlining the role of the Compliance function in achieving the goal
of integrated assurance within the Society.
The Compliance function undertakes a programme of activities
each year in order to carry out the role and responsibilities outlined
in the Policy. These activities include provision of compliance
monitoring, challenge and assurance relating to PRA and FCA
requirements. The Compliance function reports to the Risk
Committee.
The Internal Audit function also performs independent reviews of
control activities as part of their annual risk-based programme as
approved by the Audit Committee. The Head of Internal Audit
reports to the Audit Committee on a regular basis and as part of
every audit discusses the key findings with the executive
responsible.
Information and financial reporting systems
An annual budget for the Society is reviewed in detail by the
Executive Committee and is considered and approved by the
Council. Monthly financial reports compare actual performance with
the annual budget and management action is taken, where
appropriate, when variances arise. Revised forecasts are prepared
regularly.
92 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Report of the Remuneration Committee
This report is based upon the principles of the Directors’ 2020. Market and Society risk adjustment metrics also apply to
remuneration reporting regulations for UK-listed companies, and the this element;
UK Corporate Governance Code. The Code and regulations are — In order to provide a balanced approach to performance
directed at companies listed on the London Stock Exchange, measurement and reflect the focus of the Society and its drive for
whereas Lloyd’s is a market of many separate and competing improved efficiencies and transformation in the Lloyd’s market,
trading entities. Nonetheless, the Council supports their principles Profit Before Tax and Combined Operating Ratio are key metrics
insofar as they can be applied to the governance of the Society and used to measure market performance; and
has chosen to broadly follow the disclosure principles in this report.
— Solvency II – We continue to operate appropriate features such
The remuneration report is unaudited with the exception of the as long-term deferral for Solvency II staff and risk adjustment.
Single total figure of remuneration table which is audited by the
independent external auditors PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. The remuneration policy is set out on pages 105 and 106.
Statement by Chair of the Remuneration Key remuneration decisions and incentive
Committee out-turns
I am pleased to present the Remuneration Committee’s report for Salaries
2020 on the following pages. No salary increases have been awarded to the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer since their appointment.
2020 has been an exceptionally challenging period for our people,
our customers, and for economies around the world. The pandemic An increase of 2% was awarded to the Chief Executive Officer with
has underlined the importance of the Future at Lloyd’s and we have effect from 1 April 2021. This is the first increase to salary since his
sharpened our focus to prioritise development in key areas that will appointment in October 2018 and is in line with the average
deliver the most impact and value to the market and our customers increase for wider employees.
in 2021. We continued to successfully conduct business and to pay The Committee carefully considered the appropriate salary for the
out millions of pounds in claims to our customers impacted by the Chief Financial Officer, taking into account his development in role
global pandemic. and performance, and positioning against market data. The
Committee awarded an increase of 5.6% to £475,000 with effect
Within Lloyd’s, we continue to monitor how best we can look after
from 1 April 2021. This is the first increase to salary since his
the wellbeing of our people whilst serving our customers and the
appointment in April 2019 and it is expected that any future
market. Lloyd’s moved quickly to ensure the safety and wellbeing of
increases will be in line with those made to wider employees.
our colleagues, enabling working from home for the vast majority of
our staff within government and regulatory guidelines. Incentive out-turns
The Individual Performance Awards (annual bonus) are based on
During the year we have made considerable progress against our
an assessment of each Director’s performance against KPIs. The
three strategic priorities of performance, strategy and culture – Committee seeks to ensure that KPIs are stretching and aimed at
each of which remain crucial to our future success. In November delivering strategic priorities while remaining in accordance with
2020, we announced Blueprint Two, the second phase of our Lloyd’s risk policies and risk appetite.
ambitious Future at Lloyd’s strategy focused on executing digital
The Society made good progress against its key strategic priorities in
transformation across the market.
2020, which is reflected in the Individual Performance Awards (see
A loss was recorded for the Lloyd’s market in the period of page 98).
£0.9bn (2019: profit of £2.5bn) with a combined ratio of 110.3%
The Lloyd’s market recorded a loss of £0.9bn (2019: profit of
(2019: 102.1%).
£2.5bn) and the combined ratio was 110.3% (2019: 102.1%)
which resulted in a Market Award of £nil for Executive Directors
Remuneration policy principles
(see page 99).
The overall principles that underpin the remuneration policy are as
40% of the total Lloyd’s Incentive Plan award will be deferred for
follows:
three years.
— Nature of the Society – The organisation has a unique role both
The Committee considered that the remuneration policy operated as
as an oversight body and a promoter of the Lloyd’s market.
intended in terms of the Society’s performance and out-turns.
Incentives are generally set below market levels, reflecting the
oversight role of the Society; Chair fee
— Alignment to Lloyd’s strategy – Individual Performance Awards
Bruce Carnegie-Brown was appointed as Chair on 15 June 2017, on
an annual fee of £600,000. No increases have been awarded since
are linked to the Society and individual KPIs. Performance is
that date.
assessed against a rigorous balanced scorecard of quantifiable
metrics and is subject to risk adjustment; His first term of office ended in 2020, and the Council and
Nominations Committee approved a recommendation for
For 2021 and 2022, a Transformation Incentive Plan will operate
reappointment for a further term of three years from 1 June 2020.
for key roles that are critical to the successful execution of the
ambitious Blueprint Two programme and the sustainability of the Acknowledging that no fee increase has been awarded since 2017,
Lloyd’s platform for the future (see page 100); as well as the scope and time commitment of the role through a
— Alignment to the Lloyd’s market – A significant element of period of transformation, a 5% increase was approved to £630,000
effective from 1 April 2021.
remuneration is based on the performance of the Lloyd’s market.
This encourages an attitude of commercial partnership with the No further review is expected for the duration of the current term.
market and aligns the interests of participants with capital
providers. This alignment means that the payment under the
market element was £nil for both 2017 and 2018, and is £nil for

Report of the Remuneration Committee
continued
Future at Lloyd’s strategy – Lloyd’s
Transformation Incentive Plan
In November 2020, Lloyd’s launched the second phase of its
ambitious Future at Lloyd’s strategy. Blueprint Two is a
transformational two-year programme that will radically shift the
market to a digital ecosystem, powered by data and technology –
designed to deliver better value at a lower cost for its customers.
The Committee considered how the remuneration framework can
motivate and retain key roles that are critical to the successful
execution of the ambitious Blueprint Two programme and the
sustainability of the Lloyd’s platform for the future.
For 2021 and 2022, a Transformation Incentive Plan will operate for
a group of key roles who have a material impact on the
development and execution of the programme. Performance
metrics are directly aligned to the success of Blueprint Two and will
be underpinned by profitability and financial strength of the Lloyd’s
marketplace. The Plan is an additional incentive, separate to Lloyd’s
existing incentive plan.
Further information is provided on page 105.
Key management changes – new Chief of
Markets and departing Director
In January 2021, it was announced that Patrick Tiernan will join the
Society as Chief of Markets. Patrick will commence employment on
4 May 2021 and was appointed on a salary of £500,000. His cash
benefits allowance, pension and incentive arrangements are in line
with other Executive Directors. Further details of his joining
arrangements, including a buy-out award from his previous
employment, are set out on page 102.
Jon Hancock, former Performance Management Director, was due
to step down on 31 March 2020. In order to provide senior
leadership support during a challenging time, Jon agreed to defer
his planned leaving date until 31 May 2020. We would like to thank
Jon for his commitment to the market and the Society. Further
details of his leaving arrangements are set out on page 102.
Wider Society employees
The Remuneration Committee reviews policies which apply to all
employees across the Society and is regularly updated on key
areas of the Lloyd’s Culture Dashboard, designed to drive the
market towards a more inclusive environment and deliver cultural
change.
During 2020, the Committee considered progress in key areas such
as gender and ethnicity pay gaps and employee engagement. In
2021, Lloyd’s will voluntarily publish its Ethnicity Pay Gap for the first
time, to further support the launch of our long-term ethnicity action
plan.
All Society employees are eligible to participate in Lloyd’s Incentive
Plan, and the framework is consistent across all employees.
The Remuneration Policy and Bonus Scheme Rules are published
internally and available to all employees.
Pension arrangements for new and existing Executive Directors
are in line with the maximum contribution available to wider Society
employees.
Andy Haste
Chairman, Remuneration Committee
16 March 2021

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Compliance statement
The Society is not required to report under the Directors’ remuneration reporting regulations, as these only apply to UK-listed companies.
The Committee has chosen to broadly follow the disclosure principles in those regulations insofar as they can be applied to the governance
of the Society.
For the purposes of this report, Executive Directors refers to John Neal (Chief Executive Officer) and Burkhard Keese (Chief Financial
Officer) – Directors who are current members of the Council. Jon Hancock, Performance Management Director, stepped down on
31 May 2020. Patrick Tiernan was appointed as Chief of Markets effective from 4 May 2021 and becomes an Executive Director from
this time.
Summary of remuneration policy and out-turns for 2020
The following table provides a summary of how our remuneration policy was implemented in 2020. The remuneration policy is provided on
pages 105 and 106.
Salary Salaries are set to appropriately recognise responsibilities and be broadly market competitive.
For 2020, annual salaries were as follows:
— Chief Executive Officer: £650,000
— Chief Financial Officer: £450,000
— Performance Management Director: £510,000 (stepped down on 31 May 2020)
Lloyd’s Incentive The Lloyd’s Incentive Plan comprises an Individual Performance Award (annual bonus) and a Market Award.
Plan (Individual
The Individual Performance Award links reward to corporate and individual KPIs aligned with our strategy.
Performance
Award) The Market Award offers an incentive which is directly linked to the performance of the Lloyd’s market. Market
Awards are calculated by reference to Profit before Tax and combined ratio levels in the year.
Further details of performance are provided on page 99. A summary of the out-turns for 2020 is provided below.
Individual Performance Award Market Award
Maximum Maximum
opportunity 2020 out-turn opportunity 2020 out-turn
(% of salary) (% of salary) (% of salary) (% of salary)
John Neal: Chief Executive Officer 100% 74% 50% 0%
Burkhard Keese: Chief Financial Officer 100% 82% 50% 0%
Jon Hancock stepped down as Performance Management Director on 31 May 2020. As a leaver due to resignation,
and in line with Lloyd’s policy, he was not eligible for Individual and Market Awards for 2020.
As previously disclosed, the Chief Financial Officer was eligible to receive a recruitment award of up to 50% of
salary, subject to achievement of specified KPIs during both 2019 and 2020. A 2020 award of 45.7% of salary was
approved by the Committee reflecting achievements against specific KPIs during the year.
In 2020, the Committee determined that the 2019 award of 26.25% of salary would vest in one year, subject to
continued performance. Both the 2019 and 2020 award will be paid in April 2021.
Risk underpin
In 2020, all awards under the Lloyd’s Incentive Plan were subject to a risk underpin. The Committee assessed
performance against a range of Society and market risk and compliance metrics and decided to apply a downward
adjustment to a number of performance awards across the Society.
Deferral
40% of total incentives (all variable incentives including Individual Performance Award and Market Award) will be
deferred for three years.
Pension and The Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Performance Management Director received a pension
benefits supplement of 15% of salary, which is in line with the pension available to the wider workforce.
All Executive Directors receive a benefit supplement of 3% of salary.

Report of the Remuneration Committee
continued
Annual remuneration report
This part of the report sets out the annual remuneration for 2020 and a summary of how the policy will apply for 2021.
Single total figure of remuneration
The total remuneration receivable in respect of qualifying services for each person who served as a member of Board or Council during the
year is shown below. Further detail on annual bonus and Market Awards is shown on pages 98 and 99.
Council merger with the Board
With effect from 1 June 2020 the Board merged with the Council and a revised Council was established.
Salary/ Other Annual Market Pension Total Total
fees benefits1 bonus Award benefit2 fixed variable Total
2020 2019 2020 2019* 2020 2019* 2020 2019 2020 2019* 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Chairman of
the Council
Bruce Carnegie- 600 600 1 6 – – – – – – 600 600 1 6 601 606
Brown3,20
Executive
Directors
John Neal4,20 650 650 71 112 480 600 – 124 98 98 772 773 527 811 1,299 1,584
Burkhard 450 338 19 48 575 295 – 64 68 51 536 402 576 394 1,112 796
Keese5,20
Jon Hancock6,20 274 510 8 21 – – – – 32 77 314 607 – 1 314 608
* 2019 Other benefits and Annual bonus restated for Burkhard Keese to reflect recruitment award in Annual bonus previously presented in Other benefits.
John Neal 2019 pension restated.
Salary/fees Other benefits1 Total
2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Working members
Andrew Brooks7 61 39 – – 61 39
Dominic Christian8 75 46 – – 75 46
Karen Green9 78 70 – – 78 70
Victoria Carter10 68 41 – – 68 41
External members
Albert Benchimol11 57 35 – – 57 35
Dominick Hoare12 53 53 – – 53 53
Jeffery Barratt13 62 39 2 6 64 45
Michael Watson14 66 48 – – 66 48
Robert Childs15 24 58 – – 24 58
Nominated members
Andy Haste16 129 89 – – 129 89
Christian Noyer17 16 38 – 22 16 60
John Sununu18 58 35 4 11 62 46
Board Non-Executive Directors19
Angela Crawford-Ingle20,21 86 – – – 86 –
Charles Franks20,22 32 80 – – 32 80
Fiona Luck20,23 106 94 – 1 106 95
Mark Cloutier20,24 33 79 – – 33 79
Mike Bracken20,25 48 73 – – 48 73
Neil Maidment20,26 100 75 – – 100 75
Nigel Hinshelwood20,27 54 87 – 1 54 88
Patricia Jackson20,28 38 92 – – 38 92
The information in the above table has been audited by the independent auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Table notes
1. Other benefits include items such as benefit allowances (all Executive Directors receive a benefit supplement of 3% of salary) other taxable benefits and taxable business expenses.
These include travel costs met by Lloyd’s, including any tax due under HMRC regulations. These travel costs are provided in accordance with the Society’s policy and to enable
Executive Directors to undertake responsibilities most efficiently while travelling. Other taxable business expenses include business-related membership fees and hotels.
2. The Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Performance Management Director received a pension supplement of 15% of salary, in line with the pension available to the
wider workforce.
3. Bruce Carnegie-Brown (Chairman of Lloyd’s) was appointed as a member of the Technology & Transformation Committee with effect from 20 February 2020 and a member of the
Environmental, Social & Governance Strategy Group which was created on 2 December 2020.
4. John Neal (Chief Executive Officer) was appointed as a member of the Technology & Transformation Committee with effect from 20 February 2020.
5. Burkhard Keese (Chief Financial Officer) was appointed as a member of the Council with effect from 1 June 2020.
6. Jon Hancock (Performance Management Director) ceased as the Performance Management Director of Lloyd’s with effect from 31 May 2020.
7. Andrew Brooks was appointed as a member of the Risk Committee with effect from 1 June 2020.
8. Dominic Christian was appointed as a member of the Remuneration Committee with effect from 1 January 2020 and was elected as a Deputy Chairman of Lloyd’s with effect from
5 February 2020.
9. Karen Green ceased as a member of the Council with effect from 31 May 2020. Ms Green was appointed as a Special Adviser to the Council and attended meetings in that capacity
with effect from 1 June 2020. Ms Green was appointed as Chair of the Investment Committee with effect from 2 December 2020.
10. Victoria Carter was appointed as a member of the Risk Committee with effect from 1 June 2020.
11. Albert Benchimol was appointed as Chair of the Investment Committee and a member of the Audit Committee with effect from 1 June 2020. Mr Benchimol ceased as a member of the
Council, the Chair of Investment Committee and a member of the Audit Committee with effect from 30 November 2020.
12. Dominick Hoare ceased as a member of the Council with effect from 31 May 2020 and was appointed as a Special Adviser to the Council and attended meetings in that capacity with
effect from 1 June 2020. Mr Hoare ceased as a Special Adviser to the Council with effect from 30 November 2020 and appointed as a member of the Environmental, Social
& Governance Strategy Group upon its creation on 2 December 2020.
13. Jeffery Barratt was appointed as a member of the Nominations & Governance Committee and a member of the Audit Committee with effect from 1 June 2020.
14. Michael Watson was appointed as a member of the Remuneration Committee with effect from 1 June 2020 and as a member of the Investment Committee with effect from
2 December 2020.
15. Robert Childs ceased as a member and Deputy Chairman of the Council and a member of the Nominations & Governance Committee with effect from 31 May 2020.
16. Andy Haste was appointed as Chair of the Technology & Transformation Committee with effect from 20 February 2020. Mr Haste ceased as Chair of the Investment Committee with
effect from 31 May 2020.
17. Christian Noyer ceased as a member of the Council with effect from 31 May 2020.
18. John Sununu was appointed as a member of the Remuneration Committee with effect from 1 June 2020 and as a member of the Audit Committee with effect from 2 December 2020.
Mr Sununu was appointed as a member of the Environmetal, Social & Governance Strategy Group upon its creation on 2 December 2020.
19. The Board merged into the Council with effect from 1 June 2020.
20. Ceased as a member of the Board upon its dissolution on 31 May 2020.
21. Angela Crawford-Ingle was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Board with effect from 1 January 2020 and as Chair of the Audit Committee with effect from
14 January 2020. Ms Crawford-Ingle was appointed as a member of the Council and a member of the Risk Committee with effect from 1 June 2020.
22. Charles Franks ceased as a member of the Risk Committee with effect from 31 May 2020.
23. Fiona Luck was appointed as a member of the Council with effect from 1 June 2020.
24. Mark Cloutier ceased as a member of the Nominations & Governance Committee and a member of the Audit Committee with effect from 31 May 2020.
25. Mike Bracken was appointed to the Technology & Transformation Committee with effect from 20 February 2020. Mr Bracken ceased as a member of the Technology &
Transformation Committee with effect from 31 May 2020. Mr Bracken was appointed as a Special Adviser to the Technology & Transformation Committee with effect from 1 June
2020.
26. Neil Maidment was appointed as member of the Technology & Transformation Committee with effect from 20 February 2020 and as Chair of the Risk Committee with effect from
1 June 2020. Mr Maidment was appointed as a member of the Council and a member of the Audit Committee with effect from 1 June 2020.
27. Nigel Hinshelwood was appointed as a member of the Technology & Transformation Committee with effect from 20 February 2020. Mr Hinshelwood ceased as a member of the Risk
Committee and Technology & Transformation Committee with effect from 31 May 2020. Mr Hinshelwood was appointed as a Special Adviser to the Technology & Transformation
Committee with effect from 1 June 2020.
28. Patricia Jackson ceased as Chair of the Risk Committee and as a member of the Audit Committee with effect from 31 May 2020.

Report of the Remuneration Committee
continued
Salary
The annual salaries of the Executive Directors take into account a range of factors, including increases for all employees across the
Society, and are reviewed by the Remuneration Committee annually. No salary increases have been awarded to the Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer since their appointment in October 2018 and April 2019 respectively.
Following careful consideration by the Committee, salaries effective from 1 April 2021 are as follows:
2021 Base
salaries Increase
£000 on 2020
John Neal: Chief Executive Officer 663 2.0%
Burkhard Keese: Chief Financial Officer 475 5.6%
The average increase awarded to all employees was 2%.
The Committee carefully considered the appropriate salary for the Chief Financial Officer, taking into account his development in role and
performance, and positioning against market data. It is expected that any future increases will be in line with those made to wider
employees.
In January 2021, it was announced that Patrick Tiernan will join the Society as Chief of Markets. Patrick will commence employment on
4 May 2021 and was appointed on a salary of £500,000.
Annual bonus (Individual Performance Award)
Executive Directors are eligible for a discretionary Individual Performance Award. Payments are based on the Remuneration Committee’s
judgement of performance against a scorecard of corporate and individual KPIs for the year.
The Committee reviews strategic and operational objectives and KPIs at the start of the financial year, to ensure that they are stretching
and aligned to the Society’s strategic objectives. The following table sets out the performance framework and weightings for 2020 awards.
Performance and Leadership Individual
Strategic Initiatives Risk Management and Culture Performance
25% 25% 20% 30%
Individual Performance Awards are subject to a risk underpin. The Committee assessed performance against a range of Society risk and
compliance metrics and decided to apply a downward adjustment to a number of Individual Performance Awards across the Society.

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Bonus out-turns for 2020
The following table sets out performance achievements against the KPIs set in respect of 2020.
Digitalisation Performance and Risk Management Culture
— Three areas prioritised to deliver the most — Improved underlying performance in — Delivered on all 2019 commitments on
impact and value to market participants: combined ratio and expense ratio; culture, including publication of Culture
improving electronic placement, enhanced — Strengthened capital position, with Lloyd's toolkit, adoption of which has been
Delegated Authority services and claims members injecting additional capital in Q2 supported by extensive market
process improvements; 2020; engagement;
— Progress achieved on building out the data — Differentiated oversight approach to — Market wide gender targets set to achieve
and technology requirements needed to activities with weaker and stronger parity within the decade and 35% at
support these focus areas; performers through introduction of Light, leadership levels by 2023;
— Development of Virtual Underwriting Room; Standard and High touch segments; — Lloyd’s Council diversity policy published,
— Published Blueprint Two in November 2020, — Fitch reaffirmed rating of AA- (very strong) including a target that by the end of 2023,
setting out the delivery plan for the next and removed negative watchlist. Standard & a minimum of 33% of the Council should be
phase of our strategy; and Poor (A+) and A.M. Best (A) ratings female and/or of Black, Asian and Minority
— Fully approved three ‘syndicates in a box’. maintained; and Ethnic background;
— Improved Corporation processes and — Significant reorganisation of key business
systems to reduce operating cost delivered units; and
in line with targets. — Executive Leadership Group created in
2020 to sponsor change programmes in
2021.
Taking into account an overall assessment of the above achievements, as well as individual performance and Society risk, the Committee
determined the following annual bonus payments in respect of 2020:
Role Maximum Out-turn
John Neal: Chief Executive Officer 100% of salary 74% of salary
Burkhard Keese: Chief Financial Officer 100% of salary 82% of salary
Jon Hancock stepped down as Performance Management Director during 2020. As a leaver due to resignation, and in line with Lloyd’s
policy, he was not eligible for an Individual Performance Award for 2020.
40% of total incentives (Individual Performance Award and Market Award) will be deferred for three years.
Market Award
The Market Award has been designed to meet Lloyd’s strategic objectives by enabling the Society to offer an incentive which:
— Is directly linked to the performance of the Lloyd’s market and will therefore encourage an attitude of commercial partnership with the
market and align the interests of participants with capital providers;
— Will provide a competitive reward and therefore assist the Society in attracting and retaining the talented individuals required to develop
and support future strategy; and
— Is subject to personal performance.
All employees of the Society, including international offices, were eligible to participate in the Market Award for 2020 on the basis set out
below:
— Market Awards are calculated by reference to Profit before Tax and combined ratio (weighted equally) for each financial year;
— Market Awards are subject to a risk underpin; and
— 40% of the Market Award is deferred for three years.
For senior employees whose remuneration is below the proportionality test (applicable to those defined as Solvency II staff for
remuneration purposes), the Market Award will be paid on an ongoing fund basis. Under this approach, one half of an award will be paid in
April following the relevant financial year, with the remaining 50% treated as an ongoing fund. For other employees, the Market Award is
paid in full in April following the relevant financial year.
The maximum opportunity for Executive Directors is 50% of salary. Market Awards are subject to a personal performance underpin.

Report of the Remuneration Committee
continued
2020 Market Award – out-turn
2020 Market Award– Threshold Target Maximum 2020 performance 2020 Market Award
performance metric (20% of maximum) (50% of maximum) (100% of maximum) out-turn out-turn (% of salary)
Profit Before Tax element £400m £1.5bn £3bn – 0%
(50% weighting)
Combined ratio element 100.5% 98.5% 96.5% – 0%
(50% weighting)
Market Award payout 0% 0% 0% – 0%
(as a % of salary)
Chief Financial Officer – Recruitment Award
Burkhard Keese was appointed as Chief Financial Officer with effect from 1 April 2019. As disclosed in the 2019 remuneration report, the
Chief Financial Officer was eligible to receive a recruitment award of up to 50% of salary subject to achievement of specified KPIs in both
2019 and 2020.
2019 award – Following consideration of performance against KPIs in the year, the Committee determined that an award of 26.25% of
salary would vest in one year, subject to continued performance. This award will be paid in April 2021.
2020 award – Following consideration of performance against specific KPIs in 2020, the Committee determined that an award of 45.7% of
salary would vest. This award will be paid in April 2021.
Transformation Incentive Plan
In November 2020, Lloyd’s launched the second phase of its ambitious Future at Lloyd’s strategy. Blueprint Two is a transformational two-
year programme that will radically shift the market to a digital ecosystem, powered by data and technology – designed to deliver better
value at a lower cost for its customers.
The Committee considered how the remuneration framework can motivate and retain key roles that are critical to the successful execution
of the ambitious Blueprint Two programme and the sustainability of the Lloyd’s platform for the future. Against this background, the
Committee is introducing a new Transformation Incentive Plan. Feedback was sought with several market members as the plan was
developed and the details of the plan were shared with the Regulators. The new Transformation Incentive Plan will operate as follows:
— For 2021 and 2022, a Transformation Incentive Plan will operate for a group of key roles who have a material impact on the development
and execution of the programme. Performance metrics are directly aligned to the success of Blueprint Two in three key areas –
Processing, Technology and Data Standards (Lead Indicators) – and will be underpinned by profitability and financial strength of the
Lloyd's marketplace. The plan is an additional incentive, separate to Lloyd's existing incentive plan;
— Lead indicators will be underpinned by profitability and financial strength of the Lloyd’s marketplace. Vesting may be deferred by 12
months and the underpin tests reapplied in the following year, in the event that performance underpins are not met;
— Awards will be made in 2021 and 2022, with a two year performance period. Payment of any vested awards will made in the two years
following the end of the performance period, subject to continued employment at the time of vesting; and
— Awards will be subject to Lloyd’s malus and clawback provisions, and the risk underpin adjustment applicable to the Lloyd’s Incentive
Plan.
For 2021, awards will be made to selected participants, with a maximum value of 20% to 100% of base salary. Executive Directors will
receive a maximum award of 100% of salary.

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Performance metrics
2021 Award Lead Indicators Underpin/lag indicators
Processing Implementation of new solutions for open market and Awards will only vest subject to the following
delegated authority business such that the solutions will underpins being met:
be processing 70% of both Lloyd’s GWP and Lloyd’s
— At the end of each vesting year (2022 for the 2021
contracts.
award), Lloyd’s normalised (normalised for large
Technology Development of new technology and processes to risk and cat claims) combined ratio (CR) does not
underpin the claims life cycle at Lloyd's. These will most exceed 98.5%; and
notably include the first notification of loss, claims routing
— Lloyd’s key financial strength rating with Standard
and claims orchestration. These developments should
& Poor’s remains at a minimum of A+.
comprise 50% of Lloyd's total claims volumes, including a
reduction of 20% in the claims ‘time to settle’ analysis.
Vesting may be deferred by 12 months and the
Data standards New data standards and technology offerings must be underpin tests reapplied in the following year, in the
adopted by a minimum of 80% of the market event that performance underpins are not met.
constituency.
All three Lead Indicators will be equally weighted and assessed independently. Threshold vesting of 20% of maximum applies for the
achievement of 80% of the Lead Indicator target. Full vesting for meeting or exceeding the Lead Indicator target, with straight-line vesting
in between threshold and maximum.
Pensions
The Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief of Markets receive a pension supplement of 15% of salary, which is in line
with the maximum pension contribution available to the wider workforce.
No other payments to the Executive Directors are pensionable. Their dependants are eligible for the payment of a lump sum in the event of
death in service.

Report of the Remuneration Committee
continued
Newly appointed Chief of Markets
In January 2021, it was announced that Patrick Tiernan will join the Society as Chief of Markets. Patrick will commence employment on
4 May 2021. His remuneration package is as follows:
— Salary – £500,000 (former Performance Management Director salary: £510,000);
— Pension cash supplement – 15% of salary, in line with the maximum contribution available to wider Society employees;
— Benefits allowance – 3% of salary;
— Maximum Individual Performance Award – 100% of salary. Performance will be assessed against a balanced scorecard framework;
— Maximum Market Award – 50% of salary;
— Transformation Incentive Plan maximum award of 100% of salary in 2021. See page 105; and
— Buy-out awards – In line with Lloyd’s remuneration policy, the Committee approved the buy-out of annual bonus and restricted share
awards forfeited on leaving his previous employer. In determining the buy-out awards, the Committee applied additional discounts and
extended time horizons compared with the awards lapsed.
In respect of the 2020 annual bonus award forfeited, a buy-out award of £360,000 was approved, calculated by reference to average
historical actual bonus payouts, subject to additional performance confirmation. The award will be delivered in line with the time horizons of
the award forfeited, with one third deferred over three years.
In respect of restricted share awards forfeited, the buy-out was made at a discount to the market value of shares forfeited on resignation
and will be delivered in four payments from 2021 to 2024, reflecting longer time horizons than the original awards (payments equal to 61%
of salary in 2021, and 43% of salary in 2022, 2023 and 2024). The market value was calculated by reference to a three month average
share price to the date of resignation, with a discount applied to later awards forfeited.
Buy-out awards are subject to satisfactory performance in the role and continued employment, as well as malus and clawback provisions in
line with Lloyd’s policy.
Departing Directors and Executives
Former Performance Management Director (Jon Hancock)
Jon Hancock stepped down as Performance Management Director on 31 May 2020. As a leaver due to resignation, and in line with Lloyd’s
policy, he was not eligible for Individual and Market Awards for 2020. There was no payment made in lieu of notice.
Service contracts
The Executive Directors have rolling contracts with notice periods which will not exceed one year. The Chairman has a contract for three
years from appointment.
Appointment date Unexpired term as at 31 December 2020 Notice period
Bruce Carnegie-Brown 1 June 2020 2 years and 5 months 12 months
John Neal 15 October 2018 rolling 1 year 12 months
Burkhard Keese 1 April 2019 rolling 6 months 6 months
The Chairman and the Executive Directors’ service contracts are kept available for inspection by Lloyd’s members at the Society’s
registered office.
External and working members are elected to Council while Nominated members are appointed to Council, usually for a three-year period.
Members of the Board are appointed by Council with Non-Executive Directors’ terms of office varying between one and three years.
These are not contractual arrangements and compensation is not paid if a member leaves early.

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Additional disclosures
Ten year Chief Executive Officer remuneration
Annual bonus award Market Award/LPP
CEO single figure of total as a percentage of award as a percentage of
remuneration £000 maximum opportunity maximum opportunity
2020 John Neal 1,298 74% 0%
2019 John Neal 1,594 92% 38%
2018* John Neal 167 NA NA
2018* Inga Beale 1,304 75% 0%
2017 Inga Beale 1,304 76% 0%
2016 Inga Beale 1,525 75% 63%
2015 Inga Beale 1,531 81% 63%
2014 Inga Beale 1,494 74% 95%
2013 Richard Ward 1,795 75% 65%
2012 Richard Ward 1,759 75% 55%
2011 Richard Ward 1,499 90% 0%
* Inga Beale stepped down on 13 October 2018 and John Neal took up the appointment on 15 October 2018. John Neal was not awarded a bonus in 2018 as his joining date was after the
date for eligibility.
Percentage change in remuneration
The table below sets out details of the change in remuneration between 2019 and 2020.
Salary/Fees1 Benefits2 Bonus3
Chief Executive remuneration 0% -24% -34%
Chief Financial Officer remuneration 33% -13% 60%
Non-Executive Council member remuneration (average) 52% 0% NA
Average of all Society employees 2% 2% 2%
1. The increase in Chief Financial Officer remuneration is due to 2019 pro-rated amount compared with a 2020 full year.
2. The Chief Executive Officer’s Benefits largely relate to travel expenses (including tax thereon) and other employment related expenses, which may fluctuate between periods. The
Chief Financial Officer’s 2019 Benefit’s relate to relocation expenses not incurred in 2020.
3. A Market Award was not given in 2020. The lack of Market Award for the Chief Financial Officer was offset by a full year’s Individual Performance Award and Recruitment Award
compared to the pro-rated amounts in 2019.
4. Non-Executive Council member remuneration increased following the merger of the Board with Council. Most significantly the Council member's fee increased from £38.5k to £62.5k.
Non-Executive Council members are not eligible for a Market Award or Individual Performance Award.
Relative importance of spend on pay
2019
2020 restated %
£m £m change
Corporation operating income 384 358 7%
Total remuneration – all employees 141 134 5%
Corporation operating income excludes income relating to the Central Fund. 2019 remuneration is restated to exclude items such as
employer’s social security costs, net interest on defined benefit pension liability, Non-Executive remuneration and recruitment fees.
Remuneration for the Chairman and members of the Council who are not employees of the Society
The current Chair, Bruce Carnegie-Brown, was appointed on 15 June 2017, on an annual fee of £600,000. No increases have been awarded
since that date. The Chair’s first term of office ended in 2020, and the Council and Nominations & Governance Committee approved a
recommendation for his reappointment for a further term of three years from 1 June 2020.
Acknowledging that no fee increase has been awarded since 2017, as well as the scope and requirements of the role through a period of
transformation, a 5% increase was approved to £630,000 effective from 1 April 2021.
In accordance with Lloyd’s constitutional arrangements, the fees for members of the Council who are not employees of the Society are a
matter for the Council on the recommendation of the Chair and the Chief Executive Officer. The level of fees reflects the time commitment
and responsibility of the role.
Fees up to 1 June 2020 for Council and Board members were £38,500 and £62,000 per annum respectively. The additional fee payable to
the Deputy Chairman, over and above the standard Council member’s fee, was £12,000. Fees are also payable in respect of membership of
a number of Council committees, including ad hoc committees established to consider specific issues requiring a significant time
commitment. A revised fee structure came into effect from 1 June 2020 when the Board merged into the Council. The revised fee structure
brought Council member fees into line with the fees previously payable to Board members, in recognition of the increase in responsibilities
and time commitment.
Non-Executive Council members do not participate in performance-related reward.

Report of the Remuneration Committee
continued
Details of the Remuneration Committee, Remuneration Policy
advisers to the Committee and their fees The Society is not required to comply with the Directors’
Within the policy for remuneration approved by the Council, the remuneration reporting regulations, including the requirement for
Remuneration Committee is responsible for setting the total a binding remuneration policy for Executive Directors, as these
individual remuneration package for the Chairman, the Chief only apply to UK-listed companies. Nonetheless, in line with good
Executive Officer, each Executive Director, any other senior direct practice, this part of the report sets out the key features of the
reports of the Chief Executive Officer and such other members of Society’s remuneration policy. Note that this is in a shortened
the executive management (including those designated as Solvency format compared with the regulatory requirements. The policy is not
II staff for remuneration purposes, and individual consultants) as it is legally binding, and the Committee reserves the right to amend the
designated to consider. policy at any time.
The Remuneration Committee currently comprises seven members
– six members of the Council and the Chairman. The Committee has
been chaired by Andy Haste (a Nominated member of Council and
Senior Independent Deputy Chairman) since November 2012.
The Remuneration Committee met eight times in 2020. The
attendance record is set out in the Corporate Governance report on
pages 86 and 87. The Committee’s terms of reference are available
on lloyds.com and on request from the Secretary to the Council.
The Remuneration Committee was assisted by its remuneration
consultants, Deloitte LLP, who adhere to the Code of Conduct for
executive remuneration consultants. Deloitte LLP was appointed by
the Remuneration Committee and their services are periodically
reviewed by the Committee to ensure that these remain relevant
and provide the assistance required. Deloitte LLP adheres to
working practices which have been agreed with the Remuneration
Committee Chair, for the purpose of maintaining independence, and
the Committee is satisfied that the advice received from Deloitte
LLP was objective and independent. Total fees paid in respect of
advice and services to assist the Remuneration Committee
amounted to £129,930 for the year and are determined by the
scope of the services and the services agreement. Deloitte LLP also
provided other services to the Society during the year including the
co-sourced Internal Audit resource; Technology and Project
Management advisory and support services; and Risk, Regulatory,
Specialist and Tax advisory services.
At the request of the Remuneration Committee, the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief HR Officer regularly attend Remuneration
Committee meetings. Other senior executives, for example the
Chief Risk Officer, are invited to attend for specific agenda items
from time to time.
Neither the Chairman, nor the Executive Directors or any other
Director plays a part in any discussion about his or her own
remuneration.

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Remuneration policy
Base salary — Salaries set to appropriately recognise responsibilities and must be broadly market
competitive;
— Generally reviewed annually by the Remuneration Committee; and
— No maximum salary increase; however, any increases will generally reflect the approach
to all employee salary increases. Exceptions, in certain circumstances, may be made, for
example to reflect a new appointment, change in role/adoption of additional responsibilities,
changes to market practice or the development of the individual in the role.
Lloyd’s Individual Performance measures
Incentive performance — Individual Performance Awards paid by reference to performance against a balanced
Plan award (annual scorecard of strategic objectives and KPIs during the year; and
bonus)
— Individual awards are subject to a risk underpin. The Committee will assess performance
against Society risk and compliance metrics and may apply a downward adjustment where
appropriate.
Maximum
— Current individual maximums are 100% of salary for Executive Directors.
Operation
— 40% of the total Lloyd’s Incentive Plan award will be deferred for three years and paid in April
of the fourth financial year following the end of the performance period. This will apply to
relevant Solvency II staff above the proportionality threshold; and
— The Committee may apply malus and clawback to individual awards (see below).
Market Award Performance measures
(formerly LPP) — Market Awards directly linked to Lloyd’s market profitability in the year, subject to a minimum
threshold of £100m. From 2019, Market Awards are subject to the achievement of Profit
Before Tax and combined ratio metrics; and
— Market Awards are subject to a risk underpin. The Committee will assess performance
against market-based risk and compliance metrics and may apply a downward adjustment
where appropriate;
— The Market element is also subject to individual performance.
Maximum
— Current individual maximums are 50% of salary for Executive Directors.
Operation
— 40% of the total Lloyd’s Incentive Plan award will be deferred for three years and paid in April
of the fourth financial year following the end of the performance period. This will apply to
relevant Solvency II staff above the proportionality threshold; and
— The Committee may apply malus and clawback to Market Awards (see below).
Transformation Performance measures
Incentive Plan
— For 2021 and 2022, awards will be made to a group of key roles who have a material impact
on the development and execution of the Future at Lloyd’s strategy. Performance metrics are
directly aligned to the success of the Blueprint Two programme in three key areas –
Processing, Technology and Data Standards (Lead Indicators); and
— Lead indicators will be underpinned by profitability and financial strength of the Lloyd’s
marketplace. Vesting may be deferred by 12 months and the underpin tests reapplied in the
following year, in the event that performance underpins are not met.
Maximum
— Current individual maximum awards are 100% of salary for Executive Directors.
Operation
— Awards will be made in 2021 and 2022, with a two year performance period. Payment of any
vested awards will made in the two years following the end of the performance period, subject
to continued employment at the time of vesting; and
— Awards will be subject to Lloyd’s malus and clawback provisions, and the risk underpin
adjustment applicable to the Lloyd’s Incentive Plan.

Report of the Remuneration Committee
continued
Pension — Executive Directors will receive a pension contribution of 15% of salary.
Benefits — Benefits may include a benefits cash allowance, private medical insurance, life insurance
and a season ticket loan facility;
— Relocation benefits may be offered in certain circumstances; and
— Executive Directors will receive a benefits cash allowance of 3% of salary.
Remuneration policy
Approach to The following broad principles would apply when agreeing the components of a remuneration
remuneration on package upon the recruitment of a new Executive Director:
recruitment
— Any package will be sufficient to attract Executive Directors of the calibre required to deliver
Lloyd’s strategic priorities;
— Typically, the individual will be transitioned onto an ongoing remuneration package that is in
line with the remuneration policy above;
— The Committee may, on appointing an Executive Director, need buy-out terms or
remuneration arrangements forfeited on leaving a previous employer. The terms of any
buy-out would be determined taking into account the terms of the forfeited awards and the
overriding principle will be that any replacement buy-out award should be of comparable
commercial value to the awards that have been forfeited with comparable time horizons;
— The Committee retains the flexibility to make additional awards for the purpose of
recruitment where there is a strong rationale to do so; and
— Where an Executive Director is appointed from within the organisation, the normal policy is
that any legacy arrangements would be honoured in line with the original terms and
conditions.
Approach to The following broad principles would apply when determining the termination arrangements for
remuneration on an Executive Director:
termination
— If an Executive Director works out his or her notice period, he or she will be entitled to
payment as normal during the period of notice. Alternatively, the Society reserves the right to
terminate the employment by making a payment in lieu of notice;
— In these circumstances, the Society’s policy is that the outgoing employee would be entitled
to receive an amount equal to base salary only in respect of his or her notice period. The sum
may be paid in monthly instalments at the Society’s discretion and may be reduced to reflect
alternative income;
— If an Executive Director leaves the Society’s employment on or before the date on which an
annual bonus award would otherwise have been paid, they will not be entitled to that annual
bonus award. However, the Remuneration Committee may determine that the Executive
Director may receive a bonus in respect of the financial year of cessation based on
performance in the year;
— If an Executive Director leaves the Society’s employment on or before the date on which a
Market Award would otherwise have been paid, they will not be entitled to that Market
Award. However, the Remuneration Committee may determine that the Executive Director
may receive a Market Award in respect of the financial year of cessation based on
performance in the year; and
— If an Executive Director leaves the Society’s employment on or before the date on which a
Transformation Incentive award would otherwise have been paid, they will be entitled to that
award provided that they were in employment at the date the Transformation Incentive
award vested.

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Malus and clawback
For incentive awards in respect of 2014 and subsequent years,
malus and clawback provisions apply.
Malus may be applied prior to payment including any deferral
period. For senior employees (excluding the Chief Executive
Officer) the circumstances in which malus may be applied are
employee misconduct, material financial misstatement for which the
employee was responsible, or deliberate or negligent failure in risk
management for which the employee was responsible. In addition,
the Committee retains the discretion to clawback awards for a
period of six years from the date of award. The circumstances in
which clawback may be applied are serious employee misconduct,
material financial misstatement for which the employee was
responsible, or deliberate failure in risk management for which the
employee was responsible.
For the Chief Executive Officer, the circumstances in which malus
and clawback may be applied are broader and include, but are not
limited to, employee misconduct or the performance indicators
relied on by the Committee being found to be materially different
to those previously considered by the Committee (whether or not
involving any culpability on the part of the individual), or deliberate
or negligent failure in risk management for which the Chief
Executive Officer was solely or in part responsible. The clawback
period is indefinite for the Chief Executive Officer.
Andy Haste
Chairman, Remuneration Committee
16 March 2021

Report of the Audit Committee
Statement by Chair of Audit Committee Biographical details and experience of the current members of the
I am pleased to present the Report of the Audit Committee for the Committee and members’ attendance at meetings in 2020 are
year ended 31 December 2020. The report explains the work of the shown in the Corporate Governance report on pages 86 and 87
Committee during the year and the key role played by the and at https://www.lloyds.com/about-lloyds/governance-and-
Committee in overseeing the integrity of the Society’s financial management/council-of-lloyds.
reporting and internal control environment. The report comprises The Chairman of Lloyd’s, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief
the following sections: Financial Officer, the Chief Risk Officer, the Head of Internal Audit
— Composition of the Audit Committee; and other senior management regularly attend Committee meetings
at the invitation of the Chair of the Committee, together with
— Responsibilities of the Audit Committee;
representatives of the external auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers
— Primary activities and key areas of focus during the year; LLP. The Committee as a whole meets privately with the Head of
— Financial reporting and external audit; Internal Audit and the external auditors.
— Internal control; and In addition, throughout the year, the Chair of the Committee meets
— Internal audit informally with and has open lines of communication with the
Executive Committee, Head of Internal Audit, external auditors and
Our principal aim is to assist the Council in discharging its senior management to discuss topical issues and the operations of
responsibilities for monitoring the integrity of the Society’s financial the Society. These meetings provide an opportunity for any matters
reporting, assessing the effectiveness of the systems of internal to be raised confidentially.
control of the Society and monitoring the effectiveness,
The Committee received technical updates throughout the year
independence and objectivity of the internal and external auditors.
from senior management and the external auditors on
The terms of reference of the Audit Committee can be found on developments in financial reporting, accounting policy and
lloyds.com. regulatory developments. These technical updates included the
accounting treatment and disclosure of the Part VII transfer of EEA
Angela Crawford-Ingle
insurance liabilities in the pro forma financial statements and the
Chair, Audit Committee
Society’s financial statements and the incorporation of Financial
30 March 2021 Reporting Council guidance on reporting considering the COVID-19
pandemic.
Composition of the Audit Committee
Responsibilities of the Audit Committee
Since 14 January 2020, the Committee has been chaired by Angela
Crawford-Ingle, an independent Non-Executive Director on the Prior to 1 June 2020, the Audit Committee reported to the Board.
Board from 14 January 2020 until 31 May 2020 and a Nominated From 1 June it became a committee of the Council.
member on the Council with effect from 1 June 2020 (when Board
The Audit Committee:
and Council merged, and the Council was reconstituted). Prior to
1 June 2020, the Committee’s remaining members were drawn from — Has responsibility for overseeing the Society’s system of internal
both the Board and Council. From 1 June 2020, the Committee’s control, including financial reporting control and for reviewing its
remaining members are drawn from the Council. At the end of effectiveness:
2020, the Audit Committee comprised of two external members of — The Committee provides biannual internal control reports to
the Council and three Non-Executive Nominated members of the the Council, including on the effectiveness of key financial
Council. The Chair of the Audit Committee is also a member of the reporting controls;
Risk Committee. Mr Maidment is the Chair of the Risk Committee
— The Committee is responsible for ensuring that the Internal
and a member of the Audit Committee. An update from the Risk
Audit team has the appropriate resources and budget, for
Committee is presented to the Audit Committee at each meeting to
approving the appointment and reappointment of the external
enhance collaboration between the two committees as some
auditors, and for overseeing the effectiveness of the
responsibilities can overlap and impact on the other’s work.
interactions with the external auditors;
The Council requires the Committee to operate effectively and — The Committee reviews reports from the internal and external
efficiently and its members to have a balance of skills and auditors on aspects of internal control and appropriate action
experience to enable it to fulfil its responsibilities in a robust and is taken in response; and
independent manner. Members of the Committee have varied and
— The Committee submits an annual report to Council in respect
extensive commercial experience, including as executives in the
of its activities during each financial year. The Committee also
international insurance, reinsurance and asset management
reports to the Council on the Committee’s proceedings after
sectors, as well as audit, risk and prudential regulation.
each meeting. Additional reports are submitted to the Council
The Council has determined that, by virtue of their professional on matters of material interest as and when necessary.
backgrounds the members of the Committee collectively have the — Has a primary role to assist the Council in fulfilling its oversight
competence and skills required to discharge the responsibilities of
responsibilities over financial reporting. The Audit Committee’s
the Committee as set out in its terms of reference. In addition, the functions in 2020 included providing oversight of Lloyd’s annual
Council consider that Angela Crawford-Ingle has the recent and and interim financial statements, the syndicate aggregate
relevant financial experience required to Chair the Committee. accounts, and the Lloyd’s Solvency and Financial Condition
Report to the PRA.
108 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Primary activities and key areas of focus — Internal Audit: The Committee recruited and worked with the new
during the year Head of Internal Audit to reshape the function. This included
recruitment activity to reduce reliance on external providers and
The Committee’s primary responsibilities are the oversight of:
to ensure the right blend of in-house/outsourced resources.
— the key themes, structure and integrity of the interim and annual During 2020, 17 audits were undertaken by Internal Audit, with no
reports, including the Society’s financial statements and the significant ratings identified from those audits. Audit topics
market pro forma financial statements; included change assurance activity in respect of two strategic
— the review of the appropriateness of significant accounting programmes (The Future at Lloyd’s and the Part VII transfer), as
estimates and judgements; well as audits of the Society’s redesigned Financial Crime
Framework, the effectiveness of the 2nd Line of Defence (Risk)
— the effectiveness and independence of the external auditors;
and the 2020 Syndicate Business Planning approval process.
— the appointment/reappointment or removal of the external auditors;
The Committee supported a request to refocus the 2020 Audit
— the fees of the external auditors; Plan following the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic. This
— the Society’s relationship with the external auditors; activity was designed to ensure that emerging key risk areas
were focused on. This included an audit of the Corporation’s
— the effectiveness of the internal control framework, including
operational resilience capabilities (including assessment of the
financial reporting control;
progress made by the Operations function in pivoting from the
— the effectiveness of systems and controls in relation to
design of a conceptual Operational Resilience Framework to
whistleblowing; and
providing regular, risk-based reporting to the Corporation
— the internal audit function. Executive Committee) and a review of the Corporation’s
response to the pandemic, focusing on Group Technology. While
The Committee met four times during the year. The key areas of both areas highlighted opportunities for enhancements, the
focus during the year are highlighted below. overall outcomes were positive;
— the Part VII transfer and the Society Report and the primary — Solvency II Pillar 3 reporting for the market and the Society: the
statements: On 30 December 2020 certain general insurance EU Audit Committee reviewed the ongoing capital and solvency
business was transferred from Lloyd’s members to Lloyd’s position of the Society, including knowledge that a capital add-on
Insurance Company S.A. (hereinafter referred to as ‘Lloyd’s had been agreed with the PRA in August 2020. They also
Brussels’ and ‘LIC’ interchangeably) under a Part VII transfer considered the reporting requirements and governance
scheme to ensure that the transferring business can be arrangements for Solvency II Pillar 3 reporting for both the
compliantly managed after Brexit, including in relation to the market and the Society by reviewing and approving the Solvency
payment of claims. The Part VII transfer included a transfer of and Financial Condition Report (SFCR) and Regular Supervisory
reserves in respect of the transferring business. The Committee Report (RSR) for the year ending 31 December 2019 for
considered the proposal on how to reflect the Part VII transfer submission to the PRA;
within the Society Report and the pro forma financial statements. — the review of the Society’s and market’s pro forma annual and
It also considered the information to be supplied alongside the interim financial statements and related disclosures and the
Society Report to assist stakeholders in understanding the syndicate aggregate accounts (on the basis of preparation as an
impact upon the Society’s business; aggregation of the Lloyd’s market results). The key areas of
— Lloyd’s Brussels and the control environment: The Committee judgement were considered by the Committeee, in approving the
liaised with the LIC Audit Committee to monitor the review of the respective financial statements, specifically:
premium data and the financial statement close process by (i) estimation of net pension liabilities: assessed the
Lloyd’s Europe. The Committee received updates and supported reasonableness and consistency of the key assumptions
ongoing investigations on a regular basis, including consideration which impact the valuation of the net pension liabilities;
of the potential accounting impact on the Society financial
(ii) valuation of financial investments: considered the basis upon
statements. Control weaknesses resulting in reporting difficulties
which the reasonable fair valuation of financial investments
were identified. Short-term controls were implemented, and
was determined and the methodology and assumptions
investigations continue to support longer-term solutions;
supporting the notional investment return on Funds At
— consideration of the viability statement and the confirmation of Lloyd’s;
the continuing status of the Society as a going concern as part of
(iii) provisions: considered any changes to the methodology and
the annual and interim reporting processes (taking into account
key assumotions supporting the estimation of the material
COVID-19 analysis and sensitivity analysis, including the impact
provisions reported on the statement of financial position; and
from major claims in the Lloyd’s market);
(iv) the basis of preparation of the market pro forma financial
— the operation and effectiveness of the Society’s whistleblowing
statements including the valuation of Funds at Lloyd’s
arrangements. The Committee oversaw the introduction of the
investments and the notional investment return thereon.
Whistleblower Escalation Group to support the current reporting
line for whistleblowing reports. The Committee supported a
review of the arrangements by receiving regular updates on the
whistleblowing activity and supported an Internal Audit conducted
on the whistleblowing operation and controls in place. The
outcome was that the key processes and controls have been
assessed and key controls have been considered, clarified and
enhanced where appropriate but overall the processes and
controls have been assessed as effective;
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 109

Report of the Audit Committee
continued
Financial reporting and external audit A breakdown of the fees paid to the external auditors for non-audit
A key focus of the Committee is its work in assisting the Council in work is set out in note 7. Significant non-audit engagements
ensuring that the Annual Report, when taken as a whole, is fair, undertaken by the external auditors in 2020 include services
balanced and understandable. The Committee has considered the pursuant to legislation (work undertaken on the Aggregate
key messages being communicated in the Annual Report, as well as Accounts and regulatory returns) and the pro forma financial
the information provided to the Committee throughout the year. The statements.
Committee, having completed its review, has recommended to the
The Committee receives a regular report on engagements
Council that, when taken as a whole, the 2020 Annual Report is fair,
undertaken by the external auditors in order to monitor the types of
balanced and understandable and provides the information services provided and the fees incurred and to ensure they do not
necessary to assess the Society’s position and performance,
impair the ongoing independence and objectivity of the external
business model and strategy (this statement also complies with the
audit. The external auditors has also confirmed to the Committee
2018 UK Corporate Governance Code). that it believes that it remains independent within the meaning of
During the year, the Committee has continued to keep abreast of the applicable regulations and professional standards.
significant and emerging accounting developments, in particular
changes to International Financial Reporting Standards relating to Internal control
insurance accounting and due to COVID-19. The Council has responsibility for the Society’s system of internal
control and for reviewing its effectiveness. The Council has
The Committee places great importance on the quality,
delegated to the Audit Committee responsibility for reviewing the
effectiveness and independence of the external audit process and
effectiveness of the system of internal control and monitoring the
monitors and reviews the objectivity and independence of the
risk and internal controls framework of the Society.
external auditors.
On behalf of the Council, the Committee conducts a biannual
The Committee assesses the effectiveness of the external auditors
assessment of the effectiveness of the internal controls framework,
against some of the following criteria:
including the controls related to the financial reporting process.
— provision of timely and accurate industry-specific technical The Committee also considers the adequacy of the Group’s risk
knowledge; management arrangements in the context of the Society's business
— the level of professionalism and open dialogue with the Chair of and strategy.
the Committee and its other members; In carrying out its biannual assessments during 2020, the
— delivery of an efficient and effective audit and the achievement of Committee considered reports from the Chief Financial Officer,
objectives within agreed timescales; and Chief Risk Officer, Chief Accountant, Head of Internal Audit, other
senior management, and also from the external auditors. Reports
— the quality of the external auditors’ findings, management’s
and updates on specific control issues were received throughout
responses and stakeholder feedback.
the year. Specific issues considered were:
In addition, the Committee performs a specific evaluation of the — the Committee reviewed reports from the Risk Committee on a
performance of the external auditors annually, through assessment number of matters including COVID-19 and the Future at Lloyd’s.
of the results of feedback and questionnaires completed by Throughout the year, the Committee was updated on key risks;
members of the Executive Committee and other senior
— the Committee reviewed internal audit reports, the actions taken
management, together with Committee members’ own views.
to implement the recommendations made in the reports and the
Overall the Committee is satisfied with the performance of the status of progress against previously agreed actions;
Society’s external auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. The — the Committee reviewed the external auditors’ controls
Committee has concluded that while there has been appropriate observation report and management’s assessment of the internal
focus by the external auditors there is room for improvement in the control environment, including reports on any control failures
level of scepticism and challenge exercised in the audits of certain during the period and status of progress against previously
overseas subsidiaries. agreed actions;
The Society’s last audit tender was in relation to the audit of the — the Committee considered the findings from the review of the
2013 year end. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP were appointed as a financial reporting processes and controls related to the
result of that tender and their first audit was undertaken for the Society’s subsidiary, Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A. (Lloyd’s
2013 financial year. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP were Brussels). There were significant deficiencies identified in Lloyd’s
reappointed at the Society’s 2020 AGM. The audit engagement will Brussels, however, these were not material to the Society’s
be put out to tender no later than 31 December 2022. In discharging consolidated financial statements. A comprehensive remediation
its responsibilities for approving the terms of engagement of the plan has been prepared and is being implemented to strengthen
external auditors and monitoring the external auditors’ the financial reporting processes and controls in Lloyd’s Brussels;
independence, the Committee oversees the engagement of the — the Committee reviewed an annual report on the effectiveness
external auditors for non-audit services. This includes having in and operation of the Society’s whistleblowing systems and
place a policy to govern the non-audit services that may be controls; and
provided to the Society by the external auditors, setting out the
— the Committee also reviewed specific updates on the Society’s
circumstances in which the external auditors may be permitted to
whistleblowing controls, Lloyd’s Brussels and the Part VII transfer.
undertake non-audit services. All non-audit services require
approval from the Committee and must be justified and, if
appropriate, tendered before approval.
110 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Based on the Committee’s assessment of internal control, the
Committee concluded that the Society’s system of internal control
continues to provide reasonable (although not absolute) assurance
against material misstatement or loss.
Internal Audit
The Internal Audit function provides the Committee and Executive
Committee with independent and objective assurance on the
effectiveness of internal control and risk management across the
Society and its subsidiaries. The incumbent Head of Internal Audit
was appointed in March 2020. The Head of Internal Audit has a
direct reporting line to the Chair of the Committee with an
administrative reporting line to the Chief Executive Officer.
The use of Internal Audit is governed by the Charter and Operating
Standards, which set out the authority, scope and remit of the
Internal Audit function. Internal Audit submits a risk-based annual
plan of work for the Audit Committee’s review and approval. This
considers an independent view of the risks facing the Corporation,
as well as other factors such as strategic initiatives, emerging risks
and change. The annual plan is regularly reviewed by the Committee
and is updated as necessary to ensure appropriate focus on the key
risks. For 2020, the Committee was satisfied that appropriate
resources were in place.
Internal Audit’s remit only extends to the Society of Lloyd’s and, as
such, it does not undertake internal audit reviews of market
participants. However, given the Corporation’s role in providing
market oversight activity, Internal Audit does undertake reviews of
the mechanisms in place to ensure this oversight is both
appropriate and proportionate. This includes regular reviews of the
market’s function close and continuous monitoring of syndicates,
other oversight activities (such as ad hoc and thematic reviews),
and the role of the Capital & Planning Group (‘CPG’) and the annual
business forecast/capital return approval cycles.
The Committee satisfies itself as to the quality, experience and
expertise of the Internal Audit function through regular interaction
with the Head of Internal Audit. The performance of Internal Audit is
also subject to ongoing assessment and to an annual formal
evaluation that is achieved through assessment of the results of
feedback and questionnaires completed by the Executive
Committee and departments that have been subject to an internal
audit, in addition to the Committee members’ own views.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 111

Report of the Lloyd’s
Members’ Ombudsman
Report by Simon Cooper, Lloyd’s Members’
Ombudsman
I am pleased to present the Annual Report of the Lloyd’s Members’
Ombudsman to the Council of Lloyd’s for the year ended
31 December 2020.
The role of the Lloyd’s Members’ Ombudsman is to investigate
complaints by members and former members who were members
any time after 30 November 2001 and who believe that they have
suffered injustice in consequence of maladministration in relation to
any action taken by or on behalf of the Society.
Complaints received
During 2020 I dealt with three complaints.
I reported on the first complaint in July 2020 and on the second
complaint in October 2020. In both cases, I found that the
allegations of maladministration on the part of the Society were not
made out, and the complaints were therefore dismissed.
I received the third complaint in December 2020, and my
investigation of that complaint was ongoing as at 31 December
2020.
Costs
The expenses incurred by my office amounted to £17,025.
112 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Financial Review
This review should be read in conjunction with the financial statements of the Society on pages 127 to 181 and the Strategic Report on
pages 8 to 31. The Strategic Report sets out the strategic priorities for both the Society and the Lloyd’s market as a whole.
Operating surplus
The Society achieved an operating surplus for the year of £101m (2019: surplus of £61m). The operating surplus by business segment is set
out below:
Lloyd’s
Corporation Central 2020 2019
of Lloyd’s Fund Total Total
£m £m £m £m
Total income 384 127 511 483
Gross written premiums 5,978 – 5,978 2,466
Outward reinsurance premiums (5,978) – (5,978) (2,466)
Group operating expenses (408) (2) (410) (422)
Operating surplus (24) 125 101 61
Corporation of Lloyd’s
Total income for the Corporation increased by £26m to £384m (2019: £358m). There were no changes to the underlying charging basis or
rates for members’ subscriptions and overseas operating charges, which continue to be the main sources of income. Members’
subscriptions are based on syndicates’ planned gross written premiums for the 2020 underwriting year, which in aggregate were higher
than 2019 premiums, leading to a £5m increase in income. Income was recognised in respect of the market modernisation levy collected in
2019 and prior years, reflecting TOM funds utilised during the year. This led to a £23m increase in income compared with last year, but has
a net nil impact on the Corporation’s operating surplus.
The Part VII transfer of EEA insurance liabilities was completed on 30 December 2020, which led to the recognition of gross written
premium of £3,831m. As with all business written through Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A. (Lloyd’s Brussels) and Lloyd’s Insurance
Company China Limited (Lloyd’s China), the transferred liabilities are 100% reinsured to Lloyd’s syndicates. Excluding the Part VII transfer,
gross written premiums decreased to £2,147m (2019: £2,466m). The decrease reflects both a planned reduction in underwriting by both
Lloyd’s Brussels and Lloyd’s China and a reduction in prior year estimated premium income from the first year of Lloyd’s Brussels
underwriting in 2019. To finance the increased capital requirements of Lloyd’s Brussels, £404m of syndicate loans were issued during the
year.
Corporation operating expenses have decreased by £14m to £408m (31 December 2019: £422m). An exceptional provision of £51m was
recognised in 2019 for repair and maintenance of the 1986 building. Further reductions of £7m in premises expenses, including savings
from reduced rent on overseas office lease renewals, and lower bonus expenses (£14m) were also realised. These reductions are largely
offset by a £48m increase in project expenses, including Future at Lloyd’s and the Part VII transfer and a £13m increase in charitable
donations in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Central Fund
Total income for the Central Fund increased slightly to £127m (31 December 2019: £125m). Central Fund contributions contined to be
charged at a rate of 0.35% (1.4% for new syndicates) of syndicates’ planned gross written premium. There was no charge in the current or
prior period in respect of claims arising within the Central Fund and no payments were made in respect of insolvent corporate members in
the current or prior period.

Financial Review
continued
Investment performance
2020 2019
£m £m
Finance income 2 151
Finance costs (59) (51)
Net finance income (57) 100
The Society’s investments, mostly held within the Central Fund, generated income of £2m or a return of less than 1% during 2020 (2019:
£151m, 3.6%). Excluding exchange rate movements, investment income was £87m, reflecting a return of 2.1% (2019: £213m or 5.0%).
The Central Fund investment portfolio generated a positive return, excluding foreign exchange effects, benefiting from the portfolio de-
risking exercise during the year. The Society’s currency policy, which aims to preserve the solvency strength of the Central Fund by holding
US dollars, resulted in mark to market losses from US dollar weakening against sterling at the end of the year. Investment return was
therefore lower when including foreign exchange impacts.
Markets rebounded during the year following the initial volatility and turmoil in the markets witnessed over March 2020 as the COVID-19
pandemic spread across the globe. Equities again generated a positive return for the year as a whole. Action taken by Central Bankers
across the world to cut interest rates and restart or increase asset purchases, and positive vaccine developments led to a reduction in the
risk-free rate resulting in recovery of initial capital losses on government bonds.
Taxation
A tax charge of £10m (2019: £33m) on the surplus before tax of £56m (2019: £170m) has been recognised for the year ended 31 December
2020. Further details are set out in note 12.
Movement in net assets (£m)
Net assets at 1 January 2020 2,601
Surplus for the year 46
Actuarial loss on pension schemes (56)
Currency translation differences 16
Tax credit on other comprehensive income 16
Issuance of syndicate loans 404
Dividends paid on syndicate loans (4)
Net assets at 31 December 20201 3,023
1. The net assets of the Central Fund are included within the above amounts and at 31 December 2020 were £2,957m (2019: £2,483m).
Pension schemes
Lloyd’s pension scheme
On an IFRS basis, the Lloyd’s pension scheme valuation at 31 December 2020 was a deficit of £183m (31 December 2019: deficit of £137m)
before allowance for a deferred tax asset of £35m (2019: £24m).
The movement in the pension deficit during the year is summarised below:
2020 2019
£m £m
Pension deficit as at 1 January (137) (87)
Pension expense recognised in the Group income statement (3) (2)
Employer contributions 11 11
Remeasurement effects recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income (54) (59)
Pension deficit as at 31 December (183) (137)
The increase in the pension deficit was mainly due to a decrease in corporate bond yields and a change in financial assumptions, partly
offset by a higher than expected return on assets during the year. Further details are provided in note 13 which includes the sensitivity of
the valuation to changes in these assumptions.

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
The triennial funding valuation as at 30 June 2019, undertaken by Willis Towers Watson, was completed during the year. The total market
value of the Scheme’s assets at the date of the valuation was £810m and the total value of accrued liabilities was £889m, showing a
funding deficit of £79m. These figures exclude both liabilities and the related assets in respect of money purchase Additional Voluntary
Contributions (AVCs). A recovery plan, agreed by the Trustees, is in place.
Overseas pension schemes
The actuarial valuations of the overseas pension schemes at 31 December 2020 resulted in a deficit of £4m (2019: deficit of £3m). Further
details are provided in note 13.
Solvency
Total assets for solvency purposes are set out below. The 2020 position is an estimate of the amount which will be finalised in April 2021
alongside Lloyd’s Solvency and Financial Condition Report. The figures are calculated on a Solvency II basis. The solvency figures in the
table below are unaudited:
2020 2019
£m £m
Central assets at 31 December 3,023 2,601
Subordinated debt 795 794
Total 3,818 3,395
Solvency valuation adjustments 543 367
Available central own funds to meet the Central Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) 4,361 3,762
Excess central own funds not eligible to meet the Central SCR – (188)
Eligible central own funds available to meet the Central SCR 4,361 3,574
Central SCR 2,085 1,500
Central solvency ratio 209% 238%
The Central SCR covers central risks of the Society. This includes the risk that members may have insufficient capital to meet their losses.
The Central SCR may be covered only by central eligible own funds of the Society.
The solvency valuation adjustments above include items such as valuation differences arising and assets being disallowed due to the
valuation principles used in Solvency II. It also includes recognition of the callable layer, which may be taken from member level capital to
strengthen central resources.
The eligibility of assets to count towards the solvency coverage is also subject to tiering restrictions. All Tier 1 assets count fully towards
the solvency coverage assessment. However, Tier 2 and Tier 3 assets may only count up to a maximum of 50% of the SCR. The inclusion
of the Tier 2 subordinated debt issued means that Lloyd’s Tier 2 and 3 central capital exceeded 50% of the Central SCR by £nil as at
31 December 2020 (2019: £188m).
Based on central own funds eligible to meet the Central SCR of £4.4bn (2019: £3.6bn), the estimated solvency ratio is 209% (2019: 238%).
In setting contribution levels, account is taken of the Central SCR to ensure that Lloyd’s is prudently but competitively capitalised.
The central solvency ratio reported above is based on the solvency capital requirements (SCR) which has been calculated using the latest
approved version of the Lloyd’s Internal Model. The changes to economic conditions in the first six months of 2020 resulted in Lloyd’s
applying for a voluntary add-on to the approved model SCR output to ensure the current risk profile is reflected. The add-on is £0.4bn to
the central SCR and was effective from 26 August 2020, the date of the PRA’s approval. For central solvency, the collection of syndicate
loans issued during the year offsets the capital injection into Lloyd’s Brussels. The decrease in the central SCR reflects the strengthening
of the pound against the dollar, however does not reflect the benefit of the de-risking of the central fund.

Financial Review
continued
Brexit Central Fund investment strategy
The Brexit Withdrawal Agreement was signed between the UK and Central Fund investment strategy is considered in three parts.
the EU in January 2020 and this included provision for a transition
A proportion of assets is assigned to meet liquidity needs, based on
period lasting until 31 December 2020. Throughout the transition
a prudent estimate of net cash flows. These assets are commingled
period, the Executive Committee and senior management of the
with other liquid assets of Society companies and invested in bank
Society continued to work to assess the risks that could have arisen
deposits and other short-term securities, with maturities of up to
at the end of the transition period and to minimise their impact on
12 months. The objective is to optimise income, for a low level of
the Society, the Lloyd’s market and its policyholders, as well as to
risk, while ensuring that all cash flow requirements are met as they
seek optimal operating conditions.
fall due.
This work included completing the Part VII transfer and continuing
A majority of assets are invested in fixed interest securities of
to call for the EU to make positive determinations on reinsurance
a high credit quality and typically medium-term maturities. The
equivalence and data adequacy with respect to the UK. As the EU
financial risk exposures represented by subordinated debt
processes for reinsurance equivalence and data adequacy
securities issued by the Society are considered when determining
decisions have not yet been completed, Lloyd’s has modified its
the disposition of fixed interest investments. The return objective is
approaches where necessary to enable operations to continue
to optimise investment return in the longer term while maintaining
largely unaffected. Despite this continuity, we continue to see value
overall financial risk within defined limits.
in reinsurance equivalence and data adequacy for their harmonising
and streamlining effects on our processes. A proportion of assets are invested in equities and other return
seeking asset classes, also with an aim to optimise investment
On 25 November 2020, Lloyd’s received final approval from the
return in the longer term without exceeding defined risk tolerances.
High Court of England and Wales to transfer EEA non-life business
These investments are diversified among different asset classes to
written by the Lloyd’s market between 1993 and 2020 to Lloyd’s
help manage risk, and third-party investment managers are retained
Insurance Company S.A. (Lloyd’s Europe). The transfer took effect
to manage these investments within clearly defined investment
on 30 December 2020. The transfer ensures that pre-existing non-
parameters specified by the Society. Equity investments currently
life EEA policies written by the Lloyd’s market will be serviced by
include global developed and emerging market equities.
Lloyd’s Europe following the end of the Brexit transition period on
Investments in other growth assets include multi-asset credit and
31 December 2020.
hedge funds.
Lloyd’s Europe is a Solvency II compliant insurance company
authorised and regulated by the National Bank of Belgium and Financial risk management and treasury
regulated by the Financial Services and Markets Authority to write policies
non-life risks across all markets within the EEA. The company
Overview
started writing business incepting from 1 January 2019. As well as
The Society’s principal financial instruments comprise cash and
its capitalisation of EUR 553m, all LIC policies are 100% reinsured
cash equivalents, investments, borrowings and items that arise
to Lloyd’s syndicates and therefore backed by Lloyd’s unique Chain
directly from operations such as trade receivables and payables.
of Security capital structure, providing excellent financial security to
These include assets and liabilities of the Central Fund.
policyholders. The company has the same financial strength ratings
as the Society. The Society’s treasury operations and investments are managed by
reference to established policies that are reviewed regularly by the
Cash flows and liquidity Investment Committee. Overall risk is managed within defined limits,
Cash and cash equivalents increased during the year ended specified by the Council. Policies for managing these risks, in
31 December 2020 by £641m to £1,174m (2019: £533m). Cash particular credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk, are summarised
below. The following financial risk management objectives and
balances are maintained at appropriate levels to meet the short-
term operating expenses of the Society. Any surplus cash balances policies and disclosures within note 20 are audited.
are invested and are included as financial investments within the 1. Free cash balances are a metric which is consistently used to analyse financial
Group statement of financial position. performance in the Society Report. This metric (wherever used in the Annual Report)
is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM), with further information available on
The Corporation’s free cash balances1 are regularly monitored. Free page 184.
cash represents the amounts, both at bank and on deposit, held in
the UK and available to the Corporation to meet operating
expenses, including those of overseas operations, excluding any
balances held in respect of insurance and arbitration activities. Free
cash balances at 31 December 2020 were £460m (2019: £289m).
The liquidity of the Central Fund is monitored separately. Cash
balances are managed to meet short-term operational
commitments including the payment of drawdowns. Any surplus
cash balances are invested in compliance with defined investment
parameters approved by the Investment Committee.

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Credit risk The Society has not experienced any liquidity constraints or inability
Credit risk represents the risk of financial loss to the Society if to settle its obligations when due as a consequence of the current
a counterparty, or the issuer of a security, fails to meet its economic environment brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic.
contractual obligations.
Market risk
Trade and other receivables Market risk represents the risk that movements in financial markets
The Society has established procedures to minimise the risk of will affect the financial position of the Society. Market risks arising
default by trade and other receivables, which are mainly in respect from the disposition of the Society’s investments are monitored
of the Lloyd’s market, the main source of income. These procedures against defined parameters using Value at Risk methodology.
include minimum standard checks for new market entrants.
The position is reviewed regularly by the Investment Committee.
Financial investments Investments are actively monitored on a fair value basis and all
A list of permissible bank counterparties, for the purposes of investments are designated as fair value through profit or loss,
money-market investment, is maintained and restricted to banks other than statutory insurance deposits and short-term and security
having strong balance sheets and credit ratings. Investment deposits which are held at amortised cost.
parameters exist for all investment assets, controlling overall credit
As part of the strategy to mitigate these risks in relation to the
quality and ensuring appropriate risk diversification. Permitted
equity portfolio of investments, the Society has entered into a
counterparties to capital market transactions are also carefully
number of equity futures hedges.
controlled. All applicable parameters are reviewed regularly by the
Investment Committee in accordance with the risk appetite set by In response to the impact of COVID-19 on the financial markets, the
the Council. Society reduced its exposure to risk assets in the Central Fund
investment portfolio to mitigate the impact of market volatility and
Insurance contract assets
to lower market risk.
Insurance contract assets are all recoverable from Lloyd’s
syndicates. All syndicates benefit from the Lloyd’s chain of security, The valuation of the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme requires significant
therefore credit risk for insurance contract assets is concentrated judgement and is significantly impacted by short-term market
with the Society of Lloyd’s. The Society monitors the underwriting movements. In particular, the reduction in market bond yields during
profitability of syndicates by responding to the risk appetite of the the period has led to an increase in the actuarial value of Scheme
market, adjusting business planning for future years. liabilities at 31 December 2020. Further details, including sensitivity
analysis, are included in note 13.
Guarantees
The Society provides certain financial guarantees as security for the Foreign currency risk
underwriting activities of the members of Lloyd’s. The risk to The Society enters into a variety of foreign exchange transactions
guarantees is assessed by review of the performance of individual in response to the foreign currency requirements of Society Group
syndicates to proactively manage the Society’s exposure to companies. In managing the exposures arising from such foreign
financial loss. exchange activity, which may involve transactions for forward
settlement, the net risk arising from all such exposures is
There have been no instances arising which have led to the write-
considered. Consequently, while some net foreign exchange
down of receivables as a result of the current economic
exposures may accrue to the Society from time to time as a result
environment brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic. Regular
of this activity, the level of such exposures is carefully monitored
interaction is maintained with the regulatory bodies and the
and is not significant in the context of its activities.
government to ensure Lloyd’s continues to operate correctly and
efficiently in the current business market. Foreign currency exposures arising from overseas investments
are considered together with any foreign currency liabilities of
Liquidity risk
the Society, as well as the underlying currency mix of the Central
The value and term of short-term assets are carefully monitored
Solvency Capital Requirement, of which a high proportion is US
against those of the Society’s liabilities. The Society maintains
dollar based. Net foreign currency exposures arising are managed
sufficient liquid assets to meet liabilities as they fall due.
through the use of forward foreign exchange contracts.
The liquidity of the Central Fund is monitored separately. Cash
Separately, the Society provides a Currency Conversion Service
balances are managed to meet short-term operational
(CCS) to participating Lloyd’s syndicates, converting insurance
commitments including the payment of drawdown. Any surplus cash
premiums and claims between sterling and other Society settlement
balances are invested in compliance with defined investment
currencies as required. Foreign exchange exposures arising from
parameters approved by the Investment Committee in accordance
the provision of the CCS are again managed on a net basis, within
with the risk appetite set by the Council.
defined parameters. The CCS is operated separately from other
The Society had no committed borrowing facilities as at foreign exchange activity of the Society because, under the terms
31 December 2020 or 2019. Details of the senior loan notes placed of the service, any profit (or loss) arising from CCS exposures is
by the Society are included in note 24(i). distributed to (or collected from) syndicates participating in the
CCS. Currency exposures arising from CCS activity consequently
The Society has a strong free cash balance at 31 December 2020
do not, ultimately, represent significant risks to the Society.
of £460m (31 December 2019: £289m), with additional holdings in
short-term investments, making the Society’s liquidity very strong. The has been no change to the Society’s strategy in the current
In January 2020, the Society successfully issued £300m of senior economic environment brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic.
debt to finance the investment in the Future at Lloyd’s, and in June The Society continues to closely monitor exposure to foreign
and November, £119m and £285m respectively of syndicate loans currency transactions, along with the use of forward foreign
were raised, further strengthening the Society’s central resources. exchange contracts to mitigate a portion of the investment exposure
Further details are included in note 2. As a result, and in part due to governed by Lloyd’s risk appetite. As a result of this strategy, the
the de-risking of the Central Fund investment portfolio, the Society has a significant US dollar exposure. As sterling strengthened
Society’s cash and cash equivalents have increased to £1,174m against the US dollar, the Society recorded a loss on foreign
(31 December 2019: £533m). exchange of £85m, reducing the investment return for the period.

Financial Review
continued
Interest rate risk Assessment of viability
Borrowings from the Lloyd’s market for the purpose of funding The Council receive quarterly reports from the Risk Committee on
statutory insurance deposits do not bear a fixed rate of interest. the key risks and risk appetites, including the Society’s own risk and
Instead, investment returns earned on the borrowed assets are solvency assessment as well as stress testing resilience to severe
passed on to lenders. Consequently, no interest rate risk arises yet plausible scenarios. The principal risks and material
on such borrowings. uncertainties that would threaten the business model, future
performance, liquidity or solvency of the Lloyd’s market as a whole
Short-term assets held by the Society may be significant at certain
are set out on pages 10 to 31. In addition, the financial statements
times. These are invested in money market instruments of up to 12
include notes on investment strategy, financial risk management,
months’ duration with the objective of maximising current income
treasury policies and sensitivity analysis.
while meeting liquidity requirements.
The Lloyd’s capital structure is set out in the link provided in page
Interest rate risk arising from the requirement to make fixed rate
186 and Lloyd’s is required to maintain solvency on a continuous
coupon payments in respect of the Society’s senior and
basis. The solvency position of each member, and thus of Lloyd’s as
subordinated debt, and discretionary fixed rate coupon payments in
a whole, is monitored on a regular basis. Council considers
respect of the Society syndicate loans, is considered in conjunction
biannually management’s assessment of the current solvency
with the market risk arising on the Society’s investments.
position and the forecast position over a three-year period,
As part of the strategy to mitigate these risks, the Society has including resilience of central assets to meet the Central SCR.
entered into a number of interest rate swap contracts.
Viability statement
While the members of the Council have no reason to believe
Capital management
that the Society will not be viable over a longer period, the period
The Society monitors its capital to ensure that it maintains sufficient
over which the assessment is based is the three-year period to
assets for both operational and solvency purposes. Further
31 December 2023, being the period considered under the strategic
disclosures regarding financial instruments are provided in note 20. plan, including the detailed budgets prepared, and the solvency
Further details regarding solvency are given on page 115. projections of the Society.
Charitable donations The members of the Council believe that the Society is well placed
to manage its business risks successfully, having taken into account
In response to COVID-19 the Society has committed £15m in
the current economic outlook, and confirm that they have a
charitable donations. To date £13m has been donated: £5m to the
reasonable expectation that the Society will be able to continue in
Association of British Insurers’ COVID-19 Support Fund, £3m for
operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the three-year
charities nominated by Corporation staff globally, £2m to support
period ending 31 December 2023.
new and existing charity partners in the UK best placed to respond
to the pandemic, £2m for local organisations supported by the Going concern
Corporation’s global offices and £1m to Lloyd’s Charities Trust for After making enquiries, the members of the Council consider
the Lloyd’s Market Awards. The remaining funds are held in reserve it appropriate to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the
to support future needs relating to the pandemic. Society’s financial statements.
The Society has considered the possible financial implications of
Related party transactions
the ongoing disruption caused by COVID-19 in determing the
Except for disclosures made in note 29, no related party had
strategic plan. This included considering possible reductions in
material transactions with the Society in 2020.
operating income and additional provision for charges to the
Central Fund. The strategic plan, together with de-risking the
Going concern and viability statement
Central Fund investment portfolio, sensitivity analysis of the pension
Assessment of prospects obligations to market movements and other financial risks arising
The Lloyd’s business model and strategy are central to an from the COVID-19 pandemic, have been considered in making the
understanding of its prospects and details can be found on pages going concern assessment. Both the forecast solvency and liquidity
10 to 31. The strategy is subject to ongoing monitoring and position of the Society have taken these factors into account.
development.
Statement as to disclosure of information
The prospects of the Lloyd’s market, including the Society, are
primarily assessed through the annual strategic review and planning to auditors
process. The output of the review is a strategic plan to deliver any Having made enquiries, the Council confirms that:
recommendations. The review is led by the Chief Executive Officer
— to the best of each Council member’s knowledge and belief there
through the Executive Committee and all relevant departments are
is no information relevant to the preparation of the Society
involved. The Council participate fully in the process and part of
Report of which the Society’s auditors are unaware; and
their role is to consider whether the strategic plan continues to take
appropriate account of the external environment and meets the — each Council member has taken all the steps a Council member
needs of the market. might reasonably be expected to have taken to be aware of
relevant audit information and to establish that the Society’s
The review determines a set of medium-term targets, key
auditors are aware of that information.
performance indicators for the current year and activities to deliver
on those metrics. The latest three-year strategic plan (Lloyd’s
Strategy 2021 to 2023) was approved in December 2020 following
completion of the latest review cycle. As part of the planning
process, a financial budget for 2021 and financial assumptions for
2022 and 2023 were prepared for the Society.

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Outlook
Central assets, which exclude subordinated liabilities, are expected
to remain over £3bn in 2021. Following its meeting on 30 March
2021, the Council gave no further Undertakings to corporate
members to use the New Central Fund to discharge the liability of
members with unpaid cash calls who do not have the resources to
meet those calls. After taking account of the expiry of unutilised
Undertakings, the net movement in Undertakings is £nil (see note 5).
The operating expenses for the Corporation (excluding
organisational transformation costs) and its subsidiaries are
budgeted to be £303m in 2021*.
The Society will continue to invest in its strategic programmes,
particularly the Future at Lloyd’s for which £300m of funding was
raised in 2020. Completion of the insurance business transfer of
EEA business to Lloyd’s Brussels in 2020 (as described in the
Brexit section above) will be followed by a programme to reconsider
the Lloyd’s Europe operating model in 2021.
* Budgeted operating expenses is a metric which is consistently used to analyse financial
performance in the Society Report. This metric (wherever used in the Annual Report)
is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM), with further information available on
page 184.

Statement of the Council’s responsibilities for
the financial statements
The Council is responsible for preparing the Group financial
statements in accordance with byelaws made under Lloyd’s Act
1982 and international financial reporting standards adopted
pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as it applies in the
European Union.
The Council is required to prepare Group financial statements for
each financial year that present fairly the financial position of the
Society and the financial performance and cash flows of the Society
for that period. In preparing these Group financial statements, the
Council is required to:
— Select suitable accounting policies and then apply them
consistently;
— Present information, including accounting policies, in a manner
that provides relevant, reliable, comparable and understandable
information;
— Provide additional disclosures when compliance with the specific
requirements in international financial reporting standards
adopted pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as it applies
in the European Union is insufficient to enable users to
understand the impact of particular transactions, other events
and conditions on the Society’s financial position and financial
performance;
— Make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable
and prudent; and
— State that the Society has complied with international financial
reporting standards, subject to any material departures disclosed
and explained in the Group financial statements.
The Council is responsible for keeping proper accounting records
which disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial
position of the Society and enable it to ensure that the Group
financial statements comply with Article 4 of the IAS Regulation. As
the Society’s subordinated debt is admitted to trading in a regulated
market in the European Union, Council has elected to comply with
Article 4, which requires Group financial statements to be prepared
in conformity with international financial reporting standards
adopted pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as it applies in
the European Union. The Council is also responsible for
safeguarding the assets of the Society and hence for taking
reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and
other irregularities.
The Council is responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the
corporate and financial information included on the Society’s
website (lloyds.com). Legislation in the United Kingdom governing
the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ
from legislation in other jurisdictions.
The Council considers that the Annual Report, taken as a whole, is
fair, balanced and understandable and provides the information
necessary for stakeholders to assess the Society’s performance,
business model and strategy.

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Independent Auditors’ Report to the
Members of the Society of Lloyd’s
Report on the audit of the financial statements Materiality
Opinion — Overall materiality: £50,000,000 (2019: £39,300,000) based on
In our opinion, the Society of Lloyd's group financial statements (the 0.5% of total assets, excluding the impact of the Part VII transfer
‘financial statements’): to Lloyd's Insurance Company S.A. of EEA non-life insurance
business written in the Lloyd's market between 1993 and 2020,
— give a true and fair view of the state of the group’s affairs as at 31 rounded down to the nearest £1 million.
December 2020 and of its surplus and cash flows for the year
— Performance materiality: £37,500,000.
then ended;
— have been properly prepared in accordance with international
The scope of our audit
financial reporting standards adopted pursuant to Regulation
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and
(EC) No 1606/2002 as it applies in the European Union; and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the financial
— have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the statements.
Council byelaws made under the Lloyd’s Act 1982.
Capability of the audit in detecting irregularities, including fraud
Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with
We have audited the financial statements, included within the
laws and regulations. We design procedures in line with our
Annual Report, which comprise: the Group Statement of Financial
responsibilities, outlined in the Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit
Position as at 31 December 2020; the Group Income Statement, the
of the financial statements section, to detect material
Group Statement of Comprehensive Income, the Group Statement
misstatements in respect of irregularities, including fraud. The
of Changes in Equity and the Group Statement of Cash Flows for
extent to which our procedures are capable of detecting
the year then ended; and the notes to the financial statements,
irregularities, including fraud, is detailed below.
which include a description of the significant accounting policies.
Based on our understanding of the group and industry, we identified
Our opinion is consistent with our reporting to the Audit Committee.
that the principal risks of non-compliance with laws and regulations
Basis for opinion related to breaches of UK, European, US and China regulatory
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards principles, such as those governed by the Prudential Regulation
on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and applicable law. Our responsibilities Authority (PRA) and the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), and we
under ISAs (UK) are further described in the Auditors’ responsibilities considered the extent to which non-compliance might have a
for the audit of the financial statements section of our report. We material effect on the financial statements. We also considered
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and those laws and regulations that have a direct impact on the
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. preparation of the financial statements such as the Lloyd’s Act
1982. We evaluated management’s incentives and opportunities for
Independence
fraudulent manipulation of the financial statements (including the
We remained independent of the group in accordance with the
risk of override of controls), and determined that the principal risks
ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial
were related to posting inappropriate journal entries to manipulate
statements in the UK, which includes the FRC’s Ethical Standard, as
the Group's results and management bias applied in establishing
applicable to listed public interest entities, and we have fulfilled our
material accounting estimates. The group engagement team shared
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.
this risk assessment with the component auditors so that they could
To the best of our knowledge and belief, we declare that non-audit include appropriate audit procedures in response to such risks in
services prohibited by the FRC’s Ethical Standard were not provided. their work. Audit procedures performed by the group engagement
team and/or component auditors included:
Other than those disclosed in note 7 to the financial statements, we
have provided no non-audit services to the Society of Lloyd’s in the — discussions with management, the Audit Committee, internal
period under audit. audit, senior management involved in the Risk and Compliance
function and the group’s legal function, including consideration of
Our audit approach
known or suspected instances of non-compliance with laws,
Overview
regulations and fraud, and assessment of matters reported on
Audit scope
the Group's whistleblowing helpline and management’s
— We performed full scope audit procedures over three reporting investigation of such matters;
units for the Society of Lloyd's Group audit being the Central
— evaluation of management’s internal controls designed to prevent
Fund, the Corporation of Lloyd's and Lloyd's Insurance Company and detect irregularities, including the controls around related
S.A. For certain other reporting units, we performed audit
party transactions;
procedures over specified financial statement line item balances.
— reading key correspondence with the Group’s regulators,
For the remaining reporting units that were not inconsequential,
including for example, the Prudential Regulation Authority and the
analytical procedures were performed by the Group engagement
Financial Conduct Authority, in relation to compliance with laws
team.
and regulations;
Key audit matters — testing and challenging, where appropriate, the assumptions and
judgements made by management in their significant accounting
— Assumptions used in the valuation of the Lloyd's Pension Scheme
estimates, for example, in relation to the valuation of pension
liabilities
scheme liabilities, the Part VII transfer received into Lloyd's
— Part VII transfer received into Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A. Insurance Company S.A and the recognition of gross written
— Recognition of gross written premium within Lloyd's Insurance premium within Lloyd's Insurance Company S.A.;
Company S.A. — identifying and testing journal entries, in particular any journal
— Impact of COVID-19 entries posted with unusual account combinations including
those impacting revenue, backdated and post close entries, or

Independent Auditors’ Report to the
Members of the Society of Lloyd’s
continued
journals posted by senior management; Key audit matters
— reviewing internal audit reports so far as they related to non- Key audit matters are those matters that, in the auditors’
compliance with laws and regulations and fraud; and professional judgement, were of most significance in the audit of
the financial statements of the current period and include the most
— designing audit procedures to incorporate unpredictability around
significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not
the nature, timing or extent of our testing.
due to fraud) identified by the auditors, including those which had
the greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy; the allocation of
There are inherent limitations in the audit procedures described
resources in the audit; and directing the efforts of the engagement
above. We are less likely to become aware of instances of non-
team. These matters, and any comments we make on the results of
compliance with laws and regulations that are not closely related to
our procedures thereon, were addressed in the context of our audit
events and transactions reflected in the financial statements. Also,
of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion
the risk of not detecting a material misstatement due to fraud is
thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these
higher than the risk of not detecting one resulting from error, as
matters.
fraud may involve deliberate concealment by, for example, forgery
or intentional misrepresentations, or through collusion. This is not a complete list of all risks identified by our audit.
The Part VII transfer received into Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A.
and the recognition of gross written premium within Lloyd's
Insurance Company S.A. are new key audit matters this year.
Investment valuation, which was a key audit matter last year, is no
longer included because of the de-risking of the Central Fund
portfolio during the year. Otherwise, the key audit matters below are
consistent with last year.
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Assumptions used in the valuation of the Lloyd's Pension Scheme liabilities (refer also to note 13 to the
financial statements)
The Society of Lloyd’s operates a number of We used our actuarial experts to evaluate the key assumptions used to value the Lloyd's
defined benefit and defined contribution Pension Scheme. This included comparison of Lloyd's assumptions to our own independent
pension schemes. The principal scheme is the expectations based on our knowledge of the Lloyd's Pension Scheme and current financial
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme. The net liabilities of market conditions. We found the following:
the scheme total £183 million at 31 December
— the discount rate used in the valuation of the Lloyd's Pension Scheme liability was
2020 (2019: £137 million net liabilities). Certain
consistent with our expectations, taking into account the duration of the pension liability
key assumptions have a material impact in
and investment market conditions at 31 December 2020;
determining the valuation of the pension
scheme liabilities and therefore were subject — the retail and consumer price inflation rates used in the valuation of the Lloyd's Pension
to more audit attention from us. We focused Scheme liability were consistent with our expectations, taking into account the duration of
on these key assumptions which included the the pension liability and market expectations at 31 December 2020; and
discount rate; inflation; and post-retirement life — the post-retirement life expectancy assumptions were in line with the recent mortality
expectancy. experience of the Lloyd's Pension Scheme and with assumptions made by comparable UK
companies, and contain an appropriate allowance for how rates of mortality may change
in the future.
The results of our procedures indicated that the assumptions used in the valuation of the
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme liability were supported by the evidence we obtained.
Part VII transfer received into Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A. (refer also to note 6 to the financial statements)
The Lloyd’s Part VII transfer was a key Our work over the Part VII transfer was performed by our local component audit team with
milestone in the overall Lloyd’s Brexit solution. input and oversight from the Group engagement team. Our work focussed on understanding
The Part VII moved European insurance the underlying data analysis performed by management, the execution of the transfer and
policies, written in the Lloyd’s market between the resulting financial bookings. These procedures included:
1993 and 2020, from the underlying
— performing an end to end walkthrough of the data gathering and reconciliation exercise to
syndicates, to Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A
arrive at the policy data set to be transferred;
(‘LIC’) in Belgium. LIC then reinsured those
policies 100% back to the syndicates. This — examining the data inputs to the underlying data analysis, including obtaining assurance
helps achieve Brexit compliance by ensuring over the completeness and accuracy of the inputs;
that European insurance policies are being — detailed examination of the reconciliation performed to check for the accurate completion
administered by an EU regulated insurance of this exercise and assessment of judgements taken in the final definition and valuation
company. of the policies being transferred;
The Part VII transfer and reinsurance back — audit of the actuarial valuation exercise to define the total reserves, including incurred but
took place as back to back transactions, with not reported losses, attaching to the transferring policies as at the date of transfer; and
equal and opposite cash transactions, on 30 — vouching, on a total basis, cash settlements between Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A. and
December 2020. As a significant complex the syndicates as at the date of transfer.
one-off transaction the Part VII transfer was
subject to more audit attention from us. The results of our procedures indicated that the valuation of the Part VII transfer and the
associated accounting was supported by the evidence we obtained.

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Recognition of gross written premium within Lloyd's Insurance Company S.A. (refer also to note 6 to the
financial statements)
Auditing standards include a rebuttable Our work over premium and premium estimates in Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A. was
presumption that there is a significant risk of performed by our local component audit team with input and oversight from the Group
fraud in revenue recognition in all businesses, engagement team. Our work focused on understanding the changes made by management
and we determined that there was a significant in the year in respect of the methodology used to derive gross written premium, including
risk of fraud in respect of gross written estimated premiums, recognised by Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A. Specifically, we have:
premium recognised within Lloyd's Insurance
— examined the revised methodology and assessed the appropriateness of the underlying
Company S.A. We determined the key risk in
data and sources of information used for determining gross written premiums, including
this area to be around the judgemental
estimated premiums;
aspects of estimated premium income,
especially following changes made by — examined management’s documentation and reporting to those charged with governance
management in the year in respect of the in respect to the revised methodology and the conclusions, checking for consistency with
methodology used to derive gross written our understanding of the approach taken and the detailed steps performed;
premium including premium estimates. — tested the application of the revised methodology, including agreeing the appropriateness
of key inputs and source data, on a sample basis, and re-performing key reconciliations
where appropriate;
— engaged with our actuarial specialist team to support our assessment of management’s
revised methodology in respect of premium estimates;
— obtained management’s final analysis of the accounting impact of the revised
methodology and considered the implications for previously reported balances; and
— verified that the resulting changes in the accounting for, and recognition of, gross written
premium, including premium estimates have been appropriately reflected in the underlying
financial books and records.
The results of our procedures indicated that the revised methodology applied in determining
Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A’s gross written premium and the associated premium
estimates, were supported by the evidence we obtained.
Impact of COVID-19 (see discussion throughout the Annual Report for additional detail on management's response
to the pandemic)
The impact of COVID-19 on the Society of In response to the key areas identified as being impacted by COVID-19, we performed
Lloyd’s has been wide ranging. In addition to additional procedures to assess the implications upon the control environment that arose
responding to the operational challenges from the impact of the pandemic, including making inquiries of management regarding the
brought about by remote working, operation of controls. We assessed the results of this work for any indication of fraud or
management have assessed the impact of the error resulting from remote working.
pandemic on the Society of Lloyd’s ability to
We also obtained management's going concern assessment which also considered the
continue as a going concern.
impact of COVID-19 on the Society of Lloyd’s. The procedures performed in respect of
going concern, and the results of those procedures, are set out in the “Conclusion relating to
going concern” section below.
The results of our procedures indicated that the impacts of COVID-19 have been
understood, appropriately managed by management and disclosed within the financial
statements.
How we tailored the audit scope
We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an opinion on the financial statements as a
whole, taking into account the structure of the group, the accounting processes and controls, and the industry in which it operates.
The Society of Lloyd’s financial statements are a consolidation of a number of reporting units. In establishing the overall approach to the
group audit, we determined the type of work that needed to be performed at the reporting units by us, as the group engagement team, and
from other PwC network firms operating under our instruction. For the audit of the Society of Lloyd’s financial statements, all audit
procedures were performed centrally by the group engagement team with the exception of the audits of the financial information of Lloyd's
Insurance Company S.A. and Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited. Where the work was performed by a component auditor, we
determined the level of involvement we needed to have in the audit work at that reporting unit to be able to conclude whether sufficient
appropriate audit evidence had been obtained as a basis for our opinion on the financial statements as a whole. In our role as Group
auditors, we exercised oversight of work performed by component auditors including performing the following procedures: maintained an
active dialogue with reporting component audit teams throughout the year, including involvement in the risk assessment process during the
planning phase of the audit; worked closely with the reporting component audit teams to develop detailed work plans in key areas of focus
for the audit; attended meetings with local management; and performed detailed reviews of the reporting component audit teams working
papers; and attended meetings with local management.
For each reporting unit we determined whether we required an audit of their complete financial information or whether specified
procedures for particular balances would be sufficient. Audit procedures were performed over the complete financial information for the

Independent Auditors’ Report to the
Members of the Society of Lloyd’s
continued
Corporation of Lloyd’s, the Central Fund and Lloyd's Insurance Company S.A. reporting units to address the key audit matters identified
above. Additionally, we identified Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited and Additional Securities Limited, where certain account
balances were considered to be significant in size in relation to the Society of Lloyd's and scoped our audit to include detailed testing of
those account balances. For the remaining reporting units that were not inconsequential, analytical procedures were performed by the
Group engagement team.
Together, the reporting units where we performed our audit work accounted for greater than 90% of the Society of Lloyd's total assets and
surplus before tax.
Materiality
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. We set certain quantitative thresholds for materiality. These,
together with qualitative considerations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit and the nature, timing and extent of our audit
procedures on the individual financial statement line items and disclosures and in evaluating the effect of misstatements, both individually
and in aggregate on the financial statements as a whole.
Based on our professional judgement, we determined materiality for the financial statements as a whole as follows:
Overall group materiality £50,000,000 (2019: £39,300,000).
How we determined it 0.5% of total assets, excluding the impact of the Part VII transfer to Lloyd's Insurance Company S.A. of
EEA non-life insurance business written in the Lloyd's market between 1993 and 2020, rounded down
to the nearest £1 million.
Rationale for benchmark applied We have identified the key financial statement users as rating agencies, syndicate members,
policyholders and regulators, who will be primarily concerned with the overall asset position of the
Society of Lloyd's, as those assets provide financial security for the market. Therefore, we have
assessed that it is appropriate to use an asset based benchmark for the materiality determination
for the 31 December 2020 year end audit. We have adjusted the total assets benchmark to exclude
the impact of the Part VII transfer to Lloyd's Insurance Company S.A. of EEA non-life insurance
business written in the Lloyd's market between 1993 and 2020. Given that the additional assets in
respect of the Part VII transfer are matched by a corresponding increase in insurance liabilities we
did not feel that this should lead to a higher materiality as there has not been a significant change to
the Society of Lloyd's risk profile.
For each component in the scope of our group audit, we allocated a materiality that is less than our overall group materiality. The range of
materiality allocated across components was between £13,200,000 and £45,000,000. Certain components were audited to a local
statutory audit materiality that was also less than our overall group materiality.
We use performance materiality to reduce to an appropriately low level the probability that the aggregate of uncorrected and undetected
misstatements exceeds overall materiality. Specifically, we use performance materiality in determining the scope of our audit and the
nature and extent of our testing of account balances, classes of transactions and disclosures, for example in determining sample sizes. Our
performance materiality was 75% of overall materiality, amounting to £37,500,000 for the group financial statements.
In determining the performance materiality, we considered a number of factors - the history of misstatements, risk assessment and
aggregation risk and the effectiveness of controls - and concluded that an amount in the middle of our normal range was appropriate.
We agreed with the Audit Committee that we would report to them misstatements identified during our audit above £1,200,000 (2019:
£1,200,000) as well as misstatements below that amount that, in our view, warranted reporting for qualitative reasons.
Conclusions relating to going concern
Our evaluation of the Council’s assessment of the group's ability to continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting included:
— Validating management's analysis and supporting documentation as it related to the Society of Lloyd’s going concern;
— Assessing management's scenarios whereby they considered plausible downside sensitivities;
— Performing further sensitivity analysis on management’s going concern assessment and assessing the impact on the Society of Lloyd’s
capital, solvency and liquidity positions; and
— Assessing the disclosures made in the financial statements in respect of going concern.
Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that, individually or
collectively, may cast significant doubt on the group's ability to continue as a going concern for a period of at least twelve months from
when the financial statements are authorised for issue.
In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the Council’s use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation
of the financial statements is appropriate.
However, because not all future events or conditions can be predicted, this conclusion is not a guarantee as to the group's ability to
continue as a going concern.
In relation to the Council’s reporting on how they have applied the UK Corporate Governance Code, we have nothing material to add or
draw attention to in relation to the Council’s statement in the financial statements about whether the Council considered it appropriate to
adopt the going concern basis of accounting.
Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the Council with respect to going concern are described in the relevant sections of this
report.

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Reporting on other information
The other information comprises all of the information in the Annual Report other than the financial statements and our auditors’ report
thereon. The Council is responsible for the other information. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information
and, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion or, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in this report, any form of
assurance thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether
the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to
be materially misstated. If we identify an apparent material inconsistency or material misstatement, we are required to perform procedures
to conclude whether there is a material misstatement of the financial statements or a material misstatement of the other information. If,
based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to
report that fact. We have nothing to report based on these responsibilities.
Council members’ remuneration
The Society of Lloyd’s voluntarily prepares a Report of the Remuneration Committee in accordance with the provisions of the Companies
Act 2006. The Council requested that we audit the part of the Report of the Remuneration Committee specified by the Companies Act
2006 to be audited as if the Society of Lloyd’s were a quoted company.
In our opinion, the part of the Report of the Remuneration Committee to be audited has been properly prepared in accordance with the
Companies Act 2006.
Corporate governance statement
ISAs (UK) require us to review the Council’s statements in relation to going concern, longer-term viability and that part of the corporate
governance statement relating to the Society of Lloyd’s compliance with the provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code, which the
Listing Rules of the Financial Conduct Authority specify for review by auditors of premium listed companies. Our additional responsibilities
with respect to the corporate governance statement as other information are described in the Reporting on other information section of
this report.
Based on the work undertaken as part of our audit, we have concluded that each of the following elements of the corporate governance
statement is materially consistent with the financial statements and our knowledge obtained during the audit, and we have nothing material
to add or draw attention to in relation to:
— The Council’s confirmation that it has carried out a robust assessment of the emerging and principal risks;
— The disclosures in the Annual Report that describe those principal risks, what procedures are in place to identify emerging risks and an
explanation of how these are being managed or mitigated;
— The Council’s statement in the financial statements about whether it considered it appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of
accounting in preparing them, and its identification of any material uncertainties to the group’s ability to continue to do so over a period of
at least twelve months from the date of approval of the financial statements;
— The Council’s explanation as to its assessment of the group's prospects, the period this assessment covers and why the period is
appropriate; and
— The Council’s statement as to whether it has a reasonable expectation that the Society of Lloyd’s will be able to continue in operation
and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the period of its assessment, including any related disclosures drawing attention to any
necessary qualifications or assumptions.
Our review of the Council’s statement regarding the longer-term viability of the group was substantially less in scope than an audit and only
consisted of making inquiries and considering the Council’s process supporting their statement; checking that the statement is in alignment
with the relevant provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code; and considering whether the statement is consistent with the financial
statements and our knowledge and understanding of the group and its environment obtained in the course of the audit.
In addition, based on the work undertaken as part of our audit, we have concluded that each of the following elements of the corporate
governance statement is materially consistent with the financial statements and our knowledge obtained during the audit:
— The Council’s statement that they consider the Annual Report, taken as a whole, is fair, balanced and understandable, and provides the
information necessary for the members to assess the group’s position, performance, business model and strategy;
— The section of the Annual Report that describes the review of effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems; and
— The section of the Annual Report describing the work of the Audit Committee.
We have nothing to report in respect of our responsibility to report when the Council’s statement relating to the Society of Lloyd’s
compliance with the Code does not properly disclose a departure from a relevant provision of the Code specified under the Listing Rules
for review by the auditors.

Independent Auditors’ Report to the
Members of the Society of Lloyd’s
continued
Responsibilities for the financial statements and the audit
Responsibilities of the Council for the financial statements
As explained more fully in the Statement of the Council's responsibilities for the financial statements, the Council is responsible for the
preparation of the financial statements in accordance with the applicable framework and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair
view. The Council is also responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, the Council is responsible for assessing the group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing,
as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Council either intends to
liquidate the group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance,
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
Our audit testing might include testing complete populations of certain transactions and balances, possibly using data auditing techniques.
However, it typically involves selecting a limited number of items for testing, rather than testing complete populations. We will often seek to
target particular items for testing based on their size or risk characteristics. In other cases, we will use audit sampling to enable us to draw
a conclusion about the population from which the sample is selected.
A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the FRC’s website at:
www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our auditors’ report.
Use of this report
This report, including the opinions, has been prepared for and only for the Society of Lloyd’s members as a body in accordance with the
Lloyd’s Act 1982 and for no other purpose. We do not, in giving these opinions, accept or assume responsibility for any other purpose or to
any other person to whom this report is shown or into whose hands it may come save where expressly agreed by our prior consent in
writing.
Other required reporting
Under the terms of our engagement we have agreed to report to you if, in our opinion:
— we have not obtained all the information and explanations we require for our audit;
— proper accounting records have not been maintained by the Society of Lloyd’s; or
— certain disclosures of Council’s remuneration specified by law are not made.
We have no exceptions to report arising from this responsibility.
Appointment
Following the recommendation of the Audit Committee, we were appointed by the members in July 2013 to audit the financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2013 and subsequent financial periods. The period of total uninterrupted engagement is 8 years, covering
the years ended 31 December 2013 to 31 December 2020.
Paul Pannell (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditors
London
8 April 2021

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Group Income Statement
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
2020 2019
Note £m £m
Corporation operating income 384 358
Central Fund income 127 125
Gross written premiums 4, 6 5,978 2,466
Outward reinsurance premiums 4, 6 (5,978) (2,466)
Total income 3, 4 511 483
Gross insurance claims and insurance expenses incurred 6 (5,824) (1,302)
Insurance claims and expenses recoverable from reinsurers 6 5,824 1,302
Group operating expenses 3, 7 (410) (422)
Operating surplus 101 61
Finance costs 9 (59) (51)
Finance income 9 2 151
Share of profits of associates and joint ventures 11 12 9
Surplus before tax 56 170
Tax charge 12 (10) (33)
Surplus for the year 46 137
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 127

Group Statement of Comprehensive Income
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
2020 2019
Note £m £m
Surplus for the year 46 137
Other comprehensive (expense)/income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Remeasurement loss on pension liabilities 13 (54) (59)
Share of remeasurement loss on associate pension liabilities (2) –
Tax credit relating to items that will not be reclassified 12 16 10
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Currency translation differences 16 (14)
Net other comprehensive deficit for the year (24) (63)
Total comprehensive income for the year 22 74
128 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report MarketResults Society Report Other Information
Group Statement of Financial Position
(As at 31 December 2020)
2020 2019
Note £m £m
Assets
Intangible assets 14 54 16
Lloyd’s collection 15 15 15
Plant and equipment 15 13 13
Right-of-use asset 2, 16 155 156
Deferred tax asset 12 56 47
Tax receivable 29 –
Investment in associates and joint ventures 11 24 21
Insurance contract assets 3, 6 7,095 1,878
Loans recoverable 17 32 34
Financial investments at fair value through profit and loss 18 2,676 2,788
Financial investments at amortised cost 18 1,433 1,174
Trade and other receivables due within one year 19 1,713 1,145
Prepayments and accrued income 19 12
Derivative financial instruments 20 21 25
Cash and cash equivalents 21, 27 1,174 533
Total assets 14,509 7,857
Equity and liabilities
Equity
Accumulated reserve 22 2,468 2,466
Translation reserve 22 26 10
Revaluation reserve 22 15 15
Syndicate loans 2, 23 514 110
Total equity 3,023 2,601
Liabilities
Senior and subordinated debt 24 1,094 794
Insurance contract liabilities 3, 6 7,095 1,878
Pension liabilities 13 187 140
Provisions 25 66 80
Loans funding statutory insurance deposits 805 690
Trade and other payables 26 1,929 1,372
Accruals and deferred income 124 136
Tax payable – 1
Lease liability 2, 16 154 152
Derivative financial instruments 20 32 13
Total liabilities 11,486 5,256
Total equity and liabilities 14,509 7,857
Approved and authorised by the Council on 8 April 2021 and signed on its behalf by
Bruce Carnegie-Brown John Neal
Chairman Chief Executive Officer
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 129

Group Statement of Changes in Equity
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
Accumulated Translation Revaluation Syndicate
reserve reserve reserve loans Total equity
Note £m £m £m £m £m
At 1 January 2019 2,378 24 15 – 2,417
Syndicate loans – – – 110 110
Surplus for the year 137 – – – 137
Net other comprehensive deficit for the year (49) (14) – – (63)
At 31 December 2019 22 2,466 10 15 110 2,601
Syndicate loans 2, 23 – – – 404 404
Dividend paid on syndicate loans (4) – – – (4)
Surplus for the year 46 – – – 46
Net other comprehensive (deficit)/surplus for the year (40) 16 – – (24)
At 31 December 2020 22 2,468 26 15 514 3,023
130 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Group Statement of Cash Flows
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
2020 2019
Note £m £m
Cash generated from operations 27 33 145
Tax paid (33) (69)
Net cash generated from operating activities – 76
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of intangible assets 14 (66) (12)
Purchase of plant and equipment 15 (4) (5)
Purchase of financial investments 18 (3,074) (2,110)
Receipts from the sale of financial investments 18 3,183 1,834
Increase in short-term deposits 18 (148) (10)
Dividends received from associates and joint ventures 11 14 7
Investment in joint venture 2 (7) –
Interest received 37 52
Dividends received 9 5 7
Settlement of derivative contracts (54) (9)
Net cash used in investing activities (114) (246)
Cash flows from financing activities
Syndicate loans 2, 23 404 110
Senior loan note issuance 299 –
Interest paid on senior debt (4) –
Interest paid on subordinated notes (38) (38)
Dividend paid on syndicate loans (4) –
Increase in borrowings for statutory insurance deposits 115 65
Lease payments 2, 16 (25) (27)
Net cash generated from financing activities 747 110
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 633 (60)
Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 8 (8)
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 533 601
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December 21 1,174 533
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 131

Notes to the Financial Statements
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
1. Basis of preparation and consolidation — Employee benefits – defined benefit pension scheme – significant
In 1871, by Lloyd’s Act 1871, the then existing association of assumptions are made to estimate the actuarial value of scheme
underwriters was incorporated in the United Kingdom as the liabilities (see note 2(k) and note 13, Principal actuarial
Society and Corporation of Lloyd’s (the Society). Its activities are assumptions in respect of IAS 19); and
accordingly governed by statute and, since 1982, have been — Insurance and reinsurance contracts – liabilities and reinsurance
managed by the Council of Lloyd’s (the Council) pursuant to Lloyd’s assets – significant assumptions are made to estimate insurance
Act 1982. Its principal place of business is at One Lime Street, contract liabilities and assets, in particular the provision for
London EC3M 7HA. insurance claims, including claims incurred but not reported (see
note 2(g) and note 6, Provision for insurance claims).
The Society’s main corporate purposes are to facilitate the carrying
on of insurance business by members of Lloyd’s and the
(b) Plant and equipment
advancement and protection of their interests in this context. The
Plant and equipment are held at cost less accumulated depreciation
Group financial statements of the Society comprise the financial
and any impairment in value.
statements of the Society and all its subsidiary undertakings, the
Lloyd’s Central Fund and the Group’s interest in associates and joint Depreciation is charged on a straight-line basis on the following
ventures as at each reporting date. Subsidiary undertakings are principal categories:
consolidated from the date of their acquisition, being the date on
which the Society obtains control, and continue to be consolidated
— Furniture and fittings are depreciated over seven to 25 years
until the date that such control ceases. The Group financial according to the estimated useful life of the asset;
statements are prepared using consistent accounting policies. All — Computer and specialised equipment are depreciated over two to
intra-Group balances and transactions are eliminated in full. 15 years according to the estimated useful life of the asset; and
The Group financial statements have been prepared in accordance — Equipment on hire or lease is depreciated over the period of the
with international financial reporting standards adopted pursuant to lease.
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as it applies in the European Union
(c) Intangible assets
and on a historic cost basis, except for financial assets and liabilities
at fair value through profit or loss and the Lloyd’s Collection, which Intangible assets recognised by the Society consist of software
are measured at fair value. development assets. Costs incurred in acquiring and developing
computer software are capitalised as intangible assets where the
Other financial liabilities, which include the subordinated notes and software supports a significant business system and the
lease liabilities, are carried at amortised cost. The Group financial expenditure leads to the creation of an identifiable asset of value.
statements are presented in pounds sterling and all values are Software development is held at cost less accumulated
rounded to the nearest million (£m). amortisation and any impairment in value. Capitalised software is
The Society is regulated by the Prudential Regulatory Authority and amortised on a straight-line basis over its expected useful life.
the Financial Conduct Authority. Computer software typically has an expected useful life of up to
seven years, although a longer lifetime may be determined for
2. Principal accounting policies certain strategic market systems.
Summary of significant accounting policies (d) Lloyd’s Collection
This section provides a list of the significant accounting policies The Lloyd’s Collection represents various paintings, antiques and
adopted in the preparation of these consolidated financial artefacts which are included at fair value and is valued every three
statements to the extent that they have not been superseded by years, unless there is any indication of impairment. Any revaluation
accounting policies adopted due to amendments to accounting surplus or deficit is recognised in the Group statement of
standards that became effective from 1 January 2020 (see note comprehensive income and is reflected in the revaluation reserve
2(p)). The policies have been consistently applied to all the years within the Group statement of changes in equity.
presented, unless otherwise stated.
(e) Investment in associates and joint ventures
(a) Critical accounting estimates and assumptions An associate is an entity in which the Society has significant
In preparing the financial statements, significant estimates and influence, and which is not a subsidiary undertaking or joint venture.
judgements are made in respect of some of the items reported. A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have
joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets of the
The main areas of accounting judgement on policy application are:
arrangement. The Society’s investments in associates and joint
— Revenue – income recognition – some judgement has been ventures are accounted for under the equity method of accounting.
applied in determining when service obligations have been
Under the equity method, the investments in associates and joint
completed, in particular with respect to the market modernisation
ventures are carried in the Group statement of financial position at
levy (see note 2(j) and note 4, Market modernisation levy); and
cost plus post-acquisition changes in the Society’s share of net
— Provisions – judgement is required to determine whether
assets of the associates and joint ventures. Goodwill relating to an
estimated future 1986 building repair and maintenance expenses
associate is included in the carrying amount of the investment and
require provision (see note 25, Lease cost provision).
is not amortised. After application of the equity method, the Society
determines whether it is necessary to recognise any additional
Information about the main accounting assumptions made by the
impairment loss with respect to the Society’s net investment in an
Society about the future, and other sources of estimation uncertainty
associate or joint venture. The Group income statement reflects its
at the end of the reporting period, that could result in material
share of the results of operations of associates and joint ventures.
misstatement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities in the
The Society’s share of associates’ other comprehensive income is
next financial year are provided in the following sections:
recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income.
132 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
(f) Impairment of non-financial assets An impairment review is performed on all reinsurance assets when
The Society performs annual impairment testing to assess whether an indication of impairment occurs. Reinsurance assets are
there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. If any such impaired only if there is objective evidence that the Society may not
indication exists an impairment loss is recognised for the amount by receive all amounts due to it under the terms of the contract and
which the asset’s carrying value exceeds its recoverable amount. this can be measured reliably.
The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less
Reinsurance commission income is receivable from syndicates as a
costs of disposal and value in use.
percentage of insurance premiums written.
Prior impairments of non-financial assets are reviewed for possible
Claims recoverable under the Society’s reinsurance agreements are
reversal at each reporting date.
recognised and measured in line with insurance claims relating to
(g) Insurance and reinsurance contracts the policies they reinsure.
In accordance with IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts, the Society applies
Insurance premiums
established UK accounting practices for insurance contracts,
Insurance premiums represent premiums on business incepting
modified as appropriate to comply with the IFRS framework and
during the year, together with adjustments for premiums written in
applicable standards.
previous accounting periods. Premium income is recognised over
Insurance and reinsurance contracts are defined as those the period of cover, taking the underlying risk exposure into
containing significant insurance risk which arises if, and only if, an account. Premiums written are stated before deduction of
insured event could cause an insurer to pay significant additional commissions but net of taxes, duties levied on premiums and other
benefits in any scenario, excluding scenarios that lack commercial similar deductions. Gross written premiums are presented before
substance, at the inception of the contract. Such contracts remain adjustment for the movement in unearned premium reserve.
insurance contracts until all rights and obligations are extinguished
Outward reinsurance premiums
or expired.
Outward reinsurance premiums are recognised over the period of
The Society’s policy for measuring balances for insurance contracts cover of the reinsured contracts, in line with premium income
issued by overseas subsidiaries is to apply the valuation technique recognised.
used in the issuing entity’s local statutory or regulatory reporting.
Insurance claims
Therefore, for insurance contracts issued by Lloyd’s Insurance
Claims incurred in insurance related activities consist of claims and
Company (China) Limited (Lloyd’s China), balances are calculated in
claims handling expenses paid during the year together with the
accordance with the People’s Republic of China Generally
movement in outstanding claims. Outstanding claims are
Accepted Accounting Principles (PRC GAAP). For insurance
the estimated final cost of all claims incurred but not settled
contracts issued by, or transferred to Lloyd’s Insurance Company
at the reporting date, including claims incurred but not reported.
S.A. (Lloyd’s Brussels), balances are calculated in accordance with
Subsequent information and events may result in the ultimate
Belgian Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (Belgian GAAP).
liability being less than, or greater than, the amount provided. Any
There are no differences between PRC GAAP, Belgian GAAP and
differences between the provision and subsequent settlements are
International Financial Reporting Standards that have a material
reflected within the Group financial statements of later years when
impact on the Society financial statements.
differences between provision and subsequent settlement become
Gross premiums and outward reinsurance premiums are presented apparent. Note 6 provides further details of how insurance claims
on a written basis in the Group income statement as we believe this are estimated.
provides relevant information on the volume of insurance business
Outstanding claims reserves include a risk margin. A liability
underwritten during the period. Gross written premiums are
adequacy test is undertaken annually, the test undertaken meets
recognised on the date of inception of the contract as the total
the minimum requirements of paragraph 16 of IFRS 4; refer to note
estimated premiums receivable. Gross written premiums include the
6 for details.
impact of the difference between estimated premium recognised in
previous periods and actual income received. (h) Financial assets
Financial assets classification
Gross premiums and outward reinsurance premiums earned are
Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, in the following
recognised proportionally over the period of coverage in line with
measurement categories:
the incidence of risk. An estimate is made of the incidence of risk
exposure across the period of coverage of the insurance contracts. — those to be measured at fair value through profit or loss; and
Unearned premium reserves and reinsurer’s share of unearned — those to be measured at amortised cost.
premium reserves are calculated after deducting acquisition costs
such as commissions, handling fees, business taxes, surcharges The classification depends on the Society’s business model for
and regulatory charges. Premiums earned during the year are managing the financial assets and the contractual terms of the cash
disclosed in note 6. flows. The Society measures financial assets at amortised cost if
Reinsurance contracts both of the following conditions are met:
Lloyd’s Brussels and Lloyd’s China enter into reinsurance — the financial asset is held within a business model with the
agreements with syndicates to reinsure 100% of the insurance objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual
premiums written. The amounts the Society is entitled to under cash flows; and
reinsurance contracts are recognised as insurance contract assets.
— the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified
Amounts recoverable from or due to reinsurers are measured
dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
consistently with the amounts associated with the reinsured
interest on the principal amount outstanding.
contracts. Insurance and reinsurance payables primarily comprise
premiums payable for outward reinsurance contracts.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 133

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
2. Principal accounting policies continued When the Society has neither transferred nor retained substantially
(h) Financial assets continued all the risks and rewards and has retained control of the asset, the
The Society’s financial assets at amortised cost includes short term asset continues to be recognised only to the extent of the Society’s
and security deposits, statutory insurance deposits, loans continuing involvement, in which case, the Society also recognises
recoverable and trade and other receivables due within one year. an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated
liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss include financial
obligations that the Society has retained.
assets held for trading, or financial assets mandatorily required to
be measured at fair value. Financial assets are classified as held for Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the
trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling or transferred asset is measured at the lower of the original carrying
repurchasing in the near term. Derivatives are also classified as held amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration the
for trading. Financial assets with cash flows that are not solely Society could be required to pay.
payments of principal and interest are classified and measured at
Expected credit losses of financial assets
fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.
The Society recognises an allowance for expected credit losses for
This category includes government fixed interest securities,
all debt instruments not held at fair value through profit or loss.
corporate securities, emerging market investments, equities, hedge
Expected credit losses are based on the difference between the
funds, multi-asset investments and loan investments.
contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all
Initial recognition the cash flows that the Society expects to receive, discounted at an
At initial recognition, the Society measures a financial asset at its approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected
fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset not valued at fair value cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or
through profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.
to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of
Expected credit losses are recognised in two stages. For credit
financial assets carried at fair value through profit and loss are
exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in
expensed in the Group income statement.
credit risk since initial recognition, allowance is made for credit
Subsequent measurement losses that result from default events that are possible within the
The subsequent measurement of financial instruments depends on next 12 months (12 month expected credit losses). For those credit
their classification as follows: exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit
risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit
— Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss are
losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure,
carried in the Group statement of financial position at fair value.
irrespective of the timing of the default (lifetime expected credit
Gains and losses arising from changes in their fair value are
losses).
included in the Group income statement in the period in which
they arise. When financial assets are interest bearing, interest For trade receivables and insurance contract assets, the Society
calculated using the effective interest method is recognised in applies a simplified approach in calculating expected credit losses.
the Group income statement; and Therefore, the Society does not track changes in credit risk, but
instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime expected
— Where financial instruments are carried at amortised cost, the
credit losses at each reporting date. The Society has established a
value is computed using the effective interest rate method less
provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss
any allowance for impairment and principal repayment or
experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the
reduction. The calculation takes into account any premium or
debtors and the economic environment.
discount on acquisition and includes transaction costs and fees
that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The Society considers a financial asset in default when contractual
payments are 90 days past due. However, in certain cases, the
Derecognition Society may also consider a financial asset to be in default when
A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or internal or external information indicates that the Society is unlikely
part of a group of similar financial assets) is derecognised when: to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking
into account any credit enhancements held by the Society.
— The rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or
A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable
— The Society has transferred its right to receive cash flows from
expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.
the asset and has substantially transferred all the risks and
rewards; or (i) Financial liabilities
Initial recognition and measurement
— The Society has assumed an obligation to pay the received cash
Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, at fair value
flows in full and has substantially transferred all the risks and
through profit or loss, loans and borrowings or as payables, as
rewards; or
appropriate, and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables,
— The Society has neither transferred nor retained substantially all net of directly attributable transaction costs.
the risks and rewards of the asset but has transferred control of
Subsequent measurement
the asset; and
The measurement of financial liabilities depends on their
— The Society considers control to be transferred if and only if, the
classification, as described below:
transferee has the practical ability to sell the asset in its entirety
to an unrelated third-party and is able to exercise that ability Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
unilaterally and without imposing additional restrictions on the Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include
transfer. financial liabilities held for trading. Financial liabilities are classified
as held for trading if they are incurred for the purpose of
repurchasing in the near term. This category also includes derivative
134 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
financial instruments entered into by the Society. Gains or losses on — Reinsurance commissions are earned on premiums earned by
liabilities held for trading are recognised in the Group income Lloyd’s Brussels and on premiums written by Lloyd’s China.
statement.
For members’ subscriptions, market charges and other services,
Loans and borrowings and payables
and Central Fund contributions, the period for which the service is
After initial recognition, interest bearing loans and borrowings are
provided is the financial year and performance obligations are
subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
generally satisfied within the financial year. Revenue arising in
interest rate method. Gains and losses are recognised in the Group
respect of members’ subscriptions, the market modernisation levy
income statement when the liabilities are derecognised as well as
and Central Fund contributions are calculated by applying a
through the effective interest rate amortisation process. Amortised
percentage to the forecast Gross written premiums of each
cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium
syndicate underwriting year.
on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the
effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is Where performance obligations are not satisfied in the financial
included as finance costs in the Group income statement. This year, revenue is recognised based on the extent to which service
category generally applies to interest bearing loans and borrowings. obligations are completed. Judgement has been applied in
determining revenue recognised for the year.
Derecognition
A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the Trade receivables represent the Society’s right to an amount of
liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. When an existing consideration that is unconditional (only the passage of time is
financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on required before payment of the consideration is due).
substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are
(k) Employee benefits
substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated
The Society accounts for pensions and similar benefits (principally
as the derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of a
income protection due to ill health) under IAS 19 Employee Benefits.
new liability. The difference in the respective carrying amounts is
The Society operates a number of defined benefit pension schemes
recognised in the Group income statement.
in which obligations are measured at discounted present value using
Syndicate loans the projected unit credit method, while plan assets are recorded at
Syndicate loans to the Central Fund were issued on 26 June 2020 fair value. Judgement is required in determining the economic and
and 6 November 2020, increasing equity by £119m and £285m demographic assumptions underpinning the estimated actuarial
respectively (2019: £110m). The loan issue strengthened the value of scheme liabilities. These judgements are based on
Society’s central resources and facilitated the injection of capital to observable historic data and in many cases, publicly available
Lloyd’s Brussels. information. The operating and financing income and costs of the
scheme are recognised in the Group income statement. Service
The amount collected is based on a percentage of the syndicate
costs, financing income (expected return on plan assets) and costs
gross written premium forecast. The loans are treated as equity as
are recognised in the periods in which they arise. Actuarial gains and
there is no contractual obligation to settle the loans and the Society
losses are recognised in full in the Group statement of
may elect not to settle at its sole discretion (other than on liquidation).
comprehensive income in the period in which they occur.
Further details on syndicate loans can be found in note 23.
Costs of discretionary awards in respect of past service are
(j) Revenue
recognised in the Group income statement when amounts are
The Society supports the market to underwrite risks through its
committed to be paid or there is a constructive liability to make
trading rights and distribution network. It also ensures that the
awards to pensioners.
market remains well capitalised and provides services to enable the
market’s efficient operation. Revenue consists of members’ Payments to separately administered defined contribution schemes
subscriptions, various market charges and Central Fund are charged to the Group income statement as they fall due.
contributions.
Short-term bonuses are accrued in the period to which they relate,
Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when long-term bonuses are recognised over their vesting period.
services are transferred to the customer, at an amount that reflects
(l) Taxation
the consideration to which the Society expects to be entitled in
Corporation tax on the surplus or deficit for the periods presented
exchange for those services.
comprise current and deferred tax. Corporation tax is recognised in
— Members’ subscriptions, market charges and other services are the Group income statement except to the extent that it relates to
recognised in the period for which the service is provided. These items recognised directly in the Group statement of comprehensive
are recognised on a basis that reflects the timing, nature and income.
value of the benefits provided;
Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for
— Central Fund contributions from members underwriting in the the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the
year are recognised in the period for which the service is reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of
provided; previous years.
— Interest receivable is recognised on a time apportioned basis
Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary
using the effective interest method. Any unwinding of discount is
differences and deferred tax assets are recognised for all
recognised as interest income;
deductible temporary differences and unutilised tax losses to the
— Dividend income from equity investments is included in the Group extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against
income statement on the ex-dividend date; and which the deductible temporary differences or tax losses can be
— Other income is recognised on a basis that reflects the timing, utilised.
nature and value of the benefits provided
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 135

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
2. Principal accounting policies continued — The Society has also adopted the ongoing practical expedient of
(l) Taxation continued expensing the lease payments for contracts with a duration of
Deferred tax is measured on an undiscounted basis at the rates that 12 months or less and contracts for which the underlying asset is
are expected to apply in the periods in which timing differences of a low value to the Group income statement on a straight-line
reverse, based on tax rates and laws enacted or substantively basis over the lease term.
enacted at the reporting date.
Lease portfolio
(m) Central Fund claims and provisions
The Society’s lease portfolio encompasses property in the UK,
Central Fund claims and provisions (Undertakings) are accounted
Europe, Asia and the Americas. The 1986 Building is the material
for when they are approved by the Council and become contractual
component of the portfolio and accounts for 85% (2019: 88%) of
commitments. These Undertakings are granted wholly at the
the right-of-use net book asset value. The 1986 Building has a lease
discretion of the Council for a fixed period, normally one year, and
duration of 35 years.
therefore are not deemed to be constructive obligations, except for
renewals of those commitments previously granted. Rental payments are either fixed, subject to rent reviews or are
index-linked. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability
For those corporate members in provisional liquidation, the Council
and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to the Group income
provides a supporting commitment, which will ensure that in no
statement over the lease period so as to produce a constant
circumstance will an insurance creditor receive less than the
periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for
amount it would have received in a winding up commencing on the
each period. The right-of-use asset is depreciated over the shorter
date of the provisional liquidation. As the supporting Undertakings
of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis
are legally enforceable commitments, an estimate of their value is
and is subject to testing for impairment if there is an indicator
included within provisions in the Group financial statements and
of impairment.
changes during the period are reflected in the Group income
statement. The Council has provided no such supporting The application of IFRS 16 requires management to make
commitments during the year and therefore no provision is held at judgements that affect the valuation of the lease liabilities and the
year end. valuation of the right-of-use assets. These include:
Recoveries in respect of Undertakings previously given are credited — Determining contracts in scope of IFRS 16;
to the Group income statement when contractually committed to be — Determining the contract term and the term over which to
received. depreciate the asset;
(n) Leases — Payments to be included in the valuation; and
The Society recognises lease liabilities in relation to property — Determining the interest rate used for discounting of future
previously classified as ‘operating leases’ under IAS 17 Leases. cash flows.
These liabilities are measured at the present value of the remaining
minimum lease payments. Lease liabilities are discounted at the The Society has contractual obligations to carry out repairs at the
Society’s incremental borrowing rate. Having conducted sensitivity end of some leases. Contractual repair obligations are recognised in
analysis, the Society has applied a single portfolio incremental full on commencement of the lease and a finance expense charged
borrowing rate of 5.1% (2019: 5.1%), being the assessed weighted to the Group income statement. The contractual repair obligation is
average incremental borrowing rate, to all lease liabilities. capitalised at the inception of the lease and depreciated over the
The Society recognises a right-of-use asset in the Group statement lease term.
of financial position, representing its right to use the underlying Extension and termination options
asset. The right-of-use asset is measured as the lease liability plus The lease term determined by the Society comprises:
lease payments made before or at the commencement date, and
restoration costs. A depreciation expense is recognised in the — Non-cancellable period of lease contracts covered by an option
Group income statement, together with an interest expense to extend the lease if the Society is reasonably certain to
calculated using the Society’s weighted-average incremental exercise that option; and
borrowing rate. — Periods covered by an option to terminate the lease if the Society
is reasonably certain that it will not exercise that option.
Practical expedients applied
The Society has elected to use the following applicable practical
Variable lease payments
expedients allowed by the standard on initial application:
Lease payments generally include fixed payments and variable
— The application of a single discount rate to a portfolio of leases payments that depend on an index (such as an inflation index).
with reasonably similar characteristics; Leases with variable lease payments are immaterial. When the lease
— The use of hindsight when determining the lease term if the contains an extension or purchase option that the Society considers
contracts contain options to extend or terminate the lease; reasonably certain to be exercised, the cost of the option is
included in the lease payments.
— The exclusion of initial direct costs from the measurement of the
right-of-use asset; (o) Foreign currency and derivative instruments foreign
currency translation
— IFRS 16 has only been applied to contracts that were previously
Functional and presentation currency
classified as leases;
The Group financial statements are presented in pounds sterling,
— The Society has based its assessment of whether a lease is
which is the Society’s functional and presentational currency. Items
onerous by applying IAS 37 immediately before the date of initial
included in the financial statements of each of the Society’s entities
application; and
are measured using the currency of the primary economic
environment in which the entity operates (the functional currency).
136 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Transactions and balances (q) New standards, interpretations and amendments to
Transactions in foreign currencies are recorded at the exchange existing standards issued but not yet implemented
rate prevailing on the date of the transaction or an average rate for IFRS 17 – Insurance contracts
the period in which recorded. At each reporting date, monetary IFRS 17 Insurance contracts was issued in May 2017 as
assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are replacement for IFRS 4, Insurance contracts. Amendments to IFRS
translated at the exchange rate prevailing at the reporting date. 17 were issued in June 2020. The effective date of the standard is
Translation differences on monetary items are taken to the Group 1 January 2023.
income statement.
Implementation of IFRS 17 is expected to have a material impact on
The results and financial position of overseas Society operations the Society’s consolidated financial statements, driven by the
are translated into pounds sterling as follows: insurance operations in Belgium, Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A.
and China, Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited. However, as
(i) Assets and liabilities are translated at the closing rate at the
the business is fully reinsured, the impact on the operating result
date of that statement of financial position; and results for the year is not expected to be material.
(ii) Income and expenses are translated at the average exchange With the extent of the changes expected to the Society’s
rate for the year; and consolidated financial statements, the Society continues to review
(iii) Any resulting exchange differences are recognised in the Group the approach to IFRS 17 implementation and possible alternative
solutions.
statement of comprehensive income.
The Society enters into forward currency contracts to manage 3. Segmental analysis
exposures to fluctuation in foreign exchange rates, and to provide a Segmental information is presented in respect of the Society’s
service to the Lloyd’s market. Where gains and losses are not
business segments. The primary business segments are based on
expected to be refunded or recovered from the Lloyd’s market,
the Society’s management and internal reporting structure.
these amounts are taken to the Group income statement.
Intra-segment pricing is determined on an arm’s-length basis.
(p) New standards, interpretations and amendments to
Segmental results, assets and liabilities include items directly
existing standards that have been adopted by the
attributable to a segment as well as those that can be allocated on
Society
a reasonable basis.
The Society has not adopted any new IFRS standards for the period
beginning 1 January 2020. The Society adopted the following Segmental capital expenditure is the total cost incurred during the
amendments with effect from 1 January 2020: year to acquire segment assets that are expected to be used for
more than one period.
— Definition of material – amendments to IAS 1 Presentation of
financial statements and IAS 8 Accounting policies, changes in Further details of segment revenue from contracts with customers
accounting estimates and errors: amends the definition of are included in note 4.
material to ensure consistency across IFRSs;
The Society’s primary business segments are as follows:
— Revised conceptual framework for financial reporting: the revised
(i) Corporation of Lloyd’s: the main corporate purposes are to
conceptual framework does not result in any immediate change
facilitate the carrying on of insurance business by members of
to IFRS, but will be used in setting future standards;
Lloyd’s and the advancement and protection of their interests in
— Definition of a business – amendments to IFRS 3 Business this context. The activities of authorised insurance company
Combinations: changes the definition of a business combination, subsidiary undertakings (primarily Lloyd’s Insurance Company
and hence transactions that are accounted for as asset S.A. and Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited) are
acquisitions; included within this business segment; and
— Interest rate benchmark reform amendments to IFRS 9 Financial
(ii) Lloyd’s Central Fund: these funds, comprising the New Central
instruments, IAS 39 Financial instruments, recognition and
Fund and Old Central Fund, are assets of the Society and are
measurement and IFRS 7 Financial instruments (disclosures):
held and administered at the discretion of the Council, primarily
provides temporary relief from applying specific hedge
as funds available for the protection of the policyholders. Unless
accounting requirements to hedge relationships directly affected
the approval of members is obtained, the New Central Fund
by Inter-bank Offering Rates reform; and
may not be used for the purposes of extinguishing or reducing
— COVID-19 related rent concessions – amendments to IFRS 16 liabilities which have been reinsured by Equitas Reinsurance
Leases: provides an optional practical expedient for lessees from Limited.
assessing whether a rent concession related to COVID-19 is a
lease modification.
The Society’s accounting policies have been updated to reflect
these changes. Implementation of the above amendments to
existing standards has had no impact on the Group financial
statements.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 137

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
3. Segmental analysis continued
2020
2020 Lloyd’s 2020
Corporation Central Society
of Lloyd’s Fund total
Information by business segment Note £m £m £m
Segment income
Total income 4 384 127 511
Segment operating expenses
Gross insurance claims and insurance expenses incurred 6 (5,824) – (5,824)
Insurance claims and expenses recoverable from reinsurers 6 5,824 – 5,824
Group operating expenses:
Employment (including pension costs) 8 (161) – (161)
Premises (41) – (41)
Legal and professional 7 (113) (1) (114)
Systems and communications (44) – (44)
Other (49) (1) (50)
Total Group operating expenses (408) (2) (410)
Total segment operating expenses (408) (2) (410)
Total segment operating (deficit)/surplus (24) 125 101
Finance costs 9 (18) (41) (59)
Finance income 9 (4) 6 2
Share of profits of associates and joint ventures 11 12 – 12
Segment (deficit)/surplus before tax (34) 90 56
Tax charge 12 (10)
Surplus for the year 46
Segment assets and liabilities
Insurance contract assets 6 7,095 – 7,095
Financial investments at fair value through profit and loss 18 533 2,143 2,676
Financial investments at amortised cost 1,026 407 1,433
Cash and cash equivalents 606 568 1,174
Other assets 1,367 679 2,046
Segment assets 10,627 3,797 14,424
Deferred tax 12 56 – 56
Tax Debtor 25 4 29
Total assets 10,708 3,801 14,509
Insurance contract liabilities 6 (7,095) – (7,095)
Other segment liabilities (3,547) (844) (4,391)
Total liabilities (10,642) (844) (11,486)
Total equity 66 2,957 3,023
Other segment information
Capitalised tangible and intangible asset additions 14, 15 72 – 72
Depreciation 15 (3) – (3)
Amortisation of intangible assets 14 (3) – (3)
Impairment of tangible and intangible assets 14, 15 (27) – (27)
Average number of UK employees (permanent and contract) 967 – 967
Average number of overseas employees (permanent and contract) 245 – 245
Average number of total employees (permanent and contract) 1,212 – 1,212
Average employee numbers are on a full-time equivalent basis.
138 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
3. Segmental analysis continued
2019
2019 Lloyd’s 2019
Corporation Central Society
of Lloyd’s Fund total
Information by business segment continued Note £m £m £m
Segment income
Total income 4 358 125 483
Segment operating expenses
Gross insurance claims and insurance expenses incurred 6 (1,302) – (1,302)
Insurance claims and expenses recoverable from reinsurers 6 1,302 – 1,302
Group operating expenses:
Employment (including pension costs) 8 (173) – (173)
Premises (99) – (99)
Legal and professional 7 (72) (1) (73)
Systems and communications (39) – (39)
Other (39) 1 (38)
Total Group operating expenses (422) – (422)
Total segment operating expenses (422) – (422)
Total segment operating surplus (64) 125 61
Finance costs 9 (9) (42) (51)
Finance income 9 3 148 151
Share of profits of associates and joint ventures 11 9 – 9
Segment surplus before tax (61) 231 170
Tax charge 12 (33)
Surplus for the year 137
Segment assets and liabilities
Insurance contract assets 6 1,878 – 1,878
Financial investments at fair value through profit and loss 18 210 2,578 2,788
Financial investments at amortised cost 986 188 1,174
Cash and cash equivalents 439 94 533
Other assets 982 455 1,437
Segment assets 4,495 3,315 7,810
Tax assets 12 47 – 47
Total assets 4,542 3,315 7,857
Insurance contract liabilities 6 (1,878) – (1,878)
Other segment liabilities (2,551) (826) (3,377)
Tax liabilities 5 (6) (1)
Total liabilities (4,424) (832) (5,256)
Total equity 118 2,483 2,601
Other segment information
Capitalised tangible and intangible asset additions 14, 15 19 – 19
Depreciation 15 (4) – (4)
Amortisation of intangible assets 14 (2) – (2)
Average number of UK employees (permanent and contract) 980 – 980
Average number of overseas employees (permanent and contract) 300 – 300
Average number of total employees (permanent and contract) 1,280 – 1,280
Average employee numbers are on a full-time equivalent basis.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 139

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
4. Revenue from contracts with Customers
Disaggregated revenue information
Set out below is the disaggregation of the Group’s revenue from contracts with customers:
Corporation of Lloyd’s Society
Lloyd’s Central Fund Total
2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019
£m £m £m £m £m £m
Type of service
Members’ subscriptions, net of rebate 128 119 – – 128 119
Market charges and other services
Market charges 168 190 – – 168 190
Market modernisation levy 19 (4) – – 19 (4)
Reinsurance commission 57 37 – – 57 37
Other charges 12 16 – – 12 16
Central Fund income – – 127 125 127 125
Total revenue from contracts with customers 384 358 127 125 511 483
Corporation of Lloyd’s Society
Lloyd’s Central Fund Total
2019
2020 restated* 2020 2019 2020 2019
£m £m £m £m £m £m
Geographical markets
UK 270 237 127 125 397 362
Rest of Europe 56 63 – – 56 63
China 17 22 – – 17 22
Other 41 36 – – 41 36
Total revenue from contracts with customers 384 358 127 125 511 483
* Rest of Europe restated to include all European operations of the Group other than UK operations.
Note: In addition to Central Fund contributions, Central Fund income includes £nil (2019: £2m) of recoveries to the Central Fund and other income.
Revenue recognised from previously satisfied performance obligations is £nil (2019: £12m). This represents the adjustment to members’
subscriptions, market modernisation levy and Central Fund contributions based on final premiums written for the year of account.
The table below analyses insurance premiums by geographical segment:
2020
£m
UK Europe China Other Total
Gross written premiums – 5,886 92 – 5,978
Outward reinsurance premiums – (5,886) (92) – (5,978)
Net insurance premiums – – – – –
2019
£m
UK Europe China Other Total
Gross written premiums – 2,309 157 – 2,466
Outward reinsurance premiums – (2,309) (157) – (2,466)
Net insurance premiums – – – – –
140 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
4. Revenue from contracts with customers continued
Disaggregated revenue information continued
Timing of revenue recognition
Corporation of Lloyd’s Society
Lloyd’s Central Fund Total
2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019
£m £m £m £m £m £m
Services transferred over time 384 358 – – 384 358
Services transferred at a point in time – – 127 125 127 125
Total revenue from contracts with customers 384 358 127 125 511 483
Central Fund contributions from members and Corporation of Lloyd’s subscriptions
During the year, members paid to the Corporation (members’ subscriptions) and to the Central Fund (Central Fund contributions from
members) 0.36% and 0.35% respectively of their syndicate forecast gross written premium (2019: 0.36% and 0.35% respectively). Central
Fund contributions in the first three years of membership are charged at 1.4% of syndicate forecast gross written premium. The £127m
(2019: £125m) Central Fund contributions from members and £128m (2019: £125m) members’ subscriptions included in the Group income
statement are based on the final amounts retained by the Central Fund and the Corporation respectively. Central Fund income includes
market settlement recoveries of £nil (2019: £2m), which represent continuing debt recoveries from the 1996 Reconstruction and Renewal
settlement, and recoveries in respect of Undertakings previously given by the Central Fund.
The rebate on members’ subscriptions is the net amount paid or payable to members in relation to targets for the adoption of the electronic
placement of business within the market.
Overseas operating charge
In order to fund the operation of the Society’s overseas network of offices, an overseas operating charge is levied on the market based on
a set percentage of overseas gross written premiums. The collection method is quarterly.
Market modernisation levy
In addition to the above, in 2019 and prior years a levy was charged to fund the costs of market modernisation, charged at 0.07% of gross
written premiums. Where performance obligations are not satisfied in the financial year, revenue is recognised based on the extent to which
service obligations are completed. Judgement has been applied in recognising revenue with reference to market modernisation services
which demonstrably are not completed. This has led to the continued deferral of £11m (2019: £30m) of income at the reporting date. No
market modernisation levy was charged in 2020.
5. Central Fund claims and provisions incurred
The Council grants Undertakings within financial limits to certain corporate members to use the New Central Fund to discharge the liability
of those members where they have unpaid cash calls and do not have the resources to meet those cash calls (see note 2(m) for further
information). Unutilised Undertakings as at 31 December 2020 were £nil (2019: £nil).
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 141

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
6. Insurance activities
Part VII transfer of EEA Lloyd’s market business
On 30 December 2020, Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A (Lloyd’s Brussels) assumed the EEA non-life insurance business written in Lloyd’s
market between 1993 and 2020 which were transferred pursuant to Part VII of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Part VII). The
value of the liabilities transferred was £3,831m. Lloyd’s Brussels received a cash consideration of the same amount from the syndicates.
These liabilities were subsequently reinsured to syndicates on the same day. The reinsurance premium paid was of the same amount of
£3,831m. Consequently, there was no gain or loss arising on the transaction.
The cash consideration received is presented as ‘gross written premium’ and the reinsurance paid is included in ‘outward reinsurance
premiums’, which reflects the economic substance of the transaction. Gross and outward reinsurance premiums are earned in accordance
with the Group accounting policy, and a proportion remains unearned at year end. Claims provisions are estimated at each reporting period,
with changes recorded within gross insurance claims and insurance expenses insurance claims and expenses recoverable from reinsurers
respectively in the income statement. The Part VII transfer included premiums due in respect of the transferred business. Premiums due
include estimates for policies written through third parties, where limited information is available on business underwritten. Variances
between gross and reinsurers’ estimated premium and actual premiums received are recorded as Gross written premium and Outward
reinsurance premiums.
The impact of the Part VII transfer and subsequent reinsurance to syndicates on the Society’s income statement is summarised below:
2020
£m
Gross written premium 3,831
Outward reinsurance premium (3,831)
Total income –
Gross insurance claims and insurance expenses incurred (3,883)
Insurance claims and expenses recoverable from reinsurers 3,883
Operating surplus –
The impact of the Part VII transfer and subsequent reinsurance to syndicates on the Society’s statement of financial position is summarised
below:
2020
£m
Insurance contract assets 3,831
Trade and other receivables 483
Total assets 4,314
Insurance contract liabilities (3,831)
Trade and other payables (483)
Total liabilities (4,314)
142 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A. and Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited
Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A. (Lloyd’s Brussels) and Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited (Lloyd’s China) are the principal
insurance businesses of the Society. Lloyd’s Brussels and Lloyd’s China are wholly owned subsidiary undertakings of the Society. The
companies’ principal activity is to provide reinsurance of non-life business and direct non-life insurance in the European and Chinese
insurance markets respectively. Lloyd’s syndicates participate in Lloyd’s Brussels’ and Lloyd’s China’s business by means of retrocession
agreements.
For insurance contracts, claims provisions (comprising provisions for claims reported by policyholders and claims incurred but not
reported) are established to cover the ultimate cost of settling the liabilities in respect of claims that have occurred and are estimated
based on known facts at the reporting date. In accordance with the approach for reporting to their respective regulators, the Lloyd’s China
outstanding claims provisions are discounted for the time value of money, while no allowance for the time value of money is made for
Lloyd’s Brussels outstanding claims reserves. The Society’s policy is to apply the valuation technique used in the issuing entity’s statutory
or regulatory reporting as described in note 2(g); the approach to discounting reflects local reporting requirements and practice under
China GAAP and Belgian GAAP respectively.
2020 2019
£m £m
Insurance claims
Gross claims
Claims paid (411) (198)
Net change in gross provision for claims (4,959) (753)
Total gross claims (5,370) (951)
Acquisition costs (454) (351)
Total gross insurance claims and insurance expenses incurred (5,824) (1,302)
Europe (5,752) (1,140)
China (72) (162)
Claims recoverable from reinsurers
Claims recovered from reinsurers 411 198
Net change in reinsurers share of provision for claims 4,959 753
Total claims recoverable from reinsurers 5,370 951
Acquisition costs recovered from reinsurers 454 351
Total insurance claims and expenses recoverable from reinsurers 5,824 1,302
Europe 5,752 1,140
China 72 162
Gross insurance claims and insurance expenses incurred and insurance claims and expenses recoverable from reinsurers include 2020
and prior underwriting year EEA business transferred under the Part VII agreement on 30 December 2020.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 143

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
6. Insurance activities continued
Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A. and Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited continued
Insurance contract assets and liabilities are analysed as follows:
2020 2020 2019 2019
Insurance Reinsurer’s Insurance Reinsurer’s
contract share of 2020 contract share of 2019
liabilities liabilities Net liabilities liabilities Net
£m £m £m £m £m £m
Provision for claims reported 2,535 (2,535) – 227 (227) –
Provision for IBNR claims 3,486 (3,486) – 763 (763) –
Total provision for insurance claims 6,021 (6,021) – 990 (990) –
Provision for unearned premiums 1,074 (1,074) – 888 (888) –
At 31 December 7,095 (7,095) – 1,878 (1,878) –
Insurance contract assets and liabilities include 2020 and prior underwriting year EEA business transferred under the Part VII agreement
on 30 December 2020.
The movement in provision for insurance claims is analysed as follows:
2020
Provision 2020 2019 2019
for Reinsurer’s Provision for Reinsurer’s
insurance share of 2020 insurance share of 2019
claims liabilities Net claims liabilities Net
£m £m £m £m £m £m
At 1 January 990 (990) – 265 (265) –
Claims incurred/(released) 1,667 (1,667) – 951 (951) –
Claims (paid)/recoveries (see below) (411) 411 – (198) 198 –
Part VII transfer of outstanding claims 3,702 (3,702) – – – –
Effect of exchange rates 73 (73) – (28) 28 –
At 31 December 6,021 (6,021) – 990 (990) –
The provision for insurance claims includes 2020 and prior underwriting year business transferred under the Part VII agreement on
30 December 2020. Claims incurred consist of claims and claims handling expenses paid during the year, together with the change in
provision for outstanding claims. Full provision is made, on the basis of available information, for the estimated ultimate cost of claims
notified but not settled as at the date of the statement of financial position, after taking into account handling costs and settlement trends.
A provision for claims incurred but not reported is also established as at that date on a statistical basis. The provision also reflects claims
settlement expenses and anticipated reinsurance and other recoveries. The provision for outstanding claims is based on information
available at the reporting date. Subsequent information and events may result in the ultimate liability being less than, or greater than, the
amount provided. Any differences between the provision and subsequent settlements are recorded in the Group income statements of
later years.
Claims development table
The table below shows the development of claims over a period of time on a gross basis. The claims development table shows the
cumulative incurred claims, including both notified and incurred but not reported claims for each successive year, together with cumulative
claims at the current reporting date.
2016 and
prior 2017 2018 2019 2020 Total
£m £m £m £m £m £m
At end of underwriting year 370 103 77 902 4,671
One year later 416 161 105 1,615
Two years later 415 172 97
Three years later 417 170
Four years later 339
Current estimate of cumulative claims 339 170 97 1,615 4,671 6,892
Cumulative payments to date (300) (134) (61) (326) (50) (871)
Total provision for insurance claims 39 36 36 1,289 4,621 6,021
As the Lloyd’s Brussels and Lloyd’s China insurance liabilities are 100% reinsured and comprise the vast majority of the Society’s insurance
business, the Society has not prepared a claims development table on a net basis.
The claims development table above includes claims relating to the 2020 and prior underwriting year EEA business transferred under the
Part VII agreement on 30 December 2020. All liabilities transferred are included within the 2020 underwriting year.
144 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Provision for unearned premiums
The movement in provision for unearned premiums is analysed as follows:
2020
Provision 2020 2019 2019
for Reinsurer’s Provision for Reinsurer’s
unearned share of 2020 unearned share of 2019
premiums liabilities Net premiums liabilities Net
£m £m £m £m £m £m
At 1 January 888 (888) – 82 (82) –
Premiums written 2,147 (2,147) – 2,466 (2,466) –
Part VII transfer premiums recognised 3,831 (3,831) – – – –
Premiums earned (5,808) 5,808 – (1,422) 1,422 –
Acquisition costs deferred (36) 36 – (211) 211 –
Effect of exchange rates 52 (52) – (27) 27 –
At 31 December 1,074 (1,074) – 888 (888) –
Provision for unearned premiums includes 2020 and prior underwriting year EEA business transferred under the Part VII agreement on
30 December 2020.
Insurance risk
Insurance risk represents the possibility of the occurrence of a risk event, which results in uncertainties in relation to claim payments and
timing. Under the Society’s insurance contracts, the key insurance risk of the company is that the actual claim payment exceeds the
carrying amount of insurance reserves provided. These risks are likely to take place under the following circumstances:
— Occurrence risk – the possibility that the number of risk events is different from expectation;
— Severity risk – the possibility that the cost of risk events is different from expectation; and
— Development risk – the possibility that there is a change in required reserves before the end of the contract.
Lloyd’s Brussels and Lloyd’s China has reinsured and retroceded 100% of the insurance risk for all underwritten premiums. As such,
insurance risk after this is nil. Therefore, an increase or decrease in estimated insurance contract liabilities has a corresponding impact on
insurance contract assets with reinsurers, and net nil impact on the Society’s surplus for the year or net assets. The concentration of
insurance risk, before the 100% retrocession, is presented by major line of business below:
2020 2019
% %
Property insurance 9 9
Agricultural insurance 1 1
Credit insurance 4 4
Engineering insurance 1 2
Marine insurance 19 20
Liability insurance 13 13
Accident and Health insurance 9 8
Aviation insurance 5 5
Energy insurance 7 7
Financial products 23 22
Other 9 9
100 100
Non-insurance risks
In addition to the risks which are set out in the Financial Risk Management section on pages 116 to 118, Lloyd’s Brussels and Lloyd’s China
are also subject to the following risks:
— Credit risk: there is a risk that a syndicate may be unable to fulfil its reinsurance obligations, in which case Lloyd’s Brussels or Lloyd’s
China could potentially be exposed to a loss; and
— Regulatory risk: as overseas underwriting companies, Lloyd’s Brussels or Lloyd’s China are subject to the requirements of the local
regulator and could be subject to penalties if these regulations are not satisfied.
Management do not consider that Lloyd’s Brussels or Lloyd’s China is subject to insurance risk after the 100% reinsurance.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 145

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
6. Insurance activities continued
Credit risk
Lloyd’s Brussels and Lloyd’s China are exposed to credit risks primarily associated with insurance and reinsurance arrangements with its
insurance counterparties. The most significant credit risk is the recoverability of the Society’s reinsurance assets receivable from
syndicates under the 100% reinsurance agreements. Credit risk is minimised by actively monitoring the creditworthiness of counterparties
and reviewing the pattern of aged debt across the portfolio to ensure this is managed proactively. Judgement is required in determining
expected credit losses on the current reinsurance assets. Expected credit losses are calculated and recognised as described in note 2(h).
Significant accounting estimates
Insurance contract reserves are calculated based on estimates of future payments arising from insurance contract obligations. The
estimates are based on current available information as at the balance sheet date taking into account the respective probability of various
scenarios.
Provision for insurance claims
When calculating the provision for insurance claims, the estimate is based on the expected ultimate cost of claims reported and incurred
but not reported claims at the balance sheet date.
For Lloyd’s Brussels, the ultimate claim cost including claims expense reserves is determined using actuarial techniques based primarily on
historical experience; and actual claims experience. Significant judgement is required in applying these actuarial techniques in order to
calculate the expected ultimate claims and expenses. Changes in individual underlying judgements for one or more classes of business has
a relatively insignificant impact on the valuation of insurance contract liabilities as a whole. A combined approach is taken with the
provisions for the business transferred through the Part VII agreement calculated using the same techniques as for the business originally
written through LIC. An explicit allowance is also derived for specific claims which are thought to require an additional incurred but not
reported allowance, notably required for COVID-19, primarily using ultimate claims estimates provided by the syndicates. Any change in
estimated ultimate claims and expenses has a net nil impact on net assets given all risks are 100% reinsured.
For Lloyd’s China, the ultimate claim cost is determined based on historical experience; the expected loss ratio provided by the syndicates;
and actual claims experience. Claims expense reserves are calculated with reference to actual claims expenses and future developing
trends by class of business. Significant judgement is required in assessing the expected loss ratios provided by syndicates to determine
whether the provision for insurance claims held for prior underwriting years is reasonable. Changes in loss ratios for one or more lines of
business has a relatively insignificant impact on the valuation of insurance contract liabilities as a whole. Any change in the estimated
ultimate loss ratio has a net nil impact on net assets given all risks are 100% reinsured.
For Lloyd’s China only, outstanding claims reserves are calculated taking the time value of money into account. The discount rate used is
the same as that used for the calculation of the unexpired risk reserve.
Risk margin
Risk margin is the reserves provided for the uncertainty of estimated future cash flows. Judgement is required for the computation of a
view of the uncertainty in the claims reserves from which a risk margin percentage is set based on management judgement. For Lloyd’s
Brussels, a risk margin of 6.3% (2019: 4.5%) is applied to the incurred claims reserve on a best estimate basis. No risk margin is applied to
the unearned premium reserve in accordance with Belgian regulatory reporting requirements. Judgement is required as to whether historic
claims data reflects the uncertainty of Lloyd’s Brussels future cash flows. The risk margin is included within the provision for IBNR claims
reported.
Similarly, for Lloyd’s China, judgement has been applied to determine the risk margin of the unearned premium reserve and outstanding
claims reserve, which are set at 3% and 2.5% of the unbiased estimation of the respective future cash flows.
Unexpired risk reserve
The main assumptions used in the calculation of the Lloyd’s China unexpired risk reserve relate to the loss ratio, expenses and the discount
rate. Lloyd’s Brussels assesses the profitability of underwriting and whether an unexpired risk reserve is required. The reserve is currently
immaterial as loss ratios generally indicate underwriting is not loss-making.
— Loss ratio: the Lloyd’s China insurance loss ratio is calculated by making estimates with reference to the historical experience of loss
ratios in the London insurance market; the expected loss ratio provided by syndicates; and the Corporation’s actual claims experience.
— Expenses: in determining expense assumptions, estimates are made based on analysis of future development trends. For Lloyd’s China
only, inflation is taken into account where applicable. The assumptions set for the inflation rate are consistent with those used for
determining the discount rate.
— Discount rate: for Lloyd’s China only, the discount rate used to calculate the unexpired risk reserve is based on the market rate
corresponding to the term and risk of liabilities. Discount rates are determined with reference to the 750-day moving average bond yield
curve, taking liquidity, taxation and other factors into account. The discount rate assumption is affected by certain factors, such as future
macroeconomics and capital markets and is therefore subject to uncertainty. No allowance for the time value of money is made by
Lloyd’s Brussels in line with the basis of its local regulatory reporting.
146 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
7. Group operating expenses
2020
2020 Lloyd’s
Corporation Central 2020
of Lloyd’s Fund Total
Note £m £m £m
Group operating expenses include:
Employment costs 8 161 – 161
Legal and professional fees
Professional fees, including legal fees and related costs 111 1 112
Audit fees payable to the Group’s auditors for the audit of the Group’s annual 1 – 1
accounts
Fees payable to the Group’s auditors and its associates for other services 1 – 1
Total legal and professional fees 113 1 114
Charitable donations 15 – 15
2019
2019 Lloyd’s
Corporation Central 2019
of Lloyd’s Fund Total
Note £m £m £m
Group operating expenses include:
Employment costs 8 173 – 173
Legal and professional fees
Professional fees, including legal fees and related costs 70 1 71
Audit fees payable to the Group’s auditors for the audit of the Group’s annual accounts 1 – 1
Fees payable to the Group’s auditors and its associates for other services 1 – 1
Total legal and professional fees 72 1 73
Charitable donations 1 – 1
Other services payable to the Group’s auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP include audit of the accounts of subsidiaries, audit-related
assurance services (such as work undertaken on the Aggregate Accounts, Pro Forma Financial Statements and regulatory returns) and
other assurance services.
8. Employment
2020 2019
Note £m £m
Salaries and wages (including performance related bonus) 105 98
Lloyd’s Performance Plan (excluding social security costs) (5) 10
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme costs 13 3 2
Other pension costs 10 9
Social security costs 12 14
Severance costs 1 3
Contract and agency employees 17 23
Other employment costs 18 14
Total employment costs 161 173
The emoluments of the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and members of the Council and Board (before merger into the Council) are
included in the Report of the Remuneration Committee on pages 96 and 97. The number of employees is disclosed in note 3.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 147

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
9. Finance costs and income
2020
2020 Lloyd’s
Corporation Central 2020
of Lloyd’s Fund Total
£m £m £m
Finance costs
Interest payable on financial liabilities measured at amortised cost (8) (38) (46)
Lease liability interest (8) – (8)
Amortisation of issue costs and discount – (1) (1)
Other finance costs (2) (2) (4)
Total finance costs (18) (41) (59)
Finance income
Bank interest received 4 2 6
Dividends received – 5 5
Other returns on investments designated at fair value through profit or loss and amortised cost (8) 10 2
Unrealised fair value movement of forward contracts held for trading – (20) (20)
Realised fair value movement of forward contracts held for trading – 8 8
Increase in valuation of loans recoverable designated at amortised cost – 1 1
Total finance income (4) 6 2
Other returns on investments designated at fair value through profit and loss and amortised cost include £2m (2019: £2m) of interest
income from financial investments held at amortised cost.
2019
2019 Lloyd’s
Corporation Central 2019
of Lloyd’s Fund Total
£m £m £m
Finance costs
Interest payable on financial liabilities measured at amortised cost – (38) (38)
Lease liability interest (8) – (8)
Amortisation of issue costs and discount – (1) (1)
Other finance costs (1) (3) (4)
Total finance costs (9) (42) (51)
Finance income
Bank interest received 7 5 12
Dividends received – 7 7
Other returns on investments designated at fair value through profit or loss and amortised cost (3) 158 155
Unrealised fair value movement of forward contracts held for trading (3) (9) (12)
Realised fair value movement of forward contracts held for trading 2 (11) (9)
Decrease in valuation of loans recoverable designated at amortised cost – (2) (2)
Total finance income 3 148 151
148 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
10. Investments in subsidiary undertakings
Subsidiaries are those entities over which the Society directly or indirectly has the power to govern the operating and financial policies in
order to gain economic benefits. The basis by which subsidiaries are consolidated in the Group financial statements is outlined in the basis
of preparation in note 1.
The following subsidiaries principally affected the Group’s financial position and results for the year ended 31 December 2020, as set out in
the Society Group income statement.
Registered Address
Company name Nature of business and Country of incorporation
Additional Underwriting Acts as members’ agent for certain Names who had open years Clyde & Co LLP
Agencies of account during 1992 and earlier The St Botolph Building,
(No. 5) Limited 138 Houndsditch London
EC3A 7AR
England and Wales
Additional Securities Limited Provision of deposits overseas on behalf of Lloyd’s One Lime Street, London
underwriters to comply with local insurance regulations EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Centrewrite Limited Authorised UK insurance company assisting resigned Members One Lime Street, London
of The Society with participations on run-off syndicates to end EC3M 7HA
their affairs England and Wales
Lloyd’s Finance Company Provides additional flexibility regarding the capital structure of One Lime Street, London
Limited Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A. (Lloyd’s Brussels) EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s Housing Support General commercial company One Lime Street, London
Limited EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s Members Agency Acts as members’ agent for run off affairs One Lime Street, London
Services Limited EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Syndicate Underwriting Currently not trading One Lime Street, London
Management Limited EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s Australia Limited Provision of administrative functions for Lloyd’s underwriters Level 9, 1 O’Connell Street,
and acts as liaison office with the insurance regulatory Sydney NSW 2000, Australia
authorities in Australia
Lloyd’s Canada Inc. Provision of administration function on behalf of the Society 1155 Metcalfe Street, Suite 2200,
and Lloyd’s underwriters in Canada Montreal, Quebec H3B 2V6, Canada
Lloyd’s Cyprus Limited Acts as general and fiscal representative for Lloyd’s 41-49 Agiou Nicolaou Street, Nimeli
underwriters in Cyprus Court, Block C 2408 Engomi, Nicosia,
Cyprus
Lloyd’s Escritorio de Provides representative, administrative and management Av. Almirante Barroso 52/2401
Representacao services on behalf of the Society and participant of Lloyd’s Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
no Brasil Ltda. insurance market. Also acts as general and fiscal representative
for Lloyd’s underwriters
Lloyd’s France SAS Provides administrative and management services on behalf 8/10 rue Lamennais, 75008 Paris,
of the Society and insurance market participants France
Lloyd’s Iberia Representative Provides administrative and management services on behalf C/ Pinar, 7 1ª Drcha, 28006 Madrid,
S. L. U. of the Society and participants of Lloyd’s insurance market Spain
Lloyd’s Insurance Company Authorised insurance company in China 3001, 3004, 3005, 3006, 3007, 3008,
(China) Limited 30th Floor, No.501 Middle Yincheng
Road, China (Shanghai) Free Trade Zone
Lloyd’s Insurance Company Authorised insurance company in Belgium for EEA business Bastion Tower – Floor 14
S.A. 5 Place du Champ de Mars, 1050
Bruxelles, Belgium
Lloyd’s Ireland Representative Provides administrative and management services on behalf of 7/8 Wilton Terrace, Dublin 2,
Limited the Society and participants of Lloyd’s insurance market. Also D02 KC57,
acts as general representative for Lloyd’s underwriters in Ireland Republic of Ireland
Lloyd’s Japan Inc. Acting as a general agent for the Society in Japan Tokyo Club Building 6F
3-2-6 Kasumigaseki
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-0013 Japan
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 149

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
10. Investments in subsidiary undertakings continued
Registered Address
Company name Nature of business and Country of incorporation
Lloyd’s Labuan Limited Licensed to carry on business as underwriting manager in Brighton Place, Ground Floor
Malaysia U0123-U0215 Jalan Bahasa
87014 Labuan F.T, Malaysia
Lloyd’s Limited Provides administrative and management services on behalf Dubai International Financial Centre
of the Society and participants of Lloyd’s insurance market Office 301, Precinct Building 2 DIFC,
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Lloyd’s Malta Limited Acts as a local general representative of the Society and those 171, Old Bakery Street,
underwriting members of Lloyd’s who transact insurance Valletta VLT 1455,
business in Malta Malta
Lloyd’s Netherlands Acts as representative office of Lloyd’s underwriters and the Beursplein 37
Representative B. V. Society Kant. H20.02 t/m H20.04
3011 AA Rotterdam, Netherlands
Lloyd’s of London (Asia) Pte Provides support for business development, administration and 138 Market Street, #05-01 CapitaGreen,
Ltd co-ordination services to the Society and Lloyd’s managing Singapore 048946
agents. Also provides administrative functions for Lloyd’s
underwriters and acts as a liaison with the relevant regulatory
authorities in Singapore
Lloyd’s of London Acts as general and fiscal representative of Lloyd’s underwriters 25A Boukourestiou Street, 106 71
(Representative Office) in Greece Athens, Greece
Greece Single Member SA
Lloyd’s Polska Sp. z o.o. Provides administrative and management services on behalf ul. Emilii Plater 53 . 00-113
of the Society and participants of Lloyd’s insurance market Warszawa, Poland
Lloyd’s South Africa Provision of administration function on behalf of the Society 15th floor, The Forum
(Proprietary) Ltd and Lloyd’s underwriters in South Africa 2 Maude Street, Sandton
South Africa
Lloyd’s America Ltd. Parent Company of Lloyd’s America Holding Inc. One Lime Street,
London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s America Holdings Inc. Provision of services to the Society and its brokers and 42 West 54th St., 14th Floor
Lloyd’s America Inc. customers in North America New York, NY 10019
Lloyd’s Kentucky Inc. Provision of services to the Society and its brokers and 200 W. Main St.
customers in North America Frankfort, Kentucky
KY 40601-1806
Lloyd’s Illinois Inc. Provision of services to the Society and its brokers and 181 W Madison Street, Suite 3870
customers in North America Chicago, Illinois 60602
The main territory of operation of subsidiaries incorporated in England and Wales is the UK. For overseas subsidiaries, the principal country
of operation is the same as the country of incorporation. All operating subsidiaries have a 31 December year end reporting date with the
exception of Lloyd’s Japan Inc. with the year end reporting date of 31 March. All operating subsidiaries are 100% owned with the exception
of Lloyd’s Escritorio de Representacao no Brasil Ltda. which is 99.99% owned by the Society and Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A. which is
99% directly owned by the Society and 1% indirectly owned via Lloyd’s Finance Company Limited.
Restrictions
Lloyd’s operates in more than 200 territories around the world and uses a number of different operating models depending upon local
regulatory requirements. Different countries operate different regulatory regimes and, in some cases, these may place certain restrictions
on the use of capital and assets that are held within those countries, including capital of RMB 1bn (2019: RMB 1bn) within Lloyd’s Insurance
Company (China) Limited (LICCL) and €553m (2019: €300m) in Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A. Lloyd’s proactively manages its
international asset base to ensure that any such restrictions have a minimal impact upon the utilisation of capital and investments or upon
the operations of the Corporation.
150 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Dormant subsidiaries
The Society has an ongoing interest in the following dormant subsidiaries. These subsidiaries are all 100% owned by the Society and they
have not actively traded for the year ended 31 December 2020.
Registered Address
Company name and Country of incorporation
Additional Underwriting Agencies (No. 9) Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Additional Underwriting Agencies (No. 10) Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Bankside Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Barder & Marsh Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
CI de Rougemont (Nominees) Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
CMA (CT&W) Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Crowe Agency Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Cuthbert Heath Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Devonshire Underwriting Agencies Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
EHW (Nominees) Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
EWC (Nominees) Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
GP Eliot (Nominees) Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Gammell Kershaw Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
GTUA Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Habit Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Hayter Brockbank Shipton Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Higgins Brasier Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s Nominees Director Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s Nominees Secretary Limited One Lime Street, London, EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Cassidy Members) Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Claremount) Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Harrison Brothers) Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Murray Lawrence) Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Octavian) Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (R J Kiln) Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Sedgwick) Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 151

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
10. Investments in subsidiary undertakings continued
Dormant subsidiaries continued
Registered Address
Company name and Country of incorporation
Lloyd’s of London (Spratt & White) Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Stewart Members) Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Wellington) Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd-Roberts & Gilkes Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Mander, Thomas & Cooper Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Meacock (Nominees) Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
MFK Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Miles Smith Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Mocatta Dashwood Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
MUA Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Mythzone Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Nomad Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Pieri Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Pound Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
R F Kershaw (Nominees) Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Rilong Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Scott Caudle Hilsum Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Sturge Central Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Wendover Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
WFDA Nominees Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s Aviation Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s Building Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s.com Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s Information Services Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s Life Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
152 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Dormant subsidiaries continued
Registered Address
Company name and Country of incorporation
Lloyd’s List Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London Press Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s Recoveries Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s Shelf Company 1 Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lutine Nominees & Insurance Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Sharedealer Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
England and Wales
All subsidiary undertakings are included in the consolidated Society Report. The proportions of the voting rights in the subsidiary
undertakings held directly by the Society do not differ from the proportion of the ordinary shares held. With the exception of £1 preference
share for Lloyd’s Building Limited, the Society does not have any preference shares of subsidiary undertakings included in the Group.
11. Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures
The Society has the following significant holdings which have been included as investments in associates and joint ventures.
Registered Address and
Company Name Country of incorporation Proportion of equity capital held Nature of business
Associates
Ins-sure Holdings Limited Royal Pavilion, Wellesley Road, 25% Provision of premiums and
Aldershot, Hampshire GU11 1PZ claims accounting and
England and Wales settlement, policy production
and ancillary insurance services
principally to the London
insurance market
Xchanging Claims Royal Pavilion, Wellesley Road, 50% Provision of claims and
Services Limited Aldershot, Hampshire GU11 1PZ recoveries services
England and Wales
Joint Ventures
London Market Operations and One Lime Street, London EC3M Limited by guarantee 33% A centralised capability to
Strategic Sourcing Limited 7HA England and Wales source and manage outsourced
market services for the London
insurance market
Placing Platform Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M Limited by guarantee 36% Advance the implementation of
7HA England and Wales digital trading in the Lloyd’s
market
On 26 May 2020, the Society made a £6.6m investment in Placing Platform Limited (PPL) to continue to advance the implementation of
digital trading in the Lloyd’s market. It is accounted for as an investment in a joint venture using the equity method. The investment is
recognised at cost and is assessed for impairment annually. The carrying value is adjusted to reflect the Society’s share of PPL profit or
loss.
The issued share capital of Ins-sure Holdings Limited is £4,000. There are three classes of shares. The Society holds 1,000,000 B shares
of 0.1p each that have the right to participate in 25% of any profits available for distribution.
The issued share capital of Xchanging Claims Services Limited is £4,001. There are three classes of shares. The Society holds 1,000 A
shares of £1 each and 2,001 C shares of £1 each. The A and C shares have the following rights with respect to dividends:
— The A shares participate in 50% of any profits available for distribution after taking account of the dividend rights outlined above; and
— The C shares carry a right to a fixed cumulative preference dividend of 5% calculated on the paid-up nominal capital and a variable
participating dividend in priority to the payment of any dividend to the holders of the A and B shares.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 153

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
11. Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures continued
The wholly owned subsidiaries of Xchanging Claims Services Limited are LCO Marine Limited and LCO Non-Marine & Aviation Limited; and
for Ins-sure Holdings Limited are Ins-sure Services Limited, London Processing Centre Limited and LPSO Limited.
In 2018, the Society entered into a joint venture agreement with International Underwriting Association of London Limited and Lloyd’s
Market Association for an equal participation in London Market Operations and Strategic Sourcing Limited (LMOSS) which was
incorporated on 7 March 2018.
The Society entered into a joint venture agreement with International Underwriting Association of London Limited; London and International
Brokers’ Association Limited; and Lloyd’s Market Association for an equal participation in The Message Exchange Limited (TMEL) which
was incorporated on 27 August 2010. TMEL operates The Exchange – a simple messaging hub provided to the London insurance market to
support its efforts to extend the use of electronic processing of business. TMEL entered into an agreement with LMOSS for the sale of the
business and assets of the company on 29 November 2019. The consideration received was £1 and no gain or loss was recognised in the
Group financial statements for the year.
In 2017, the Society entered into a joint venture agreement with International Underwriting Association of London Limited and Lloyd’s
Market Association for an equal participation in Structured Data Capture Limited (SDC) which was incorporated on 14 June 2017. SDC
entered into an agreement with LMOSS for the sale of the business and assets of the company on 25 November 2019. The consideration
received was £1 and no gain or loss was recognised in the Group financial statements for the year.
Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures
2020 2019
£m £m
At 1 January 21 19
Acquisition of shares in associates and joint ventures 7 –
Share of operating profits 15 12
Share of tax on profit on ordinary activities (3) (3)
Total share of profits of associates and joint ventures 12 9
Share of actuarial losses on pension liability (2) –
Dividends received (14) (7)
At 31 December 24 21
154 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Summarised statement of financial position
Summary of financial information for associates and joint ventures:
London Market
Operations and
Ins-sure Xchanging Claims Placing Platform Strategic
Holdings Limited Services Limited Limited Sourcing Limited
As at 31 December As at 31 December As at 31 December As at 31 December
2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019
£m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
Current assets
Debtors 15 19 4 4 1 – 1 –
Prepayments and accrued income – – – – 5 – – –
Cash at bank and in hand 35 43 11 24 17 – 3 4
Total current assets 50 62 15 28 23 – 4 4
Non-current assets
Intangible assets 25 29 – – 6 – – –
Right-of-use assets 1 – – – – – – –
Deferred tax assets 4 3 – – – – – –
Pension asset – – 1 1 – – – –
Total non-current assets 30 32 1 1 6 – – –
Current liabilities
Creditors falling due within one year (25) (37) (7) (12) (2) – (2) (1)
Current income tax liabilities (3) (1) (1) (2) (2) – – –
Provisions – – – – – – (2) (3)
Total current liabilities (28) (38) (8) (14) (4) – (4) (4)
Non-current liabilities
Creditors falling due after more than (1) – – – – – – –
one year
Pension liability (5) – – – – – – –
Total non-current liabilities (6) – – – – – – –
Net assets 46 56 8 15 25 – – –
Summarised statement of comprehensive income
London Market
Operations and
Ins-sure Holdings Xchanging Claims Platform Placing Strategic
Limited Services Limited Limited Sourcing Limited
2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019 2020 2019
£m £m £m £m £m* £m £m £m
Revenues 88 89 32 31 19 – 8 8
Operating costs (64) (65) (20) (21) (10) – (8) (8)
Operating profit 24 24 12 10 9 – – –
Tax on profit on ordinary activities (4) (4) (2) (2) (2) – – –
Profit for the financial year 20 20 10 8 7 – – –
Other comprehensive expense (5) (2) – – – – – –
Total comprehensive income 15 18 10 8 7 – – –
* The results for PPL are from the date of acquisition.
The Message Exchange Limited (TMEL) and Structured Data Capture Limited (SDC) were joint ventures of the Corporation in 2019 until
they entered into an agreement for the sale of their business and assets to the London Market Operations and Strategic Sourcing Limited.
In 2019, the net assets for both TMEL and SDC was £nil. The net operating profit was also £nil (SDC: Revenue £1m, Operating Cost (£1m)).
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 155

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
12.Taxation
(a)Tax charge
2020 2019
£m £m
Current tax:
Corporation tax based on profits for the year at 19% (2019: 19%) (1) (35)
Foreign tax suffered (2) (4)
Total current tax (3) (39)
Deferred tax:
Origination and reversal of timing differences
Current year (9) 5
Prior year 2 1
Tax charge recognised in the Group income statement (10) (33)
Analysis of tax charge recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income:
Tax credit on actuarial loss on Group pension liabilities 16 10
Tax credit recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income 16 10
Total tax credit recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income 6 (23)
(b)Reconciliation of effective tax rate
2020 2020 2019 2019
% £m % £m
Surplus on ordinary activities before tax 56 170
Expected tax at the current rate 19.0% (11) 19.0% (33)
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes 4.6% (2) 1.0% (2)
Overseas tax 1.1% –
Share of profits of associates and joint ventures (4.3%) 2 (0.9%) 2
Deferred tax adjustment relating to change in tax rate 2.8% (2) 0.5% (1)
Deferred tax prior year adjustments (3.9%) 2 (0.3%) 1
Other (1.5%) 1 – –
Tax charge 17.8% (10) 19.3% (33)
156 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
(c) Deferred tax
2020
2020 2020 Statement of 2020
Balance at Income comprehensive Balance at
1 January statement income 31 December
£m £m £m £m
Plant and equipment 13 1 – 14
Losses provided 6 (2) – 4
Pension liabilities 24 (5) 16 35
Other employee benefits 2 – – 2
Provisions 2 (1) – 1
Total deferred tax asset 47 (7) 16 56
In 2020 there were no unrecognised deductible temporary differences (2019: nil).
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rate that will apply to the period when an asset is expected to be realised or a
liability is expected to be settled. The applicable rate is that which has been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date.
The deferred tax asset is based on a corporation tax rate of 19% (2019: 17%). The reduction of the UK corporation tax rate to 17% from
1 April 2020 announced in the 2016 Budget on 16 March 2016 and substantively enacted in September 2016 has not become effective. The
corporation tax rate will remain at 19% for the financial years beginning 1 April 2020 and 1 April 2021 as announced in the Budget on
11 March 2020 and substantially enacted on 17 March 2020.
In the Spring Budget 2021, the Government announced that from 1 April 2023 the corporation tax rate will increase to 25%. Since the
proposal to increase the rate to 25% had not been substantively enacted at the balance sheet date, its effects are not included in these
financial statements. However, it is likely that the overall effect of the change, had it been substantively enacted by the balance sheet date,
would be immaterial.
2019
2019 2019 Statement of 2019
Balance at Income comprehensive Balance at
1 January statement income 31 December
£m £m £m £m
Plant and equipment 6 7 – 13
Losses provided 6 – – 6
Pension liabilities 16 (2) 10 24
Other employee benefits 1 1 – 2
Provisions 2 – – 2
Total deferred tax asset 31 6 10 47
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 157

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
13. Pension schemes
Lloyd’s operates a number of defined benefit and defined contribution pension schemes. In the UK, employees are entitled to join a Group
Personal Pension Plan, and there is also a closed defined benefit scheme. Other schemes have been established for certain employees
based overseas.
These schemes are generally funded by the payment of contributions to separately administered funds.
Defined benefit and defined contribution pension schemes
The pension deficits of the defined benefit schemes at 31 December 2020 are as follows:
2020 2019
£m £m
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme (183) (137)
Overseas pension schemes (4) (3)
Total schemes deficit (187) (140)
The amounts charged to the Group income statement and Group statement of comprehensive income in respect of defined benefit plans
and the defined contribution plan, are as follows:
2020 2019
£m £m
Group income statement
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme 3 2
Overseas pension schemes 3 2
Other pension contributions 5 7
Total 11 11
Group statement of comprehensive income
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme 54 59
Share of associate’s pension 2 –
Total 56 59
Lloyd’s Group Personal Pension Plan
UK employees are eligible to join the Lloyd’s Group Personal Pension Plan, which is administered by Aviva. The Group Personal Pension
Plan was introduced in 2013, when the defined benefit pension scheme was closed to new members. The amount charged to the Group
income statement in respect of Lloyd’s Group Personal Pension Plan is £5m (2019: £7m).
Members of the Lloyd’s Group Personal Pension plan can elect their contribution rate (payable via salary sacrifice) and can change this at
any time.
The contribution matrix for the Group Personal Pension Plan is:
Employee Lloyd’s Total
3% 8% 11%
4% 9% 13%
5% 10% 15%
6% 11% 17%
7% 12% 19%
8% 13% 21%
9% 14% 23%
10% or more 15% 25%
The cap on Lloyd’s contribution is 15%.
158 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme
The Lloyd’s Pension Scheme is a defined benefit pension scheme with assets held in a separately administered fund. The Scheme provides
pensions to members on retirement, as well as benefits on the death of members. The Scheme operates in accordance with the Scheme’s
Trust Deed and Rules and relevant legislation. A Board of Trustees manage and administer the Scheme; they are primarily responsible for
ensuring that members are paid the correct benefits at the correct time, and that there are sufficient Scheme assets to pay benefits as
they fall due.
The Lloyd’s Pension Scheme closed to new members in 2013 and closed to future accrual for existing members on 30 June 2018. Existing
members of the Scheme at that time were enrolled into the Group Personal Pension Plan for future pension benefits.
Scheme contributions and funding valuation
UK legislation requires the funding position of the Scheme to be assessed at least every three years by an independent qualified actuary.
Following closure of the Scheme to future benefit accrual, there are no regular monthly contributions paid to the Scheme. However, where
a funding deficit is identified, a recovery plan will be agreed between the Society and the Trustees, setting out the contributions required to
meet the deficit.
The Trustee has completed a formal actuarial valuation of the Scheme as at 30 June 2019 using the projected unit credit method. The total
market value of the Scheme’s assets at the 2019 valuation was £810m, and the total value of accrued liabilities was £889m showing a
funding deficit of £79m. These figures exclude both liabilities and the related assets in respect of money purchase Additional Voluntary
Contributions (AVCs). A recovery plan is in place and has been agreed with the Trustees.
Discretionary pension increases – treatment for funding purposes
There are no guaranteed increases in payment for most of the pensions accrued before 6 April 1997 (apart from on guaranteed minimum
pension). In 2003, Lloyd’s instructed Willis Towers Watson not to allow for such increases in calculating the Scheme’s liabilities for future
actuarial funding valuations. Such increases have always been payable at the discretion of the Society and will continue to be considered
on the basis of affordability but are not taken into account by the actuary in determining the funding level.
Guaranteed minimum pension equalisation
On 26 October 2018, the High Court ruled on the equalisation of benefits for the gender effect on a member’s guaranteed minimum
pension (‘GMP‘). The High Court rules that equalisation is required. Following this, Willis Towers Watson provided a report to the Society
setting out the financial effect of the GMP equalisation on the pension liabilities for the purpose of disclosure in the 2018 Society financial
statements. Lloyd’s agreed that an allowance of 0.4% of the pension liabilities as at 31 December 2018 should be reflected in the
accounting valuations as an estimate of the extra liabilities in respect of the GMP equalisation.
For the valuation as at 31 December 2020 the allowance for 0.4% of the pension liabilities has been retained.
Information about the risks of the Scheme to the Society
The ultimate cost of the Scheme to the Society will depend upon actual future events rather than the assumptions made. Many of the
assumptions made may not be borne out in practice and as such the cost of the Scheme may be higher or lower than disclosed. In general,
the risk to the Society is that the assumptions underlying the disclosures, or the calculation of contribution requirements, are not borne out
in practice and the cost to the Society is higher than expected. This could result in a higher deficit disclosed and therefore higher recovery
contributions required from the Society. This may also impact the Society’s ability to grant discretionary benefits or other enhancements
to members.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 159

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
13. Pension schemes continued
Information about the risks of the Scheme to the Society continued
More specifically, the assumptions not being borne out in practice could include:
— The return on the Scheme’s assets being lower than assumed;
— Falls in asset values (particularly equities) not being matched by similar falls in the value of liabilities;
— A decrease in corporate bond yields will increase the Scheme’s liabilities, although this will be partially offset by an increase in the value
of the Scheme’s bond assets;
— Some of the Scheme’s assets are linked to inflation, and higher inflation will lead to higher liabilities; and
— Unanticipated future changes in mortality patterns leading to an increase in the life expectancy for members, resulting in higher liabilities.
Future mortality rates cannot be predicted with certainty.
The Scheme’s investment strategy
The Scheme’s investment strategy apportions the Scheme’s assets into two portfolios. The risk-reducing portfolio, currently amounting to
around 50% of the total assets, is invested in bonds, structured with the intention of generating cash flows that match as far as possible
those required to meet a proportion of the Scheme’s obligations. The return-seeking portfolio is intended to generate returns which over
the long term will fund the remainder of the Scheme’s obligations. This portfolio is invested in a range of assets including passive and active
equities, property and infrastructure.
As the Scheme matures, the Trustees and the Society expect to continue to gradually reduce the proportion allocated to return-seeking
assets and increase the proportion allocated to matching assets.
Principal actuarial assumptions in respect of IAS 19
Judgement is required in determining the appropriateness of the basis of assumptions underpinning the estimated actuarial value of
scheme liabilities. The demographic assumptions that are the most financially significant are those relating to the life expectancy of retired
members. The mortality table used for the purposes of the IAS 19 valuation as at 31 December 2020 was 94% of SAPS S3 light tables for
male members and 93% SAPS S3 light tables for female members, 103% of SAPS S3 light tables for dependants of male members and
90% of SAPS S3 tables for dependants of female members with allowance for future improvements in line with the Continuous Mortality
Investigation’s (CMI) published 2019 core projection model with 1.25% per annum long-term improvements and an initial addition parameter
of 0.5% per annum (2019: 94% of SAPs S3 light tables for male members and 93% SAPs S3 light tables for female members, 103% of
SAPs S3 light tables for dependants of male members and 90% of SAPs S3 tables for dependants of female members with allowance for
future improvements in line with the Continuous Mortality Investigation’s (CMI) published 2018 core projection model with 1.25% per annum
long-term improvements and an initial addition parameter of 0.5% per annum).
These assumptions are equivalent to expected longevity at age 60 approximately as follows:
— For pensioners currently aged 60: ranging from 29 years to 30 years (2019: 29 years to 30 years); and
— For non-pensioners currently aged 45: ranging from 30 years to 31 years (2019: 30 years to 31 years).
The other major financial assumptions used by the actuary as at 31 December 2020 for the purposes of IAS 19 were:
2020 2019 2018 2017 2016
% per % per % per % per % per
annum annum annum annum annum
General salary and wage inflation N/A N/A N/A 4.2 4.4
Rate of increase in pensions in payment
6 April 1997 to 5 April 2005 2.8 2.8 3.1 3.1 3.2
Post 5 April 2005 1.9 1.9 2.2 2.2 2.3
Increases to final salary deferred pensions
Benefits accrued before April 2009 2.4 2.2 2.2 2.2 2.4
Benefits accrued from April 2009 2.4 2.2 2.2 2.2 2.4
CARE* revaluation in service and in deferment, and increase in payment 1.9 1.9 2.2 2.2 2.3
Discount rate 1.5 2.0 2.9 2.4 2.6
Price inflation
Retail Price Inflation (RPI) 2.9 2.9 3.2 3.2 3.4
Consumer Price Inflation (CPI) 2.4 2.2 2.2 2.2 2.4
*Career average revalued earnings.
160 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Principal actuarial assumptions in respect of IAS 19 continued
An allowance is made for members commuting 20% (2019: 20%) of their pension on retirement using the factors in use at the respective
date.
The notional fund
For IAS 19 purposes, the Society recognises the cost of discretionary increases to pre-6 April 1997 benefits in payment when there is a
constructive liability to make such increases. The Society provided £10m in 2007 and a further £20m in 2011 to meet the expected cost of
future discretionary increases. This amount has been notionally segregated from the Scheme’s other assets (the ‘notional fund’) and its
investment performance will be tracked on the assumption that it is invested in the same way as the Scheme’s other assets.
The notional fund will be used to facilitate the award of future discretionary pension increases when the Society carries out its annual
review of pensions in accordance with the Scheme’s Definitive Trust Deed. As long as there is a notional fund set aside for this purpose,
discretionary increases will continue to be considered. As at 31 December 2020, the value of the notional fund was £22m (2019: £21m).
Sensitivity of pension obligation to changes in assumptions
The discount rate, inflation and mortality assumptions are critical estimates. The actuarial valuation of liabilities under IAS 19 is particularly
sensitive to changes in market conditions:
— An increase of 1% per annum in the discount rate as at 31 December 2020 would result in a reduction to the pension liabilities at that
date of around 17% (2019: 16%) or approximately £180m (2019: £160m); A corresponding 1% pa decrease would increase liabilities at that
date by around 21% (2019: 21%) or approximately £230m (2019: £210m).
— An increase of 1% per annum in the assumption for future inflation (both Retail Price Index and Consumer Price Index) as at 31 December
2020, which would increase future expectations of pension increases and deferred revaluation, would result in an increase in the pension
liabilities at that date of around 7% (2019: 8%) or approximately £80m (2019: £80m). A corresponding 1% pa decrease would reduce
liabilities at that date by around 8% (2019: 8%) or approximately £90m (2019: £80m).
— A change in the mortality assumptions could have a significant impact on the pension liability. For instance, if members aged 60 were
instead expected to live for one year longer, with all other members’ life expectancies increasing by a proportionate amount, then the
liability as at 31 December 2020 would be 4% higher (2019: 3%), or approximately £40m (2019: £30m). Similarly, if members aged 60
were instead expected to live for one year less, then the liabiilty would be around 3% lower (2019: 3%), or approximately £30m (2019:
£30m).
Total market value of assets and actuarial value of Scheme liabilities
Amounts for the current and previous years were:
2020 2019 2018 2017 2016
Fair value Fair value Fair value Fair value Fair value
Asset/(liability) analysis of the Scheme £m £m £m £m £m
Bonds
Corporate bonds 33 37 33 137 135
Gilts 469 410 374 142 141
Equities
UK equities 25 33 29 33 41
Overseas (excluding UK) equities 230 244 224 342 284
Property 51 53 85 97 91
Diversified income credit 43 41 – – –
Infrastructure – 20 16 16 15
Hedge funds 38 – – – –
Cash and net current assets 17 22 12 29 23
Total market value of assets 906 860 773 796 730
Actuarial value of Scheme liabilities (1,089) (997) (860) (957) (958)
Net defined benefit liability (183) (137) (87) (161) (228)
All of the Scheme’s assets are quoted in an active market apart from hedge funds and property (2020: £89m; 2019 £53m). The Scheme is
not currently invested in any of the Society’s own assets. Approximately 94% (2019: 94%) of the Scheme’s liabilities relate to final salary
members and 6% (2019: 6%) relates to CARE members.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 161

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
13. Pension schemes continued
Total market value of assets and actuarial value of Scheme liabilities continued
Changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligations are:
2020 2019
£m £m
Actuarial value of Scheme liabilities at 1 January 997 860
Interest cost on Pension Scheme liabilities 19 24
Current service cost (net of employee contributions) 1 –
Benefits paid and administrative expenses (29) (30)
Experience gain arising in Scheme liabilities (1) (1)
Change in assumptions underlying the present value of the Scheme liabilities
Demographic assumption change – 31
Financial assumption change 102 113
Actuarial value of Scheme liabilities at 31 December 1,089 997
Changes in fair value of plan assets were:
2020 2019
£m £m
Fair value of Scheme assets at 1 January 860 773
Expected return on Pension Scheme assets 17 22
Employer contributions 11 11
Benefits paid (28) (30)
Actuarial gain on Scheme assets 47 84
Administrative expenses (1) –
Fair value of Scheme assets at 31 December 906 860
Analysis of the amount recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income
2020 2019
£m £m
Experience gains arising on Scheme liabilities 1 1
Changes in the assumptions underlying the present value of the Scheme liabilities
Demographic assumption change – (31)
Financial assumption change (102) (113)
Actuarial loss arising during period (101) (143)
Actuarial gain on Scheme assets 47 84
Remeasurement effects recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income (54) (59)
Analysis of the amount charged to the Group income statement
(recognised in Group operating expenses)
2020 2019
£m £m
Current service cost 1 –
Net interest on net defined benefit liability 2 2
Total operating charge 3 2
162 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Maturity profile of Defined Benefit Obligation
The Scheme is maturing over time, with 38% of the members in the Scheme at the 30 June 2019 valuation date being retired members and
with an approximate duration of the Scheme’s liabilities of around 19 years.
The expected benefit payments from the Scheme over the next few years are as follows:
£m
Expected benefit payments during year ending 31 December 2021 29
Expected benefit payments during year ending 31 December 2022 30
Expected benefit payments during year ending 31 December 2023 31
Expected benefit payments during year ending 31 December 2024 33
Expected benefit payments during year ending 31 December 2025 35
Expected benefit payments during period 1 January 2026 to 31 December 2030 186
Expected benefit payments during period 1 January 2031 to 31 December 2035 192
Expected benefit payments from 1 January 2036 onwards 942
Overseas pension schemes
The Society operates a number of defined benefit schemes for qualifying employees based overseas. The actuarial valuations of these
pension schemes at 31 December 2020 resulted in a deficit of £4m (2019: £3m).
2020 2019
£m £m
Value of assets 2 2
Actuarial value of scheme liabilities (6) (5)
Net defined benefit liability (4) (3)
Defined contribution plans
The Society operates a number of defined contribution retirement benefit schemes for qualifying employees based overseas. The assets of
the schemes are held separately from those of the Society in funds under the control of the Trustees.
In some countries, employees are members of state-managed retirement benefit schemes. The Society is required to contribute a specified
percentage of payroll costs to fund these benefits. The only obligation of the Society with respect to the retirement benefit scheme is to
make the specified contributions.
The total expense recognised in the Group income statement of £4m (2019: £3m) represents contributions payable to these schemes by
the Society at pricing levels specified in the rules of these schemes.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 163

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
14. Intangible assets
Software development
£m
Cost
At 1 January 2019 11
Additions 12
At 31 December 2019 23
Additions 67
At 31 December 2020 90
Amortisation
At 1 January 2019 (5)
Amortisation charge for the year (2)
At 31 December 2019 (7)
Amortisation charge for the year (3)
At 31 December 2020 (10)
Impairment
At 1 January 2020 and 31 December 2019 –
Impairment charge for the year (26)
At 31 December 2020 (26)
Net book value at 31 December 2020 54
Net book value at 31 December 2019 16
Impairment losses
Impairment reviews are undertaken annually for the assessment of the carrying value of assets. As part of the assessment £26m (2019:
£nil) of the intangible assets were impaired during the year. All of these assets were initially recognised in the current period and largely
relate to Future at Lloyd’s development around the initiatives outlined in Blueprint Two published in November 2020. Each of the initiatives
have been designed on the basis that assets created could generate their own revenue stream in the future. However, decisions on the
future Corporation business model have yet to be made to estimate reliably future cash flows from use of the assets. As a result, the
recoverable amount of assets in development as at 31 December 2020 is assessed as £nil. The impairment of these assets will be reviewed
for evidence of possible reversal at each reporting date.
Amortisation and impairment charges are recognised within Group operating expenses in the income statement.
164 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
15. Tangible assets
Plant and equipment
Computer
and
Furniture specialised
and fittings equipment Total
£m £m £m
Cost
At 1 January 2019 37 22 59
Additions 4 3 7
Disposals (4) – (4)
At 31 December 2019 37 25 62
Additions 4 1 5
Disposals (19) (11) (30)
At 31 December 2020 22 15 37
Depreciation and impairment
At 1 January 2019 (28) (19) (47)
Depreciation charge for the year (3) (1) (4)
Disposals 2 – 2
At 31 December 2019 (29) (20) (49)
Depreciation charge for the year (2) (1) (3)
Disposals 18 11 29
Impairment (1) – (1)
At 31 December 2020 (14) (10) (24)
Net book value at 31 December 2020 8 5 13
Net book value at 31 December 2019 8 5 13
Impairment losses
Impairment reviews are undertaken annually of the recoverability of the carrying value of plant and equipment assets held. As part of this
review, £1m of tangible assets were impaired during the year (2019: £nil).
Lloyd’s Collection
The Lloyd’s Collection represents various paintings, antiques and artefacts. The collection was valued at £15m by Gurr Johns Limited,
valuers and fine art consultants in November 2018, on the basis of open market auction value assuming all items are not sold at the same
time taking into account the nature, age, condition and quality of each chattel. The Lloyd’s Collection is valued every three years, unless
there is any indication of impairment.
16. Leases
The Society’s lease portfolio encompasses property in the UK, Europe, Asia and the Americas. The 1986 Building is the material component
of the portfolio and accounts for 85% (2019: 88%) of the right-of-use net book asset value. The remaining portfolio is made up of numerous
other leases, the next largest being Lloyd’s of London (Asia) PTE Ltd. and New York office leases representing 6% (2019: 2%) and 3% (new
in 2020) of the portfolio respectively. The Society sub-leases parts of the 1986 Building for which it receives an income.
Leases typically run from three to five years, with the only material exception being the 1986 Building, which has a lease duration
of 35 years.
The Society also has certain leases of, predominantly, office equipment with low value. The Society applies the IFRS 16 ‘short-term lease’
and ‘lease of low-value assets’ recognition exemptions for these leases.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 165

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
16. Leases continued
Right-of-use asset
Set out below are the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets recognised and the movements during the period:
1986
Building Other Total
£m £m £m
At 1 January 2019 – – –
Initial recognition 157 22 179
Depreciation charge for the year (13) (10) (23)
At 31 December 2019 144 12 156
Additions – 20 20
Depreciation charge for the year (13) (8) (21)
At 31 December 2020 131 24 155
Lease liabilities
Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities and the movements during the period:
1986
Building Other Total
£m £m £m
At 1 January 2019 – – –
Initial recognition (150) (21) (171)
Interest (7) (1) (8)
Payments 17 10 27
At 31 December 2019 (140) (12) (152)
Additions – (20) (20)
Interest (7) (1) (8)
Payments 17 8 25
Impact of change in foreign exchange rates – 1 1
At 31 December 2020 (130) (24) (154)
Non-cancellable lease rental payables are as follows:
Current 10 6 16
Non-current (between 1 and 5 years) 47 13 60
Non-current (greater than 5 years) 73 5 78
Expenses recognised in Income statement
The following are the amounts recognised in the Group income statement:
2020 2019
£m £m
Depreciation expense of right-of-use asset 21 23
Interest expense on lease liabilities 8 8
Total amount recognised in the Group income statement 29 31
The Society had total cash outflows for leases of £25m in 2020 (2019: £27m).
The Society has several lease contracts that include extension and termination options. These options are negotiated by management to
provide flexibility in managing the leased-asset portfolio and align with the Society’s business needs. Management exercises significant
judgement in determining whether these extensions and termination options are reasonably certain to be exercised. The most significant
lease in this regard is the 1986 Building. There is an option to terminate the lease in 2026. There has been no management decision to
exercise the break before the end of the lease in 2031.
166 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Group as a lessor
The Society has entered into operating leases for the 1986 Building and other property leases. The amounts receivable as at 31 December
2020 are:
2020
1986 2020 2020
Building Other Total
£m £m £m
Non-cancellable lease rentals are receivable are as follows:
Within one year 5 4 9
After one year but not more than five years 2 7 9
More than five years – – –
The increase in the ‘Other’ category relates to the new Singapore lease with lessor agreements running from 2020 to 2023.
2019
1986 2019 2019
Building Other Total
£m £m £m
Non-cancellable lease rentals are receivable are as follows:
Within one year 5 1 6
After one year but not more than five years 2 – 2
More than five years – – –
17. Loans recoverable
Recoverable Central Fund loans made to hardship members are recorded at amortised cost and relate solely to the valuation of hardship,
Limited Financial Assistance Agreement and legal assets. Gains and losses are included in the Group income statement in the period in
which they arise. The valuation process is carried out twice a year at both interim and year end.
2020 2019
£m £m
At 1 January 34 36
Recoveries during the year (3) –
Movement recognised during the year 1 (2)
At 31 December 32 34
18. Financial investments
2020 2019
Note £m £m
Financial investments at amortised cost
Statutory insurance deposits 807 696
Short-term and security deposits 626 478
Total financial investments at amortised cost 18(a) 1,433 1,174
Financial investments at fair value through profit and loss 18(b) 2,676 2,788
Financial investments 4,109 3,962
(a) Financial investments at amortised cost
Financial investments at amortised cost include statutory insurance deposits, short-term deposits and security deposits.
Statutory insurance deposits include investments such as government bonds, treasury bills, letters of credit, call accounts, fixed term
deposits and cash deposits held in certain countries to satisfy local trading authorisation requirements. These are excluded from cash and
cash equivalents because these amounts are not available to finance the Society’s day-to-day operations.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 167

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
18. Financial investments continued
(a) Financial investments at amortised cost continued
2020 2020 2020
Securities Deposits Total
Statutory insurance deposits £m £m £m
Amortised cost at 1 January 11 685 696
Additions at cost 8 908 916
Disposal proceeds (12) (817) (829)
Surplus on the sale and revaluation of investments – 24 24
At 31 December 7 800 807
2019 2019 2019
Securities Deposits Total
Statutory insurance deposits £m £m £m
At 1 January 11 618 629
Additions at cost 27 649 676
Disposal proceeds (26) (566) (592)
Deficit on the sale and revaluation of investments (1) (16) (17)
At 31 December 11 685 696
2020 2019
Analysis of statutory insurance deposits £m £m
AAA 1 1
AA 544 414
A 243 261
BBB 8 8
Other 11 12
Total of statutory insurance deposits 807 696
2020 2019
Analysis of short-term and security deposits £m £m
AAA – 11
AA 6 146
A 607 209
BBB 13 108
Other – 4
Total securities 626 478
168 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
(b) Financial investments at fair value through profit and loss
2020
2020 Lloyd’s
Corporation Central 2020
of Lloyd’s Fund Total
£m £m £m
Market value at 1 January 210 2,578 2,788
Additions at cost 417 1,741 2,158
Disposal proceeds (104) (2,250) (2,354)
(Deficit)/surplus on the sale and revaluation of investments 10 74 84
Fair value at 31 December 533 2,143 2,676
Analysis of securities at year end:
Listed securities
Fixed interest:
Government 300 1,127 1,427
Corporate securities 233 429 662
Total fixed interest 533 1,556 2,089
Emerging markets – 71 71
Global equities – 435 435
Total listed securities 533 2,062 2,595
Unlisted securities
Hedge funds – 13 13
Multi-asset funds – 68 68
Total unlisted securities – 81 81
Fair value 533 2,143 2,676
Analysis of securities:
AAA 127 466 593
AA 160 543 703
A 62 356 418
BBB 184 195 379
Other – 583 583
Total securities 533 2,143 2,676
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 169

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
18. Financial investments continued
(b) Financial investments at fair value through profit and loss continued
2019
2019 Lloyd’s
Corporation Central 2019
of Lloyd’s Fund Total
£m £m £m
Fair value at 1 January 146 2,340 2,486
Additions at cost 197 1,237 1,434
Disposal proceeds (123) (1,119) (1,242)
(Deficit)/Surplus on the sale and revaluation of investments (10) 120 110
Fair value at 31 December 210 2,578 2,788
Analysis of securities at year end:
Listed securities
Fixed interest:
Government 137 835 972
Corporate securities 73 658 731
Total fixed interest 210 1,493 1,703
Emerging markets – 159 159
Global equities – 367 367
Fixed income absolute return fund – 105 105
Total listed securities 210 2,124 2,334
Unlisted securities
Hedge funds – 165 165
Multi-asset – 289 289
Total unlisted securities – 454 454
Fair value 210 2,578 2,788
Analysis of securities:
AAA 44 261 305
AA 86 600 686
A 37 413 450
BBB 43 360 403
Other – 944 944
Total securities 210 2,578 2,788
170 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
19. Trade and other receivables due within one year
2020 2019
£m £m
Due within one year
Trade (net of allowance for expected credit losses) 2 4
Insurance and reinsurance receivables 1,618 1,065
Reinsurance commission receivable 35 33
Interest receivable 15 16
VAT receivable 6 7
Overseas office deposits 3 3
Amounts due from underwriters 3 3
Other receivables 31 14
Total trade and other receivables 1,713 1,145
20. Financial risk management objectives and policies
The Society’s risk management of investment operations is predominantly controlled by the Lloyd’s Treasury and Investment Management
department under policies approved by the Investment Committee. The department identifies, evaluates and hedges financial risks in close
cooperation with the Society’s operating units. The Council provides written principles for overall risk management, as well as policies
covering specific areas, such as foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk, credit risk, use of derivative financial instruments and non-
derivative financial instruments, and investment of excess liquidity.
Explanations of the Society's financial instrument risk management objectives, policies, strategy and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
are set out in the discussion of the Society’s financial risk management and treasury policies on pages 116 to 118 of the Financial Review.
(a) Fair values and credit risk
The methods and assumptions used in estimating the fair value of financial instruments are detailed in note 2(h).
The fair value (based on the quoted offer prices) of subordinated debt is £936m (2019: £908m) against a carrying value measured at
amortised cost of £795m (2019: £794m). All other financial instruments are either held at fair value, amortised cost or at an amount that
approximates fair value.
At the reporting date there were no significant concentrations of credit risk, other than insurance contract assets, which are all recoverable
from Lloyd’s syndicates. All syndicates benefit from the Lloyd’s chain of security, therefore credit risk for insurance contract assets is
concentrated with the Society of Lloyd’s. The maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by the carrying value of each financial asset,
including derivative financial instruments, in the Group statement of financial position.
Expected credit losses
The Group has the following types of financial assets that are subject to the expected credit loss model:
— Insurance contract assets;
— Statutory insurance deposits;
— Debt instruments carried at amortised cost;
— Trade and other receivables; and
— Cash and cash equivalents.
While these financial assets are subject to the impairment requirements of IFRS 9, the identified impairment losses are immaterial.
Trade receivables
The ageing of trade receivables as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 was as follows:
2020 2020 2020 2019 2019 2019
Gross Impairment Net Gross Impairment Net
£m £m £m £m £m £m
1-30 days 1 – 1 3 – 3
Past due 31-120 days 1 – 1 1 – 1
Total 2 – 2 4 – 4
The Society’s normal credit terms are 30 days. There was no movement in the £nil allowance for expected credit losses in respect of trade
receivables during the year.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 171

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
20. Financial risk management objectives and policies continued
(b) Sensitivity analysis
Foreign currency exposure
Currency risk is the risk that the sterling value of the Society’s assets and liabilities will fluctuate due to changes in foreign exchange rates.
The Society’s exposure to the risk of changes in the foreign exchange rates relates primarily to changes in the fair value of foreign
currency denominated investments and forward contracts. Further details on foreign currency risk can be found on page 117.
The majority of foreign exchange exposures arising from investments denominated in foreign currencies are managed via a foreign
exchange hedging programme. The Society also hedges against the portion of the capital requirement denominated in US dollars, in
excess of US dollar holdings. As a result, the Society has remaining net exposures to foreign currencies and the sterling value of the
Society’s investments may be impacted by movements in exchange rates relating to these exposures. At 31 December 2020, a 10% rise or
fall in the value of sterling, against all other currencies, would have reduced/increased the surplus before tax by £336m (2019: £288m). This
analysis is presented net of foreign exchange hedges and assumes that all other variables remain constant. In practice, actual results may
differ.
Debt securities sensitivities
The value of the Society’s investments in debt securities is affected by changes in the level of yields, as determined by the financial
markets. As at 31 December 2020, a consistent increase or decrease of 100 basis points in the yields applicable to all relevant securities
would have reduced/increased the surplus before tax by approximately £50m (2019: £45m). Relevant securities include investment grade
sovereign and corporate bonds, floating rate notes and interest rate swaps. This analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular
foreign currency exchange rates, remain constant. In practice, actual results may differ. Further details on market risk can be found on
page 117.
Equity price risk
Equity price risk is the risk that the market values of equity investments fall. At 31 December 2020, a 15% fall or rise in the value of all the
Society’s equity investments would have reduced/increased the surplus before tax by approximately £39m (2019: £79m). This analysis is
presented net of equity futures hedges assumes that all other variables, in particular foreign currency exchange rates, remain constant. In
practice, actual results may differ. Further details on market risk can be found on page 117.
172 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
(b) Sensitivity analysis continued
Liquidity risk
The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Society’s non-derivative financial liabilities as at 31 December 2020 based on
undiscounted contractual cash flows:
Carrying Contractual Within More than
amount cash flows 1 year 1-2 years 2-5 years 5 years
As at 31 December 2020 Note £m £m £m £m £m £m
Senior notes 24(i) 299 (445) (8) (8) (24) (405)
Subordinated loan notes 24(ii) 795 (996) (38) (38) (591) (329)
Loans funding statutory insurance deposits 805 (805) (805) – – –
Trade and other payables 26 1,929 (1,929) (1,929) – – –
Total 3,828 (4,175) (2,780) (46) (615) (734)
Carrying Contractual Within More than
amount cash flows 1 year 1-2 years 2-5 years 5 years
As at 31 December 2019 Note £m £m £m £m £m £m
Senior notes 24(i) – – – – – –
Subordinated loan notes 24(ii) 794 (1,035) (38) (38) (615) (344)
Loans funding statutory insurance deposits 690 (690) (690) – – –
Trade and other payables 26 1,372 (1,372) (1,372) – – –
Total 2,856 (3,097) (2,100) (38) (615) (344)
The contractual cash flows have been based on the expectation, but not the obligation, that the subordinated notes are redeemed at the
first option date.
(c) Derivative financial instruments
The Society enters into forward currency contracts to manage exposures to fluctuation of exchange rates and to provide a currency
conversion service to the Lloyd’s market. The Society’s derivative financial instruments are categorised as fair value hierarchy Level 2.
Forward currency contracts are settled gross; notional amounts are a close proxy for gross cash flow amounts. The fair value and notional
amounts of forward currency contracts, all of which mature within one year, are analysed as follows:
2020 Assets 2020 Liabilities
Fair value Notional Fair value Notional
As at 31 December £m £m £m £m
Currency conversion service 2 202 (2) (202)
Other forward foreign exchange contracts 13 1,134 (15) (1,136)
Interest rate swaps 6 336 (10) (336)
Equity futures – 244 (5) (244)
Total 21 1,916 (32) (1,918)
2019 Assets 2019 Liabilities
Fair value Notional Fair value Notional
As at 31 December £m £m £m £m
Currency conversion service 2 161 (2) (161)
Other forward foreign exchange contracts 22 789 (3) (771)
Interest rate swaps 1 295 (5) (295)
Equity futures – 132 (3) (132)
Total 25 1,377 (13) (1,359)
Further details regarding the senior and subordinated notes can be found in note 24 on page 177.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 173

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
20. Financial risk management objectives and policies continued
(d) Fair value hierarchy
To provide further information on the valuation techniques the Society uses to measure assets carried at fair value, the Society has
categorised the measurement basis for assets carried at fair value into a fair value hierarchy described as follows, based on the lowest
level input that is significant to the valuation as a whole:
Level 1
Inputs to Level 1 fair values are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. An active market is one in which transactions for the
asset occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. Examples are listed debt securities in
active markets, listed equities in active markets, listed deposits held with credit institutions in active markets.
Level 2
Inputs to Level 2 fair values are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset, either directly (ie
as prices) or indirectly (ie derived from prices) and fair value is determined through the use of models or other valuation methodologies.
Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar (ie not identical) assets in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets in
markets that are not active or in which little information is released publicly, unlisted deposits held with credit institutions in active markets
or low volatility hedge funds where tradeable net asset values are published.
Level 3
Inputs to Level 3 fair values are inputs that are unobservable for the asset. Unobservable inputs have been used to measure fair value
where observable inputs are not available, allowing for situations where there is little or no market activity. Unobservable inputs reflect
assumptions that the Society considers that market participants would use in pricing the asset and have been based on a combination of
independent third-party evidence and internally developed models. There are no assets categorised at Level 3 in either 2020 or 2019.
2020 2020 2020
Level 1 Level 2 Total
Note £m £m £m
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Fixed income securities 1,427 662 2,089
Equity investments 435 71 506
Unlisted securities – 81 81
Total financial investments 18 1,862 814 2,676
Derivative financial instruments
Currency conversion service – 2 2
Other forward foreign exchange contracts – 13 13
Interest rate swaps – 6 6
Equity futures – – –
Total derivative financial instruments 20(c) – 21 21
Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 1,862 835 2,697
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Derivative financial instruments
Currency conversion service – (2) (2)
Other forward foreign exchange contracts – (15) (15)
Interest rate swaps – (10) (10)
Equity futures – (5) (5)
Total derivative financial instruments 20(c) – (32) (32)
Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss – (32) (32)
174 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
(d) Fair value hierarchy continued
2019 2019 2019
Level 1 Level 2 Total
Note £m £m £m
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Fixed income securities 972 731 1,703
Equity investments 367 159 526
Fixed income absolute return fund – 105 105
Unlisted securities – 454 454
Total financial investments 18 1,339 1,449 2,788
Derivative financial instruments
Currency conversion service – 2 2
Other forward foreign exchange contracts – 22 22
Interest rate swaps – 1 1
Equity futures – – –
Total derivative financial instruments 20(c) – 25 25
Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 1,339 1,474 2,813
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Derivative financial instruments
Currency conversion service – (2) (2)
Other forward foreign exchange contracts – (3) (3)
Interest rate swaps – (5) (5)
Equity futures – (3) (3)
Total derivative financial instruments 20(c) – (13) (13)
Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss – (13) (13)
Unlisted securities
Fair values are determined using a pricing hierarchy structure for valuation purposes. The valuation principles employed are to provide the
most accurate valuations, while also working to provide independent valuations. The pricing process employs a hierarchy that utilises
numerous third-party sources in a tiered system. The standard pricing hierarchy includes the following independent pricing vendors: FT
Interactive Data, Reuters, Barclays Indices, Citigroup Indices, Merrill Lynch Indices, SNP (Standard & Poor’s), MarkIt/LoanX – senior
secured loans, Broker/Dealer Pricing, Fair Value/Model Pricing and Spread Pricing.
Where estimates are used to value unlisted securities, these are based on a combination of independent third-party evidence and internally
developed models, calibrated to market observable data where possible. While such valuations are sensitive to estimates, at year end
changing one or more of the assumptions to reasonably possible alternative assumptions is unlikely to result in a significant change in fair
value.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 175

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
21. Cash and cash equivalents
2020 2019
£m £m
Cash at banks 535 285
Short-term deposits 639 248
Total cash and cash equivalents 1,174 533
Cash at banks earn interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short-term deposits are made for varying periods of
between one day and three months, depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Society, and earn interest at the respective
short-term deposit rates. The fair value of cash and cash equivalents is £1,174m (2019: £533m).
22. Equity
Accumulated reserves
2020 2019
£m £m
Attributable to:
Corporation of Lloyd’s 1 72
Central Fund 2,443 2,373
Associates and joint ventures 24 21
Total accumulated reserves 2,468 2,466
Translation reserve
The translation reserve of £26m (2019: £10m) is used to record foreign exchange gains and losses recognised in other comprehensive
income as a result of translating the results and financial position of Group entities that have a functional currency different from the
presentation currency.
Revaluation reserve
The revaluation reserve of £15m (2019: £15m) is used to record increases in the fair value of the Lloyd’s Collection and decreases to the
extent that such decreases relate to the amount previously recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income.
23. Syndicate loans
2020 2019
£m £m
2020 Syndicate loan (November) 285 –
2020 Syndicate loan (June) 119 –
2019 Syndicate loans 110 110
Principal loan balance 514 110
Syndicate loans may be repaid in full or in part, at the discretion of the Society, only after a period of five years has elapsed. The interest
rate on the loans is based on a risk-free rate with an allowance for credit spread. The Council may elect to defer or cancel payment of all or
any interest. Interest is only recognised once the holders’ right to receive payment is confirmed. At 31 December 2020, the cumulative
interest to date, not yet confirmed, totals £9m (31 December 2019: £3m).
Syndicate loans are accounted for as an equity instrument in the Society’s financial statements and as such any interest paid to loan
holders is recognised as a dividend payment and recorded as a reduction in equity. A dividend payment of £4m (2019: £nil) was made
during the year.
176 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
24. Senior and Subordinated notes
i) Senior notes
2020 2019
£m £m
Details of loans payable wholly or partly after more than five years:
2.48% senior debt of £60m maturing January 2030 (Sterling 2020) 60 –
2.48% senior debt of £40m maturing January 2031 (Sterling 2020) 40 –
2.61% senior debt of £70m maturing January 2035 (Sterling 2020) 70 –
2.81% senior debt of £130m maturing January 2045 (Sterling 2020) 130 –
Less issue costs and discount on issue to be charged/unwound in future years (1) –
Total 299 –
To ensure funding is available to meet the near and medium-term cash requirements of the Future at Lloyd’s, the Society took advantage of
the low interest rate environment and placed £300m of senior debt on 21 January 2020, thereby avoiding any increase in market levies.
ii) Subordinated notes
2020 2019
£m £m
Details of loans payable wholly or partly after more than five years:
4.875% subordinated notes of £300m maturing 7 February 2047 (Sterling 2017 Notes) 300 300
4.750% subordinated notes of £500m maturing 30 October 2024 (Sterling 2014 Notes) 500 500
Total subordinated notes issued 800 800
Less issue costs to be charged in future years (3) (4)
Less discount on issue to be unwound in future years (2) (2)
Total 795 794
The notes are subordinated obligations of the Society. Each tranche of the notes will rank pari passu with the other in a winding-up of the
Society. Upon the occurrence of any winding-up proceedings of the Society, payments on the notes will be subordinated in right of
payment to the prior payment in full of all other liabilities of the Society, except for liabilities which rank equally with or junior to the notes.
Payments on the notes will also be subordinated to certain payments which may be made out of central assets including payments made to
discharge the liabilities of an insolvent member to any person (including any policyholders) arising out of, or in connection with, insurance
business carried on at Lloyd’s by that insolvent member and payments made in respect of the costs required by or under any insolvency
procedure to which the Society or the Lloyd’s market may be subject. However, in the event of a winding-up of the Society, the claims of
the holders of the notes rank senior to the distribution of any central assets to members of Lloyd’s generally (other than payments made
to members in their capacity as senior creditors of the Society).
The Sterling 2014 notes issued on 30 October 2014 mature on 30 October 2024 and bear interest at a rate of 4.75% per annum, payable
annually in arrears on 30 October in each year.
The Sterling 2017 notes issued on 7 February 2017 mature on 7 February 2047 and bear interest at a rate of 4.875% per annum, payable
annually in arrears on 7 February in each year.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 177

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
25. Provisions
2020 2020
Lease cost Other 2020
provision provisions Total
£m £m £m
Balance at 1 January 67 13 80
Charged in the year 2 – 2
Utilised in the year (12) (4) (16)
Balance at 31 December 57 9 66
2019 2019
Lease cost Other 2019
provision provisions Total
£m £m £m
Balance at 1 January 8 12 20
Charged in the year 60 4 64
Utilised in the year (1) (3) (4)
Balance at 31 December 67 13 80
Lease cost provision
The lease cost provision represents the Society’s obligations in respect of the contractual capital expenditure and dilapidation cost under
fully repairing leases. Under the 1986 Building lease, the Society has obligations to the lessor to repair, maintain and cleanse the building
throughout the duration of the lease, and to bring the building back to its original condition at the end of the lease. The Society reviews
annually the estimated cost of satisfying the obligations under the lease. Third-party experts are engaged to help identify and validate
required repair or maintenance and to estimate the cost of work required. The estimated costs for all repairs that have been evidenced as
required under the lease are fully provided for. During 2019, further information was obtained from third parties to verify that significant
repair and maintenance work was required under the lease, much of which has been undertaken during 2020 or planned for 2021.
The value of the lease cost provision is calculated with reference to the costs which are expected to be incurred during the remainder of
the lease term. A 10% increase/(decrease) in these costs will therefore increase/(decrease) the value of the provision by 10%. The value of
the provision is not sensitive to the timing of expenditure during the lease term.
Other provisions
Other provisions include: restructuring provision £5m (2019: £7m), provision for obligations under an onerous lease £3m (2019: £3m),
Income Assistance Scheme £1m (2019: £1m) and other risks and charges: £nil (2019: £2m).
Restructuring provision
The provision is predominantly in respect of obligations arising from the implementation of the Society’s operating model programme,
Setting Ourselves Up for Success.
The provision is calculated using assumptions regarding the average salary and length of service of potentially impacted employees and is
therefore sensitive to changes in these assumptions.
Obligations under onerous lease
A provision is made for obligations under an operating lease when the physically separable part of a property is taken out of use by the
Society and the unavoidable costs of meeting the obligations under the lease exceed the economic benefits expected to be received.
The provision is calculated using future lease payments as per the lease contract discounted at the Society’s long-term borrowing rate and
is therefore sensitive to changes in this assumption.
Income Assistance Scheme
The Income Assistance Scheme was effective from 1 January 2010 and replaced both the Hardship Income Top-up Scheme and the
Income and Housing Support Scheme. The Income Assistance Scheme is permanent and replaces the discretionary nature of the previous
schemes and guarantees ongoing payment of income assistance to eligible members of the previous schemes until the full undertaking has
been utilised, other than in the event that Lloyd’s faces severe financial stress.
The provision covers expected future payments under the Income Assistance Scheme. The Names covered by the scheme receive
quarterly payments until (a) death (or a spouse’s death depending upon the individual arrangements agreed), (b) earlier settlement of the
debt by the Name or (c) default by the Name of their contractual obligations. The value of the provision is therefore sensitive to the factors
above as well as changes in inflation rates.
178 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
26. Trade and other payables
2020 2019
£m £m
Due within one year
Trade and other payables 107 101
Insurance and reinsurance payables 1,771 1,223
Market charges repayable 23 25
Taxation and social security 5 4
Arbitration awards 2 2
Interest payable on subordinated loan notes 17 17
Interest payable on senior debt 4 –
Total trade and other payables 1,929 1,372
27. Cash generated from operations
2020 2019
Note £m £m
Surplus before tax 56 170
Net finance expense/(income) 9 57 (100)
Share of profits of associates and joint ventures 11 (12) (9)
Operating surplus 101 61
Adjustments for:
Amortisation of intangible assets 14 3 2
Depreciation of plant and equipment 15 3 4
Depreciation of right-of-use asset 16 21 23
Impairment losses 14,15 27 –
Operating surplus before working capital changes 155 90
Changes in pension obligations (7) (9)
Increase in receivables (5,700) (2,584)
Increase in payables 5,599 2,588
(Decrease)/increase in provisions (14) 60
Cash (used in)/generated from operations 33 145
28. Commitments
Capital expenditure commitments
Capital expenditure commitments contracted but not provided for in the financial statements were £5m (2019: £1m).
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 179

Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
29. Disclosure of related party transactions
The Group financial statements include the financial statements of the Society and all its subsidiary undertakings, the Lloyd’s Central Fund
and the Group’s interests in its associates and joint ventures as listed in note 11.
Services provided to Ins-sure Holdings Limited Group in the year ended 31 December 2020 included operating systems support and
development, and other administrative services.
Services provided to Xchanging Claims Services Limited Group in the year ended 31 December 2020 were primarily administrative
services.
Services provided to London Market Operations & Strategic Sourcing Limited in the year ended 31 December 2020 were primarily fee
collection services.
The Society made a £6.6m investment in Placing Platform Limited (PPL) to continue to advance the implementation of digital trading in the
Lloyd’s market. It is accounted for as an investment in a joint venture using the equity method. The investment is recognised at cost. The
carrying value is adjusted to reflect the Society’s share of PPL profit or loss.
The following table provides the total value of transactions entered into with Society related parties for the relevant financial years together
with information regarding the outstanding balances at 31 December 2020 and 2019.
Purchases from Amounts owed to
related parties related parties
2020 2019 2020 2019
£m £m £m £m
Associates:
Ins-sure Holdings Limited 3 4 – –
Joint ventures:
Placing Platform Limited – – – –
London Market Operations & Strategic Sourcing Limited 3 2 – –
Structured Data Capture Limited – 1 – –
Transactions with associates and joint arrangements are priced on an arm’s-length basis. There were no sales to related parties during the
current or prior year, and no amounts owed by related parties as at 31 December 2020 and 2019.
In the normal course of business, the Society may enter into transactions with Lloyd’s market businesses in which members of Council may
have an interest.
180 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Five-Year Summary
(For the year ended 31 December 2020)
2020 2019 2018 2017 2016
£m £m £m £m £m
Corporation operating income 384 358 352 351 332
Central Fund income 127 125 149 125 120
Gross written premiums 5,978 2,466 176 253 238
Outward reinsurance premiums (5,978) (2,466) (176) (253) (238)
Total income 511 483 501 476 452
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred – – – – (8)
Gross insurance claims and insurance expenses incurred (5,824) (1,302) (189) (212) (200)
Insurance claims and expenses recoverable from reinsurers 5,824 1,302 189 212 200
Other Group operating expenses
Employment (including pension costs) (161) (173) (164) (138) (147)
Premises (41) (99) (55) (52) (50)
Legal and professional (114) (73) (51) (37) (34)
Systems and communications (44) (39) (43) (33) (36)
Other (50) (38) (49) (46) (40)
Total other Group operating expenses (410) (422) (362) (306) (307)
Operating surplus 101 61 139 170 137
Finance costs (59) (51) (39) (55) (54)
Finance income 2 151 93 62 314
Share of profits of associates and joint ventures 12 9 9 10 8
Surplus before tax 56 170 202 187 405
Tax charge (10) (33) (39) (31) (75)
Surplus for the year 46 137 163 156 330
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 181

Other Information
182 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Contents
Alternative Performance Measures 184
Glossary of Terms and Useful Links 185
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 183

Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)
The following metrics, which are consistently used to analyse financial performance in the Lloyd’s market results and/or in the Society
Report, are considered to be Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) as defined in the European Securities and Markets Authority
Guidelines (ESMA Guidelines) on Alternative Performance Measures.
Applicable part
of the Annual
Metric Report Definition Reason for use
Combined ratio Market Results Combined ratio is a measure of the profitability of an Combined ratio is used to measure the
insurer’s underwriting activity. It is the ratio of net profitability of the underwriting activity across
operating expenses plus claims incurred net of the Lloyd’s market. It also serves as a
reinsurance to earned premiums net of reinsurance. comparator of Lloyd’s market underwriting
profitability to its peers.
Expense ratio Market Results Expense ratio is a measure of the level of expenses Expense ratio is used to measure the level of
associated with underwriting activity. It is the ratio of expenses associated with underwriting activity
net operating expenses to earned premiums net of across the Lloyd’s market. It also serves as a
reinsurance. comparator of Lloyd’s market expenses to its
peers.
Underwriting Market Results Underwriting result is a measure of the profitability of Underwriting result is used to measure the
result an insurer’s underwriting activity. It is earned premiums profitability of the underwriting activity across
net of reinsurance less net operating expenses and the Lloyd’s market.
claims incurred net of reinsurance.
Accident year Market Results Accident year ratio is a measure of the profitability of Accident year ratio is used to measure the
ratio the underwriting activity attributable to the current profitability of the underwriting activity of the
financial year. It is the ratio of net operating expenses Lloyd’s market attributable to the current
plus claims incurred net of reinsurance and prior year financial year.
releases to earned premium net of reinsurance.
Return on Market Results Return on capital is a measure of overall profitability. It Return on capital ratio is used to measure the
capital is the ratio of result for the year before tax to the overall profitability and value creating potential
average of opening and closing total capital and of the Lloyd’s market.
reserves.
Investment Market Results Investment return is a measure of performance of an Investment return ratio is used to measure the
return and Society insurer’s investing activity. It is the ratio of total performance of the portfolio of investments
Report investment return to the average of opening and closing and cash balances held across the Lloyd’s
financial investments and cash at bank and in hand. market.
Budgeted Society Report Operating expenses are budgeted on an annual basis The annual budget is a key part of the financial
operating as part of a Corporation-wide exercise. These are control process within the Corporation and
expenses calculated on an IFRS basis using a bottom up provides an estimate of expected future cost
approach, consolidating figures across the different levels.
countries and departments within
the Corporation.
Free cash Society Report Free cash represents the amounts, both at bank and on Provides a measure of the cash resources
balances deposit, held in the UK and overseas, excluding any available to the Corporation to meet operating
balances held in respect of insurance and arbitration expenses.
activities.
Operating Society Report The operating surplus is calculated as income from The operating surplus provides an indication of
surplus members (including subscriptions, Central Fund how the Society’s income covers its cost base.
contributions and the overseas levy), less any operating This also provides a comparison of whether
expenses. It excludes investment returns and related Central Fund contributions cover the cost of
costs. claims arising on the fund.
Solvency Market Results Under the Solvency II regime Lloyd’s monitors the Solvency coverage ratios are used to ensure
coverage ratio and Society amount of eligible capital available to cover its market- that the society and its members hold
Report wide SCR (MWSCR) and central SCR (CSCR). This is sufficient capital to meet Lloyd’s regulatory
calculated as total eligible capital as a percentage of capital requirements, as well as to ensure
the respective solvency capital requirements. Lloyd’s solvency risk appetites are satisfied.
184 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic Report Market results Society Report Other Information
Glossary of Terms and Useful Links
Set out below is a guide to insurance and Lloyd’s-related terms. Coverholder A firm either in the UK or overseas that is authorised
These are not precise definitions but are included to provide by a managing agent under the terms of a binding authority to enter
assistance to readers as to the general meaning of terms commonly into contracts of insurance to be underwritten by members of a
used in the Lloyd’s market. Formal definitions are set out in the syndicate managed by the managing agent. A Lloyd’s broker may
Definitions Byelaw. act as a coverholder.
Accident year ratio A measure of the profitability of the underwriting Economic Capital Assessment The level of capital required to meet
activity attributable to the current financial year. The accident year Lloyd’s financial strength, licence and rating objectives.
ratio is calculated as net operating expenses and net incurred
Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) The FCA supervises the conduct
losses (paid and reserves) for claims occurring in the year as a
of the UK financial services industry. Lloyd’s, managing agents,
proportion of net premiums earned during the year. It excludes
members’ agents and Lloyd’s brokers are regulated by the FCA.
movements during the calendar year on claims, expenses and
premium estimates for previous years. Free cash balances Free cash represents the amounts, both at
bank and on deposit, held in the UK and overseas, excluding any
Active underwriter A person employed by a managing agent with
balances held in respect of insurance and arbitration activities.
principal authority to accept insurance and reinsurance risks on
behalf of the members of a syndicate. Funds at Lloyd’s (FAL) Capital lodged and held in trust at Lloyd’s as
security for the policyholders and to support a member’s overall
Binding authority An agreement between a Lloyd’s managing agent
underwriting business.
and a coverholder under which the Lloyd’s managing agent
delegates its authority to enter into a contract or contracts of Integrated Lloyd’s Vehicle (ILV) An arrangement in which a
insurance to be underwritten by the members of a syndicate. syndicate’s capital is wholly provided by corporate members that
are under the same ownership and control as the syndicate’s
Budgeted operating expenses Operating expenses are budgeted
managing agent.
on an annual basis as part of a Corporation-wide exercise. These
are calculated on an IFRS basis using a bottom up approach, Investment return Investment return is a measure of performance of
consolidating figures across the different countries and an insurer’s investing activity. It is the ratio of total investment return
departments within the Corporation. to the average financial investments and cash at bank and in hand.
Callable layer Central Fund assets may be supplemented by a Managing agent An underwriting agent responsible for managing a
‘callable layer’ of up to 3% of members’ overall premium limits in any syndicate, or multiple syndicates.
one calendar year. These funds would be drawn from premium trust
Market-wide SCR The Market-Wide Solvency Capital Ratio is
funds.
calculated to cover all of the risks arising on the syndicate activity,
Central assets The net assets of the Society including the Central members’ capital provided at Lloyd’s and the Society taken together
Fund, but excluding the subordinated debt liability and the callable at a 99.5% confidence level over a one year time horizon.
layer.
Member (of the Society) A person admitted to the membership of
Central Fund The fund financed by (among other things) the Society.
contributions from Lloyd’s members and administered by the
Members’ agent An underwriting agent appointed by a member to
Council primarily as a fund for the protection of policyholders, and
provide services and perform duties including advising the member
includes both the Old Central Fund and the New Central Fund.
on which syndicates he should participate.
Central SCR The Lloyd’s Central Solvency Capital Ratio is
Name A member of the Society who is an individual and who trades
calculated to cover all of the risks facing the Society and the
on an unlimited basis.
Central Fund at a 99.5% confidence level over a one year time
horizon. New Central Fund The New Central Fund constituted by and
governed by the New Central Fund Byelaw (No. 23 of 1996).
Combined ratio A measure of an insurer’s underwriting profitability
based on the ratio of net incurred claims plus net operating Non-technical account Under UK GAAP the profit and loss account
expenses to net earned premiums. A combined ratio of 100% is must be divided between the technical account and the non-
breakeven (before taking into account investment returns). A ratio technical account. Reported in the latter is all investment return,
less than 100% is an underwriting profit. although an element will be reanalysed to the technical account,
and any income and expenses that do not arise directly from the
Corporate member A company incorporated with limited liability, a
entity’s underwriting activity.
Scottish limited partnership or a limited liability partnership,
admitted to membership of the Society. Operating surplus The operating surplus is calculated as income
from members (including subscriptions, central fund contributions
Corporation The Corporation of Lloyd’s provides the licences and
and the overseas levy), less any operating expenses. It excludes
other facilities that enable business to be underwritten on a
investment returns and related costs.
worldwide basis by managing agents acting on behalf of members.
Council The Council, created by Lloyd’s Act 1982, the Council has
the management and superintendence of the affairs of the Society
and the power to regulate and direct the business of insurance at
Lloyd’s.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020 185

Glossary of Terms and Useful Links
continued
Premiums trust funds (PTF) The premiums and other monies that Spread syndicate A syndicate whose capital is provided by a
members receive in respect of their underwriting at Lloyd’s are held number of different members, including those that have separate
by their managing agents in trust for them subject to the discharge ownership and control, to the syndicate’s managing agent.
of their underwriting liabilities.
Spread vehicle A corporate member underwriting on a number of
The premiums trust funds comprise a sterling fund, Lloyd’s different syndicates.
American Trust Fund, Lloyd’s Dollar Trust Funds, Lloyd’s Canadian
Syndicate A member, or group of members, underwriting insurance
Trust Fund and the Lloyd’s Asia trust funds (which cover general
business at Lloyd’s through the agency of a managing agent.
business written through coverholders in Singapore). These
premiums trust funds are available to fund overseas regulatory Syndicate allocated capacity In relation to a syndicate the
deposits, claims, return premiums, underwriting expenses and aggregate of the member’s syndicated premium limits of all the
any profit that is payable to the member after providing for all future members for the time being of the syndicate.
liabilities.
Technical account Under UK GAAP the profit and loss account
Prior years’ reserve movements This is calculated as movements in must be divided between the technical account and the non-
reserves established for claims that occurred in previous accident technical account. The technical account reports the results of the
years. underwriting activity, premiums less claims, less expenses and also
includes an element of the investment return reanalysed from the
Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) The PRA is responsible for
non-technical account.
the prudential regulation and supervision of banks, building
societies, credit unions, insurers and major investment firms. Lloyd’s Traditional syndicate A syndicate whose members underwrite
and managing agents are regulated by the PRA. insurance business at Lloyd’s for the current year of account and
which is neither a SPA syndicate nor an RITC syndicate.
Realistic Disaster Scenarios (RDS) A series of scenarios, both
natural and man-made, which are used to assess the market’s risk Underwriting result Underwriting result is a measure of the
profile to a variety of different catastrophes to enable better risk profitability of an insurer’s underwriting activity. It is earned
management practices within Lloyd’s. premiums net of reinsurance less net operating expenses and
claims incurred net of reinsurance.
Reinsurance to close (RITC) A reinsurance agreement under which
members of a syndicate for a year of account to be closed are Year of account The year to which a risk is allocated and to which
reinsured by members who comprise that or another syndicate for a all premiums and claims in respect of that risk are attributed. The
later year of account against all liabilities arising out of insurance year of account of a risk is usually determined by the calendar year
business written by the reinsured syndicate. in which the risk incepts. A year of account is normally closed by
reinsurance to close at the end of 36 months.
Reinsurance to close (RITC) syndicate A syndicate set up solely to
underwrite the Reinsurance to Close of other syndicates. Useful Links
To find out more information on Lloyd’s, visit:
Return on capital Return on capital is a measure of overall
— What is Lloyd’s lloyds.com/whatislloyds
profitability. It is the ratio of results for the year before tax to the
average of opening and closing total capital and reserves. — Lloyd’s market structure lloyds.com/thelloydsmarket
Service company A wholly owned subsidiary of either a managing
— Lloyd’s Corporation lloyds.com/corporation
agent or of a managing agent’s holding company and which is — Lloyd’s capital structure lloyds.com/capitalstructure
authorised to enter into contracts of insurance for members of its and chain of security
associated syndicate and/or associated insurance companies. — Lloyd’s market governance lloyds.com/governance
Solvency ratio The measure of an insurer’s solvency based on the — Full glossary of terms lloyds.com/glossary
ratio by which the net assets for solvency purposes exceed the
solvency requirement.
Special Purpose Arrangement (SPA) A syndicate set up solely to
underwrite a quota share reinsurance of another syndicate’s
business for a year of account.
186 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2020

Sharing risk
to create a
braver world
www.lloyds.com/annualresults2020