# Source: https://assets.lloyds.com/assets/pdf-annual-report-2017-ar2017-annual-report-2017/1/pdf-annual-report-2017-AR2017-Annual-Report-2017.pdf
# Extracted: 2025-12-09T20:23:52.856671
# PDF: market_commentary_data\pdfs\lloyds_official\lloyds_annual_report_2017.pdf
# Length: 523797 characters
#======================================================================

Lloyd’s
Annual
Report
2017
Annual Report 2017
The challenge for Lloyd’s is, as ever,
to respond to change calmly, but with
determination – applying the knowledge and
expertise acquired over 330 years to the
environment we find ourselves in today, and
providing our customers with what they need
to help them navigate their way through it.

Overview
01 Who We Are
02 At a Glance
04 Chairman’s Statement
06 Chief Executive’s Statement
Strategic Report
10 Lloyd’s Purpose and Vision
12 External Environment and Risk
14 Lloyd’s Key Risks and Risk Appetite
16 Market Oversight
18 Customers and Distribution
20 Operations and Services
22 Capital
24 Talent
26 Brand
Market Results
30 2017 Highlights
42 Statement of Council’s Responsibilities and Report
of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to the Council on the
2017 Pro Forma Financial Statements
43 Pro Forma Profit and Loss Account
43 Pro Forma Statement of Comprehensive Income
44 Pro Forma Balance Sheet
45 Pro Forma Statement of Cash Flows
46 Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
71 Managing Agents and Syndicates
Society Report
76 Financial Highlights
77 Corporate Governance
92 Internal Control Statement
93 Report of the Remuneration Committee
104 Report of the Audit Committee
106 Report of the Lloyd’s Members’ Ombudsman
107 Financial Review
114 Statement of the Council’s Responsibilities
for the Financial Statements
115 Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members
of the Society of Lloyd’s
120 Group Income Statement
121 Group Statement of Comprehensive Income
122 Group Statement of Financial Position
123 Group Statement of Changes in Equity
124 Group Statement of Cash Flows
125 Notes to the Financial Statements
169 Five Year Summary
Other Information
172 The Lloyd’s Market
174 Alternative Performance Measures
175 Glossary of Terms and Useful Links

Overview
Who We Are
Lloyd’s is the world’s specialist insurance and reinsurance market.
The business written at Lloyd’s is brought to specialist syndicates,
who price and underwrite risk, via brokers and coverholders.
Under its globally recognised name, the Society of Lloyd’s acts both
as the market’s custodian and promoter and is backed by diverse
global resources and a capital structure designed to ensure financial
security. Lloyd’s works with an international distribution network
to increase the use of insurance — building the resilience of
local communities and supporting global economic growth.
Led by expert brokers and underwriters operating in more
than 200 territories, the Lloyd’s market develops and distributes
complex and critical insurance to help underwrite human progress.
With expertise developed over centuries, Lloyd’s is an influential
force in the insurance industry. Our vision is for Lloyd’s to remain the
market for specialist insurance and reinsurance, where the world
takes its risks, facing future challenges head-on while grasping the
opportunities of a fast-changing world.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 1

Overview
At a Glance
The Lloyd’s market experienced an exceptionally difficult
year in 2017, driven by challenging market conditions and
a significant impact from natural catastrophes.
Operating highlights
— 2017 has been an incredibly tough year for the Lloyd’s market
but our excellent capital strength demonstrates that Lloyd’s
remains in robust financial shape, going into 2018 in a strong
and secure position.
— The Lloyd’s market paid out £18.3bn of gross claims in 2017 and
has been more than able to meet these substantial commitments
without any significant impact on our total resources, which remain
strong at £27.6bn.
Loss before tax Gross written premium
(£2,001m) £33,591m
(2016: profit of £2,107m) (2016: £29,862m)
Combined ratio* Investment return*
114.0% £1,800m
(2016: 97.9%) (2016: £1,345m)
Pre-tax return on capital * Net resources
(7.3%) £27,560m
(2016: +8.1%) (2016: £28,597m)
Underwriting result by line of business* Combined ratio by line of business*
Reinsurance (£1,330m) Reinsurance 117.2%
Property (£1,757m) Property 127.6%
Casualty (£189m) Casualty 103.1%
Marine (£469m) Marine 122.4%
Energy £105m Energy 86.6%
Motor (£188m) Motor 122.3%
Aviation (£11m) Aviation 102.2%
Life (£24m) Life 133.8%
2 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Lloyd’s lines of business breakdown by region
UK
15
%
US and Canada
50 Rest of Europe
%
14
% Rest of the World
5
30% Reinsurance %
26% Property
25% Casualty
5% Marine
61% Reinsurance
2% Energy 30% Reinsurance Central Asia & 11% Property
10% Motor 19% Property Asia Pacific 11% Casualty
2% Aviation 25% Casualty 10 6% Marine
22% Reinsurance 16% Marine % 3% Energy
35% Property 4% Energy 4% Motor
28% Casualty 2% Motor 4% Aviation
6% Marine Other Americas 4% Aviation
5% Energy
2% Motor 6 % 44% Reinsurance
2% Aviation 17% Property
29% Casualty
5% Marine
2% Energy
70% Reinsurance 1% Motor
8% Property 2% Aviation
10% Casualty
7% Marine
2% Energy
1% Motor
2% Aviation
Lloyd’s capital providers by source and location (%)
18.8 US insurance industry
15.9 Bermudian insurance industry
13.7 Japan insurance industry
13.0 UK insurance industry
11.5 European insurance industry
10.2 Private capital – limited & unlimited
10.0 Rest of the World insurance industry
4.2 Worldwide non-insurance
2.7 Middle/Far East insurance industry
The combined ratio for the market and by line of business is the ratio of net incurred claims and net operating expenses to net earned premiums. The prior year movement
represents the ratio of the surplus/deficit arising on reserves set at December 2016 to overall net earned premiums in calendar year 2017. The overall combined ratio includes
central adjustments in the technical account in respect of transactions between syndicates and the Society as described in notes 2 and 8 to the PFFS (pages 46 and 63).
The combined ratios and results for individual lines of business do not include these adjustments as the market commentary for each line of business reflects trading conditions
at syndicate level as reported in syndicate annual accounts. The underwriting result and combined ratio tables include the results of all life and non-life syndicates transacting
business during 2017. The results and net assets for life syndicates are not material and have not been separately disclosed in the profit and loss account and balance sheet.
The results for life business have been reported in the segmental analysis, note 9 on page 64.
* The combined ratio, the return on capital, the investment return, the underwriting result and the accident year ratio are metrics that are consistently used to analyse financial
performance in the Lloyd’s Market Results and/or in the Society Report. These metrics (wherever used in this Annual Report) are Alternative Performance Measures (APMs),
with further information available on page 174.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 3

Overview
Chairman’s Statement
After a number of relatively benign catastrophe
years, the second half of 2017 demonstrated the
precarious nature of the world in which we live.
In addition to Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria, among other
events, there were also devastating wildfires in California, an
earthquake in Mexico, monsoon flooding in Bangladesh and
a mudslide in Colombia.
The impact on communities and businesses has been immense,
and the Lloyd’s market is working hard to ensure we are paying
claims to policyholders as quickly as possible. To date, the market
has paid more than 50% by value of the claims notified in relation
to Harvey, Irma and Maria, and is in the process of paying the rest.
The significant claims the market incurred this year have
contributed to turning last year’s £2.1bn profit into a £2bn loss in
2017. This is not a surprise. Last year it was clear that the benign
claims environment was masking the impact of tough trading
conditions and so it has proved.
Despite these losses, Lloyd’s capital position remains strong.
Our financial ratings remain at A (Excellent) from A.M. Best, A+
(Strong) from Standard & Poor’s and AA- (Very Strong) from Fitch.
I expect 2018 to be another challenging year for Lloyd’s and the
Corporation continues to refine its strategy to address evolving
market conditions.
Throughout this year we will focus on using a risk-based approach
to ensure our oversight is appropriate in giving the right level of
prudential protection and to help achieve sustainable growth;
on modernising operations and services; and on exploring new
ways in which we can use technology to improve access to Lloyd’s.
This will include an Innovation Lab, which will enable new concepts
and ideas to be tested in a fast-track, fast-fail environment with the
support and active involvement of the Lloyd’s market.
We continue to prioritise growing in our established markets.
The US is our main market and contributes more than 40% of our
premium, with 2017 seeing growth of 7% in excess and surplus lines
and 2% in reinsurance.
We continue to advocate for an agreement between the UK and
the EU which would allow us to continue to do business on the
Continent as we do now. However, to prepare for an outcome
which does not permit this, we are moving ahead with our plans
4 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

to establish a Lloyd’s subsidiary in Brussels, which will provide
Strong financial ratings access to Lloyd’s for brokers and clients after the UK leaves the
EU. Our subsidiary will be open for business from 1 January 2019.
A+
The market’s 2017 results are proof, if any were needed, that
(Strong)
business as usual is not sustainable. As a result the market is
embracing new ways of working, and I am confident the combination
Standard & Poor’s
of our strategic focus and the market’s proven ability to respond
to challenging conditions will ensure Lloyd’s continues to offer
innovative and competitive solutions across all lines of business.
AA- I want to thank the retiring Council and Board members who
have served Lloyd’s so well over many years. Fred Hu has stepped
(Very Strong) down from the Council, while Joy Griffiths has completed her
term on the Board. I would like to extend a warm welcome to
Fitch Ratings
Mike Bracken, Nigel Hinshelwood, Patricia Jackson and Fiona Luck
who have joined the Board. Patricia succeeds Joy as the chair
of our Risk Committee.
A
Finally, I’d like to thank the Lloyd’s market for the support I have
received in my first year as Chairman. It is a privilege to be asked
(Excellent) to serve the Lloyd’s market in this role and I look forward to
working with everyone in the market to deliver on our ambitions
A.M. Best
for its future success.
Bruce Carnegie-Brown
Total net resources Chairman
£27.6
bn
The market’s response to disasters
continues to be exemplary and
demonstrates the important social
value of insurance.
An important role
The focus on paying claims in communities to recover quickly
the second half of the year has post disaster and to reduce
provided us with an opportunity risks in the future. The market’s
to advocate for the purpose of response to these crises
what we do, and to evidence continues to be exemplary and
Lloyd’s important role in helping demonstrates the important
nations, businesses and social value of insurance.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 5

Overview
Chief Executive’s Statement
The Lloyd’s market experienced an
exceptionally difficult year in 2017 driven
by challenging market conditions and a
significant impact from natural catastrophes.
These factors mean that for the first time in six years Lloyd’s
is reporting a loss – the aggregated 2017 market result is a loss
of £2bn.
The result reflects the market facing one of the costliest years for
natural catastrophes in the past decade. The frequency and scale
of the disasters that struck around the world saw major claims
costing the Lloyd’s market £4.5bn, more than double the previous
year (2016: £2.1bn). It is in these moments that Lloyd’s proves its
value and its strength by paying claims. Overall, the Lloyd’s market
paid out £18.3bn in all claims (gross of reinsurance) during 2017.
The Lloyd’s market has been more than able to meet these
substantial commitments without any significant impact on
our total resources which remain strong at £27.6bn.
The significant loss activity in the second half of 2017 generated a
full year underwriting loss of £3.4bn (2016: £0.5bn profit), resulting
in a combined ratio of 114.0% (2016: 97.9%).
While pricing remains under considerable pressure, gross written
premiums have seen 6% growth, excluding the effect of foreign
exchange movements, to £33.6bn (2016: £29.9bn). This is in line
with Lloyd’s continued focus on measured and sustainable growth,
and is driven in part by the development of new products such as
cyber and growth in the US. Net investment return increased to
£1.8bn (2016: £1.3bn).
Although it has been a particularly difficult year, Lloyd’s has lived
up to its centuries old promise and purpose – to be there when it
matters most, providing the financial support to enable businesses,
governments, and most importantly people to recover and rebuild
their lives as quickly as possible.
The Lloyd’s market has earned the trust of its policyholders over
the past 330 years, through world wars and revolutions through
to some of the world’s most destructive disasters and greatest
innovations. Renowned for its ability to absorb risks from all around
the world, provide pioneering solutions to some of the biggest,
newest risks out there, and pay all valid claims, Lloyd’s continues
to enable human progress.
But we cannot take that trust for granted. Every day we have
the opportunity to either earn trust, or lose it – depending on
the decisions that are made at every level in the Lloyd’s market.
6 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Gross written
premiums
£33.6
bn
The Corporation must address two key challenges. The first is to
speed up the adoption of the market’s modernisation programme,
which will digitise processes, reduce unsustainable expense ratios,
and make Lloyd’s more attractive to do business with.
Net investment income While the London market has made great strides, investing time
and money in the London Market Target Operating Model
£1.8
programme and delivering systems that work, adoption is not
bn happening fast enough, particularly in the case of electronic
placement. Without higher levels of adoption throughout the
market we put our investment to date at risk and we are in danger
of seeing administration costs rise even higher. It is for this reason
that Lloyd’s will be mandating the use of electronic placement on
Through a difficult year, our excellent a phased basis over time. Unless the market moves together it will
not reap the benefits and reduce administration costs. Electronic
capital strength demonstrates that
placement will support face to face negotiation, further increase
Lloyd’s remains in robust financial efficiency in the market, reduce back office costs and most
importantly, improve customer service.
shape. With a leadership team actively
addressing the challenges the Lloyd’s The Lloyd’s Market Association has been a valuable partner as
market is faced with, we go into we lead and drive through such major transformation. We are
also grateful to the brokers and the International Underwriting
2018 in a strong and secure position.
Association (IUA) representing the non-Lloyd’s carriers, in terms
of the significant support and leadership shown in the London
market modernisation efforts.
Gender Pay Gap Lloyd’s continues to be an active member of the London Market
Group (LMG) and is proud that a Lloyd’s syndicate was the first
We are taking our gender However, we review this on
to make use of the Insurance Linked Securities (ILS) regulations,
pay gap (27.7%) extremely an annual basis as part of our
a key initiative of the LMG.
seriously. While our gap compensation review process.
is nothing to be proud of,
The Corporation already has in The second challenge is to increase the talent diversity of the
reporting on the gender pay gap
place initiatives and policies to Lloyd’s market and the Corporation, including senior leadership.
is an important step forward in
redress the gender imbalance, We need to attract the best talent from around the world if we are
tackling this long-standing and
but it is clear that we need to to continue to innovate and provide customers with the products
systemic issue.
expedite progress. For 2018, we they need in today’s fast-changing risk landscape. That is why we
The gender pay gap is different have committed to an additional are working hard on closing the Corporation’s gender pay gap.
to equal pay, which is men and four key actions, which can
women being paid the same be found here; lloyds.com/ For the Corporation, 2017 also involved reorganising ourselves
for the same work or work of genderpaygap in an endeavour to ensure that we are fit-for-purpose, with cost-efficient,
equal value. We do not believe to close the gender pay gap. streamlined services. As part of our reorganisation, it did mean
we have an equal pay issue. that we had to say goodbye to a number of employees, all of
whom have contributed to Lloyd’s success over the years and
decades. I want to thank them for their service and wish each
of our leavers every success.
Although 2017 has been an incredibly tough year for the Lloyd’s
market, our excellent capital strength demonstrates that Lloyd’s
remains in robust financial shape. With a leadership team actively
addressing the challenges the Lloyd’s market is faced with, I’m
confident that we go into 2018 in a strong and secure position.
Inga Beale
Chief Executive Officer
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 7

Strategic Report
2
Financial Highlights
10 Lloyd’s Purpose and Vision
12 External Environment and Risk
14 Lloyd’s Key Risks and Risk Appetite
16 Market Oversight
18 Customers and Distribution
20 Operations and Services
22 Capital
24 Talent
26 Brand
8 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Strategic Report
The purpose of insurance is to provide
individuals and organisations with the
confidence to undertake endeavours they
might otherwise avoid. Our vision for Lloyd’s is
to be the market for specialist insurance and
reinsurance, where the world takes its risk.
Over the coming year we will focus on
using risk-based market oversight to help
achieve sustainable growth, on modernising
operations and services, and on exploring
new ways in which we can use technology
to improve access to Lloyd’s.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 9

Strategic Report
Lloyd’s Purpose and Vision
Purpose and vision Lloyd’s business model
Throughout history, human progress has gone hand in hand With our trading rights and distribution network of international
with risk taking. From the smallest idea to the largest expedition, hubs, brokers, coverholders and service companies, the market
risk is an ever-present factor. Properly quantified and managed, is able to underwrite risks from around the world through Lloyd’s
risk should not be a barrier to success. syndicates. Members (the capital providers) put up their capital
and share in the risks and rewards of the syndicates they support.
The role of insurance is to transfer risk, providing individuals and All insurance policies are underpinned by Lloyd’s central assets
organisations with the confidence to undertake endeavours that including the Central Fund, which is designed to ensure that the
might otherwise be avoided. The Lloyd’s market achieves this by market remains well capitalised even under extreme events and
offering innovative, bespoke insurance products for our customers helps Lloyd’s to maintain its reputation for paying all valid claims.
that allow them to grow their business in the knowledge that they
are protected from the uncertainties of the world. In this way, A Lloyd’s syndicate is formed by one or more members joining
Lloyd’s enables human progress. together to provide capital and accept insurance risks. Most
syndicates write a range of business lines across multiple areas
We have a vision for Lloyd’s to be the market for specialist of expertise. Each syndicate sets its own appetite for risk, develops
insurance and reinsurance, where the world takes its risk. a business plan, arranges its reinsurance protection and manages
its exposures and claims.
The Lloyd’s market enables its policyholders, whether individuals,
companies or governments, to take risks with the confidence that A managing agent is a company set up to run one or more
their insurance policies have sound financial backing, and that their syndicates on behalf of the members. They have responsibility
claims will be dealt with fairly and quickly. for employing underwriters, overseeing their underwriting and
managing the infrastructure and day to day operations.
Lloyd’s market is supported by the Corporation whose purpose is
to create and maintain a competitive, innovative and secure market. Lloyd’s is a broker market in which strong business relationships,
Its dedicated people serve to protect and promote the interests of backed by deep expertise, play a crucial part. Brokers facilitate
the market and its policyholders, provide valued services to market the risk transfer process between policyholders and underwriters.
participants and advance the interests of capital providers over the Much of this business involves face to face negotiation.
long term.
Syndicates can also authorise third parties, known as coverholders
to underwrite business on their behalf locally around the world.
Service companies are wholly owned by a managing agent or a
related group company and are authorised to enter into contracts
of insurance for members of the associated syndicate.
Lloyd’s business model
Business flow The market Capital flow
Policyholders – Distribution channels 56 Managing Agents – managing syndicates Members
transferring risk — 287 Brokers: (the capital providers)
— Global commercial distributing business 83 Syndicates – writing insurance and — Trade capital:
organisations, such — 381 Service reinsurance directly insurance companies
as FTSE 250 and Company locations from around the
Fortune 500 12 Special Purpose Arrangements set up solely to world
companies — 3,797 Coverholder write a quota share of another syndicate
locations: offering — Institutional capital:
— Small and medium- local access to such as pension
sized enterprises Lloyd’s funds and private
— Individuals equity
— Other insurance — Private capital (via
groups Gross written premiums: Capital and reserves: members’ agents):
2017 £34bn 2017 £28bn such as small
companies and
2016 £30bn 2016 £29bn
individuals
2015 £27bn 2015 £25bn
The Corporation – supporting the market
For further information on the Lloyd’s market visit: lloyds.com/thelloydsmarket
Note: All figures are as at 31 December 2017. Capital and reserves of £27.6bn was split among Members’ assets held severally of £24.6bn, mutual assets of £2.2bn and subordinated
debt and securities of £0.8bn.
10 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Value generation The challenges facing the Lloyd’s market
Lloyd’s strategy is to maintain and enhance the benefits of placing Each year the Corporation assesses how to refine Lloyd’s strategy
business and operating at Lloyd’s, thereby ensuring Lloyd’s given the external environment and current market conditions –
policyholders are provided with valued products and services. what can be done centrally for the benefit of the market as a whole.
As such these benefits are also our strategic priorities. They are There are a number of challenges to which we must respond in the
summarised below. short term to ensure the long term profitability of the Lloyd’s market:
— Lloyd’s market share has remained steady in recent years,
Customers and Distribution – Lloyd’s takes its duty to its but emerging market premium growth has been slower than
policyholders very seriously. We connect to them in more than 200 anticipated due to challenging market conditions;
territories through our distribution network and international hubs,
— Market oversight is often viewed as overly burdensome and
supported by a global network of representatives with extensive
not sufficiently supportive of profitable business opportunities;
local knowledge.
— The Lloyd’s market’s expense ratio is higher than that of its
Operations and Services – Centrally provided services means competitors; and
the Lloyd’s market benefits from economies of scale, while a — Modernisation and use of technology and data are coming late.
single infrastructure supports its efficient operation. For example,
the Corporation provides central cash settlement to market Our response
participants and advises of regulatory changes that may have
an impact on underwriting decisions. In the following sections we have outlined our plans for meeting
these challenges, together with our annual key performance
Capital – Lloyd’s capital framework, under which insurance indicators (KPIs) and medium term targets, to further enhance
commitments are underpinned by a Central Fund, is efficient and the value we generate. In brief, our focus for 2018 will be on:
flexible. It enables a single market financial strength rating for all
policies issued from Lloyd’s – from Standard & Poor’s, Fitch Ratings — Making market oversight more risk based;
and A.M. Best. — Finishing delivery of phase 1 of the London Market Target
Operating Model and encouraging adoption of services by
Brand – Lloyd’s has a globally recognisable brand and is proud of its the market that yield business process efficiencies;
reputation for paying all valid claims in a timely and efficient manner.
— Making our new EU subsidiary in Brussels operational by
the end of 2018; and
Talent – The Lloyd’s market is a recognised centre of specialist
— Launching pilot initiatives to make it cheaper and easier for
underwriting, claims and analytics expertise. This expertise
customers to reach Lloyd’s, and developing ways to encourage
supports a wide range of insurance and reinsurance products,
innovation across the Lloyd’s market.
often developed to meet complex and challenging customer needs.
Market Oversight – The Corporation monitors individual managing
agents and syndicates, and aggregate market exposures, to
improve performance at Lloyd’s and to help ensure all valid claims
will be paid. We do this through a proportionate and robust market
oversight regime consistent with an entrepreneurial and innovative
culture.
Benefits to society
Lloyd’s is part of the broader London insurance market, which
employs more than 50,000 people and represents over a quarter
of the City of London’s gross domestic product.
Lloyd’s also plays its part globally in supporting the communities
in which it operates and in taking a lead on wider social and
environmental issues. For example, Lloyd’s continues to be an
active member of the ClimateWise initiative, a collaborative
endeavour by insurers to drive action on climate change.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 11

Strategic Report
External Environment and Risk
Our strategy responds to the challenges posed by macroeconomic
and industry conditions. Our response is outlined in the following
sections, looking at each of our strategic priorities in turn.
The world economy in 2017
Demand for insurance tends to follow global gross domestic
product growth trends, and the global economy continued to
strengthen in 2017 with emerging markets leading the way.
Developed economies also showed signs of improvement,
with growth estimates for both the US and the Euro area rising to
2.3%, while the growth estimate for the UK is 1.7%. This trend has
positive implications for insurance demand.
World inflationary pressure remained relatively stable as oil price
rises in 2016 were not repeated through most of 2017. The UK
bucked this trend as the pound depreciated following the 2016
Brexit vote, resulting in higher consumer prices. World interest rates
remained low, perpetuating the low investment returns we have
We cannot ignore the
come to expect and the drive to decrease operating costs.
challenges the market
is facing – we must An uncertain world
embrace change. We are in an era of heightened geopolitical risk and uncertainty,
with growing trends towards re-examining the benefits of
globalisation. This has resulted in democratic shocks, military
Hilary Weaver
tensions and social unrest. These trends may increase the
Chief Risk Officer
likelihood of conflicts and civil disorder and there are signs of
increasing awareness and demand for political risk coverage.
Following the financial crisis, many voters in Europe and the
US blamed free trade and the global economy for falling living
standards, leading to more protectionist policies. Some aspects
of US tax reform may be viewed as an example of this, with the US
government introducing policies to protect home industries from
foreign competition.
Protectionism will ultimately slow global growth, impacting all
countries, although developing economies will be the most
vulnerable. Lloyd’s is not immune from this and the recent US
tax reform could make reinsuring US risks more expensive for
some carriers.
The UK’s Brexit vote left many businesses with a decision to make
about how they will do business outside the single market after
March 2019. At Lloyd’s we took the decision to act early and
transparently to ensure that our market had certainty, announcing
our intention to establish our Lloyd’s Brussels subsidiary. Since then
we have been actively negotiating the practicalities that this entails
for a market of independent businesses.
12 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Environment
Industrialisation combined with a growing population has resulted 2017 saw the introduction in the UK of a new regulatory and tax
in rising levels of CO₂ and other greenhouse gas emissions that framework for insurance linked securities (ILS). This includes the
cause global warming. Global risks are changing and the potential ability to establish protected cell company structures, enabling a
consequences are severe. Increased frequency and severity of streamlined approach for the arrangement of multiple ILS deals,
major weather events mean that climate change has increased allowing the UK insurance industry to compete more effectively
the risks and costs of insurance. with other jurisdictions that offer this capability. ILS is already an
established form of risk transfer. We welcome the Government’s
Climate change leads to increases in precipitation variability, giving efforts to make the UK more competitive in issuing ILS and look
rise to more extreme cycles of flooding and drought in semi-arid forward to helping it develop at Lloyd’s.
and arid regions. Many of the world’s large cities are located on
coasts, and sea level rises threaten a significant proportion of the Outlook for 2018
world’s population. Water scarcity and related food insecurity are
The new UK ILS regulation will, if anything, increase the already
already a major global geopolitical risk aggravated by climate
abundant supply of insurance capital. This is likely to mean that
change, and could lead to further instability.
prices remain low for many risks, so we need to remain vigilant
to ensure that the prices charged for them are proportionate to
In the second half of 2017 hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria,
the risk.
along with other catastrophes, caused tragic destruction and loss
of life. Lloyd’s is proud to have already paid insured losses in the
We expect this price pressure to result in a continued effort to cut
region of $3.5bn and expects to pay more to help alleviate some of
costs. The current environment creates an impetus to evolve and do
this devastation. As a result, 2017 was above the Lloyd’s long term
things differently that is not always there during profitable periods.
average for claims from major losses. While this has affected
profitability, the market is well prepared for such losses and there
We have already begun implementing changes to help the market
is no indication that they have affected our solvency. As at year
grow more efficiently through the London Market Target Operating
end the market was capitalised at 144% of its solvency capital
Model, which should see a reduction in the cost of writing business
requirement, which was well within risk appetite.
at Lloyd’s. That said there are challenges – and the risk for us in
2018 is in adoption of the new technology by the market.
Technology
Consumer behaviours and the ways in which businesses operate Intangible assets have never been more highly valued. Reputation
are changing rapidly. In other industries businesses are delivering and brand can result in huge profit margins, but in an age of instant
their products and services through online platforms. We need to communication they can very quickly be damaged. We expect to
keep pace with these changes. While the most complex risks will see more products seeking to protect these risks. At Lloyd’s our
continue to benefit from face-to-face negotiation, simpler risks range of cyber insurance products is one example of cover for such
can already be written digitally. risks as reputational harm arising from a cyber incident.
Regulation The way firms conduct their business, and ultimately how they
protect their policyholders, will come under increased scrutiny as
The regulatory landscape continues to evolve rapidly as a result of
customer and social expectations evolve. Lloyd’s sets standards
national, regional and global debates. The UK regulatory authorities
for conduct and monitors the market to ensure policyholders are
propose the application of the Senior Managers and Certification
treated fairly at all times. This will need to be a continued focus.
Regime to insurance firms by the end of this year. EU legislation,
in the forms of the General Data Protection Regulation and the
The prevailing conditions give rise to a number of risks and
Insurance Distribution Directive, are also both due to enter into
challenges that shape our plans, described later in this report,
force in 2018, and will necessitate significant operational changes.
to deliver our strategy. The most critical risks are highlighted for
The EU’s 2018 review of the Solvency II regime, in which the
focus through Lloyd’s risk framework. A summary of these risks
industry has been very active during the last two years, will likely
is provided with an overview of the mitigating actions currently
result in European Commission proposals to reform aspects of
in place.
the regime, including reforms to component parts of the standard
formula for the calculation of the Solvency Capital Requirement.
At global level, the International Association of Insurance
Supervisors continues to take forward its work on a Common
Framework for Internationally Active Groups, on a global insurance
capital standard and on how insurance risks to the global financial
system should be identified and countered. Meantime, individual
countries continue to effect changes to their own prudential and
conduct regimes. Lloyd’s follows all relevant debates that can
materially impact the Lloyd’s market and contributes its views.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 13

Strategic Report
Lloyd’s Key Risks and Risk Appetite
Lloyd’s key risks
Each year the Corporation identifies the key risks which could have a significant impact on Lloyd’s business, and the mitigating actions
required to reduce or eliminate the risk.
Key risk and impact on Lloyd’s Mitigation
Market conditions — Syndicate business plan and capital approval processes enable consistent and
Lloyd’s businesses suffer losses or erode robust challenge to premium growth and ensure loss ratios are realistic given the
their capital base due to inappropriate market underwriting conditions and managing agents’ capabilities.
underwriting in challenging market — Close monitoring of syndicates’ performance against approved business plans
conditions or failure in management controls. to ensure they do not materially deviate from approved plans or, where they do,
that the changes are acceptable.
— Market oversight framework detailing annual review activity includes reserve
adequacy and performance reviews of selected lines of business.
— Continue to closely monitor and respond to the market risk appetite measures.
Catastrophe risk — Continue to closely monitor and respond to the market risk appetite measures.
Lloyd’s businesses suffer losses or erode — Managing agents constantly monitor exposures around the world in accordance
their capital base through material with Lloyd’s minimum standards.
aggregations of risks or insufficient
— Monitoring and identification of emerging risks.
monitoring processes.
— Market oversight framework detailing annual review activity includes exposure
management processes and reinsurance arrangements.
Brexit — Continue to lobby government and actively participate with other insurance and
A loss of passporting rights to the European City organisations.
Single Market could lead to a reduction in — Operationalise the Brussels subsidiary to ensure customers based in the European
business written or business written at Union are able to access the Lloyd’s market as seamlessly as possible.
Lloyd’s from the single market will be
— Regular communications issued to the market and wider industry.
more expensive.
Supervision of the Lloyd’s market — Market oversight framework with risk based categorisation of agents and
Lloyd’s businesses fail to comply with account management structure.
relevant laws and regulations, suffer losses — Minimum standards set and monitored across the market for prudential and
or erode their capital base due to a failure in conduct risks.
the Corporation’s oversight of the market.
Major change programmes — Strong central governance to manage delivery risks associated with change
Failure to deliver the desired process, programmes in the Corporation and for the market.
technology and organisational change — Detailed project risk assessments.
or maintain operational resilience at a
— Contingency plans for the failure of key processes or outsource providers
Corporation and market level could mean
to ensure a recovery of services or workaround processes at the Corporation
that placing business in the Lloyd’s market
and in the market.
is inefficient, costly and no longer attractive.
Cyber risk — Cyber Essentials accreditation obtained by the Corporation and managing agents.
Lloyd’s suffers a systemic loss as a result — Ongoing participation with industry bodies to maintain awareness of changing
of a malicious electronic attack or through cyber risks and thought leadership reports on cyber scenarios.
exposure to both known and silent
— Monitoring of risks against Lloyd’s cyber risk appetite.
aggregations of risk via the policies written
by its businesses. — Market oversight framework detailing annual review activity to include exposure/
aggregation and reserve/capital adequacy.
14 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Key risk and impact on Lloyd’s Mitigation
Significant regulatory and tax changes — Continue to lobby to influence the evolution of UK, European and global regulatory
and compliance and tax frameworks to maintain the competitive position of the market.
Lloyd’s sees its competitive position — Ongoing assurance programme for the conduct risk minimum standard.
weaken, suffers regulatory penalties
— Monitoring Solvency II compliance at Lloyd’s, with programme for delivering
or disadvantageous capital position in
major model change.
achieving new territories or maintaining
existing territories. — Monitoring and preparing for global data regulatory requirements.
Threats to the business model — Lloyd’s strategy responds to business model threats.
Lloyd’s sees its long term profitability suffer — Market modernisation programme.
by failing to respond to emerging issues
— Investment in innovation.
such as the cost of distribution and the
application of rapidly evolving technology
to insurance.
Risk appetite
At Lloyd’s, the Board manages exposure to risk by setting and monitoring a risk appetite framework. In 2017, the Board enhanced this
framework to simplify and focus on the key risks to the strategy. The framework starts with the Corporation’s overall purpose: to create
and maintain a competitive, innovative and secure market.
In order to deliver on this purpose, there are considered to be three risk objectives which need to be continuously met:
— Sustainability – Lloyd’s strategy must deliver a sustainable business model over the medium term;
— Solvency – Management of financial risks ensures that Lloyd’s is able to withstand an extreme event and trade forward; and
— Operational – The risk of operational and other events is managed to ensure Lloyd’s maintains its strong reputation.
These risk objectives reflect the Board’s view of the acceptable risk faced by Lloyd’s and provide the three pillars of the risk appetite
framework. Within each pillar, a small number of metrics define the amount of risk that Lloyd’s is willing to take. These metrics represent
the key elements that could result in the risk objectives not being achieved for that pillar. The metrics are monitored on an ongoing basis
and reported to the Board each quarter alongside any ‘get to green’ actions if a threshold has been breached.
Corporation Under our trusted name, the Corporation acts to create and maintain a competitive, innovative and secure market.
purpose: Our dedicated people serve to protect and promote the interests of the market and its policyholders, provide valued
services to market participants and advance the interests of capital providers over the long term.
Pillar: Sustainability Pillar: Solvency Pillar: Operational
Strategic, Group, Insurance, Credit Market, Liquidity Reputation, Legal, Regulatory,
Conduct
Risk appetite Risk objective: Lloyd’s strategy Risk objective: Management Risk objective: Risk of operational
statements: must deliver a sustainable business of financial risks ensures that and other events is managed
model over the medium term Lloyd’s is not exposed to undue to ensure Lloyd’s maintains its
concentration and is able to strong reputation
Statement: The rolling average five
withstand an extreme event
year combined ratio should be less Statement: Activities from the
and trade forward
than the five year target market and at the Corporation
Statement: Losses under a should be managed to avoid
1-in-200 event should not erode the significant reputational damage
Central Fund to below the Solvency
Capital Requirement
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 15

Strategic Report
Market Oversight
Rationale and approach
The nature of Lloyd’s, as a market of independent businesses
backed by the Central Fund, requires the Corporation to play an
active oversight role. This role covers performance management,
capital setting and risk management. It is important that market
oversight is valued by all stakeholders and is supportive of
sustainable profitable growth and innovation, while managing the
risk of impact on the Central Fund and protecting policyholders’
interests. The Corporation must act in the best interests of
Lloyd’s as a whole, which requires us to be robust and thorough
in challenging managing agents’ business plans and operations to
ensure they meet our expectations. The Corporation achieves this
by not only monitoring individual syndicate and aggregate market
performance and exposure, but also through approval and oversight
of coverholders.
The principles underpinning the Corporation’s oversight role are that:
We are enabling
— It should be risk based, with focus on poor performers and
syndicates to achieve the those that represent material risk to the Society;
best returns they can for — It is built on minimum standards to which managing
agents adhere;
their capital providers.
— It must be clear and transparent so that all stakeholders
understand what we do, why we do it and the reasons behind
Jon Hancock
the decisions taken; and
Performance Management Director
— It must be proportionate, neither too light touch nor unduly
burdensome.
The Corporation recognises that supervision activity takes place by
other parties: the firms themselves, their parent companies (in many
cases), and by the Prudential Regulation Authority and the Financial
Conduct Authority as well as by regulators in overseas jurisdictions.
It remains a key objective for us to be as efficient as possible in our
oversight and to minimise duplication with work undertaken by
these parties.
2017 developments
Market conditions remained challenging in 2017. In what was one
of the heaviest natural catastrophe loss years in recent times, the
Lloyd’s market incurred relatively high major claims, as would be
expected given the portfolio written.
Higher attritional loss ratio and continued high acquisition costs
reinforce our relentless focus on all component parts of the
combined ratio and our drive to improve underlying performance.
Following the industry ‘market turning event’ dry run exercise in
2016, we issued guiding principles to the market in early 2017,
setting out a framework on both crisis management and the
business opportunities that would likely follow. Many syndicates
took the opportunity to resubmit their 2018 business plans after
the Q3 catastrophes, in the expectation that market conditions
would improve.
We introduced a new account management approach for both
oversight and development activity, that we anticipate will lead to
more structured, cohesive and commercially intelligent outcomes
for our managing agents.
16 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Performance against 2017 KPIs 2018 KPIs
— No new Central Fund dependent members other than
2017 KPI Outcome
as a result of a significant event.
No new Central Fund dependent Achieved — No managing agent issues resulted in a financial or
members other than as a result reputational loss to Lloyd’s that should have been prevented
of a significant event. or mitigated through the market oversight framework.
Lloyd’s 2017 combined ratio was Not achieved End 2020 target
better than that of its competitor group. due to claims
— Lloyd’s oversight is effective in managing risk in the market.
from natural
disasters in Q3
Strategic objective
Direction for 2018 — Enable market participants to thrive and achieve superior
operating returns through a risk based performance framework.
We will continue with our plans to reinforce our risk based
approach to market oversight, ensuring that we spend our time
in the right places.
We will seek to remove duplication of effort experienced by
our managing agents where this is feasible, without compromising
Lloyd’s security. We will also seek to make the syndicate capital and
planning process more efficient and more focused on poor
performers and high risk businesses.
We will continue to focus on any areas of underperformance,
ensuring the underlying business performance is robust.
2018 plans
— Undertake ongoing oversight responsibilities including:
— Carry out the 2019 Syndicate Business Planning and Capital
Setting process, ensuring robust review and challenge;
— Undertake the targeted portfolio reviews of underperforming
classes and segments;
— Deliver a range of thematic reviews to identify cross-market
risks and opportunities; and
— Monitor performance of managing agents and syndicates
against plans and Lloyd’s minimum standards.
— Embed the new oversight manager function into the
Corporation’s interactions with managing agents.
— Clarify with all stakeholders, including regulators and group
companies, how we can improve effectiveness and reduce
duplication of effort.
— Further enhance the syndicate capital and planning process
to make it more efficient and transparent.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 17

Strategic Report
Customers and Distribution
Rationale and approach
The global market access priority has been renamed “Customers
and Distribution” to reflect a change in focus from new licence
development towards enhancing access to policyholders through
a range of means. Trading rights are often an important first step
in finding new customers, but we will also look to maximise those
markets where we already have a customer base. Meanwhile,
defending our access in key markets remains important and our
plans for Brexit will continue to be a major focus in 2018. New
markets may be considered where market demand exists and
the timing is appropriate.
Achieving true global access to markets requires a strengthening of
our distribution channels and ensuring that these are cost-effective
in accessing Lloyd’s customers. This involves building excellent
relations with our distribution partners and ensuring that Lloyd’s is
the place where they want to do business. As part of this, we will
explore new ways in which we can use technology to improve
We will make it cheaper
access to Lloyd’s.
and easier to write business
at Lloyd’s, enabling Lloyd’s will build on its reputation for meeting customers’ various,
and sometimes unique, needs through continuous efforts to provide
profitable growth.
new innovative products. However, innovation does not stop there,
and Lloyd’s will seek opportunities to capitalise on advances in
Vincent Vandendael technology that will improve efficiencies in the market and add
value for its customers.
Chief Commercial Officer
2017 developments
Following approval in January for onshore reinsurance underwriting
capability in India, we completed our registration of Lloyd’s India
office in time for the April renewal season.
In March, Board and Council approved the business case for
a Lloyd’s European subsidiary in our preferred jurisdiction. We
submitted a regulatory application for Lloyd’s Brussels with the
National Bank of Belgium in October.
Approval was given for Lloyd’s to trade from the Casablanca
Finance City in Morocco, via coverholders and service companies.
Coverholder strategy work began with the focus in 2017 on the US.
Also a Consortia guide was developed and shared on lloyds.com.
18 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Performance against 2017 KPIs 2018 KPIs
— Lloyd’s Brussels is ready to write business from 1 January 2019.
2017 KPI Outcome
— Three ideas developed through the Innovation Lab, one of
Gained at least one new licence/trading Achieved which is suitable to be taken forward for implementation for
right. the benefit of the Lloyd’s market.
Alternative market access strategy for Achieved End 2020 targets
the EU developed and implementation
— Lloyd’s share of the combined global reinsurance
underway.
and commercial insurance markets is at least 4.5%.
Delivered key insights on the broker Achieved — Lloyd’s has explored differing distribution channel options
distribution channel. that lead to a reduction in the market’s overall expense ratio.
— Lloyd’s reputation for innovation is demonstrably enhanced and
Delivered innovation process which Achieved ranks at least as high as that of ‘best in class’ (re)insurance
covers the product life cycle. companies in the 2020 Lloyd’s brand reputation index.
Direction for 2018 Strategic objective
Completing our readiness for Brexit will be our priority in 2018. — Maximise business opportunities by developing our licences
and distribution channels and by delivering innovative solutions
In addition, as part of our focus on distribution, we shall begin to that meet the needs of customers.
explore new ways in which we can use technology to improve
access to Lloyd’s.
2018 plans
— Obtain Lloyd’s Brussels licence and establish passporting
licences for all EEA member states and branch licences.
— Lloyd’s Brussels to be made operational by July 2018 and
supported by a marketing campaign.
— Establish the Lloyd’s Innovation Lab.
— Develop the business cases and launch pilots that will offer
improved access to the Lloyd’s market.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 19

Strategic Report
Operations and Services
Rationale and approach
While technological change and automation is disrupting the
insurance industry generally, Lloyd’s also faces distinct challenges
as its expense ratio remains materially higher than that of its
competitors. We must adapt in order to remain relevant. Placing
and processing business must be made easier and more efficient
in order to make Lloyd’s more attractive; both in London and in
local markets.
I am proud to say that the London Market Target Operating Model
(LM TOM) programme was designed and delivered by our market
for our market. This involved working collaboratively with managing
agents, brokers, company market carriers and the Corporation to
build an industry leading infrastructure and service proposition
covering London, Lloyd’s international operations and delegated
authority business.
Economies of scale by providing services centrally for the benefit
The London Market
of the Lloyd’s market is a common theme, not just for the LM TOM
Target Operating Model is programme but also for the services that the Corporation offers
delivering what the market to the Lloyd’s market. Enhancing and building on these services
is important for delivering a successful market within which
said it needed. Now we need
participants can not only compete for business, but also compete
further adoption. collectively as the world’s leading (re)insurance market.
2017 developments
Shirine Khoury-Haq
Chief Operating Officer Implementation and adoption of key parts of the LM TOM was a
major feature of 2017. Placing Platform Ltd (PPL), the electronic
trading platform, was rolled out to Marine, Property and Casualty
business lines during the year. A major upgrade to the platform’s
software went live in October.
Central Services Refresh Programme (CSRP), another key pillar of
the LM TOM with the aim of eliminating London specific accounting
and settlement processes, has delivered premiums and claims
processing capability.
In the Delegated Authorities workstream, coverholders were
generally audited just once, which resulted in 1,500 fewer audits
in 2017. 96% of managing agents adopted our audit management
tool. We implemented data standards for the first time ever in our
market and centralised compliance gathering. All of this serves to
make our market easier to do business with. In addition, work has
commenced on a service (DA SATS) to eliminate unnecessary
bordereaux transmission work for coverholders. This will be
delivered in 2018.
We delivered a structured data capture capability to enable
automated extraction of risk data for all lines of business and
implemented a data glossary for coverholders. Both initiatives
have realised rapid adoption across our market.
We also embraced new ideas. We carried out a blockchain pilot
around the claims process to understand how this technology
could be applied to the London market.
While the technical delivery has been effective, our 2018 goals are
to focus on adoption, particularly for electronic trading and CSRP.
20 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Performance against 2017 KPIs 2018 KPIs
— LM TOM adoption targets in Q4 2018:
2017 KPI Outcome
— 30% of open market risks per managing agent bound
Delivered 2017 LM TOM milestones for Largely through PPL;
all major workstreams. achieved, but — 12 market firms on-boarded to the CSRP service;
CSRP and PPL
— 20% of binders processed through Delegated Authority
adoption fell
Data Submission, Access and Transformation Service;
below targets
— 97% of coverholder audits coordinated through the
Corporation Operating Model Achieved audit system;
implemented and actual savings in the — All coverholders subject to the compliance oversight
Corporation’s like for like activities of service; and
at least £10m achieved.
— 15% of Market Reform Contracts and additional documents
processed through the Structured Data Capture service.
Direction for 2018 — Revised Lloyd’s Service Catalogue, incorporating market
Finishing the current set of LM TOM initiatives and securing further feedback, made available to managing agents under a
market adoption remains the key priority. Adoption of the enhanced suitable financial and service management framework.
services provided by the LM TOM is not happening fast enough.
Unless the market moves together it will not reap the benefits and End 2020 target
reduce costs. Without higher levels of adoption throughout the
— LM TOM phase 1 has reduced Lloyd’s market expenses by
market we put our investment to date at risk and we are in danger
£145m cumulatively by 2020 (assessed by estimated savings
of seeing administration costs rise further.
based on take-up from the LM TOM blueprint business case).
It is for this reason, and at the request of the Lloyd’s managing
Strategic objective
agents, company market and brokers, that Lloyd’s is proposing to
mandate the use of electronic placement on a phased basis over — Use data and technology effectively, enabling easy market
time. That mandate is still a work in progress and the rest of the access and superior service for customers.
market is working with the Lloyd’s Market Association and Lloyd’s
to ensure that it will drive the behaviours we want.
Building on the savings made in 2017, the Corporation will continue
to explore ways to improve its own efficiency, while clarifying the
services that it offers to the market. The Corporation will also
embed the new account manager model for the way it interacts
with managing agents.
2018 plans
— Work with software providers to integrate market firms
into the Central Services Refresh Programme.
— Complete Placement Platform Limited roll-out.
— Work with market firms to ensure adoption of the LM TOM.
— Revise the Corporation’s service offering to the market
following customer feedback.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 21

Strategic Report
Capital
Rationale and approach
Lloyd’s capital structure offers three key advantages
— Efficiency – because there is a mutual layer of capital backing
all policies written at Lloyd’s, less capital needs to be held by
businesses themselves for a given portfolio of risks than would
be the case if they wrote that portfolio outside Lloyd’s. Capital
held centrally is also used to support business written in
other countries.
— Sufficiency – Lloyd’s capital is maintained at a level that
demonstrates Lloyd’s ability to absorb the impact of a market-
changing event. This is reflected in our financial strength ratings
and our capital sufficiency supports the flow of business into
the market.
— Flexibility – some funds can be posted at Lloyd’s through
letters of credit, meaning that companies can deploy group
capital efficiently.
The capital advantages of
Lloyd’s strategy is to maintain these advantages and ensure that
operating at Lloyd’s remain
Lloyd’s continues to be attractive to all types of capital provider,
a competitive differentiator including non-traditional insurance capital, providing them with
and the model has been excellent returns.
proven again in 2017.
2017 developments
Lloyd’s successfully issued £300m of subordinated debt to further
John Parry
strengthen its central assets. Assets available to cover Central
Chief Financial Officer
Solvency Capital requirement (CSCR) remain in excess of our
risk appetite (200% of CSCR).
An intensive piece of work to prepare our Solvency II major model
change application took place during the first half of the year.
The application was submitted at the end of May and approval
was received from the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA)
in December.
A major multi-year project has begun to re-platform our internal
model. A vendor was chosen to build the new platform and work
is underway.
Approximately £3bn of additional capital was provided to restore
capital resources to the level before the Q3 2017 loss events and
to cover changes in capital requirements for 2018 underwriting.
No syndicate has ceased trading due to the natural catastrophes
and there was zero impact on the Central Fund.
All three rating agencies affirmed their rating, although both
Standard & Poor’s and Fitch’s outlook is currently negative based
on loss estimates for the Q3 catastrophes and Lloyd’s sustainable
operating performance. We are also looking at the quality of capital
we hold and announced transitional arrangements on letters of
credit that are Tier 2 capital under Solvency II.
22 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Performance against 2017 KPIs 2018 plans
— Determine and model options for structuring a new layer
2017 KPI Outcome
of protection for the Central Fund.
Lloyd’s Solvency II internal model Achieved — Consider measures to increase the proportion of Lloyd’s
‘major model change’ application capital assets that are eligible for solvency.
approved by the PRA. — Deliver Lloyd’s 2018 major model change application.
— Review long term capital deployment and balance of mutual
Lloyd’s financial strength ratings Achieved
versus several assets.
remained on a par with its
competitor group.
2018 KPIs
— Lloyd’s Solvency II internal model ‘major model change’
Direction for 2018
application approved by the PRA.
It has been two years since the introduction of Solvency II. While
— Reduce the amount of Tier 2 assets that are ineligible
this is now a business as usual reality, ensuring that our Internal
for meeting our solvency capital requirement.
Model continues to accurately reflect Lloyd’s risks and maintaining
regulatory approval are major tasks, and will involve another major
End 2020 target
model change application in 2018. In addition, under Solvency II
there is a limit on the amount of Tier 2 capital that insurers may — Lloyd’s insurer financial strength ratings remained competitive.
count towards their solvency requirement and we shall be
considering measures to increase the proportion of Lloyd’s Strategic objective
capital assets that are eligible for solvency.
— Protect customers with efficient and flexible capital, strong
Although the losses suffered by the market as a result of the major solvency coverage and ratings, while providing excellent
events during Q3 2017 had no impact on the Central Fund, we returns to investors.
cannot be complacent. In 2018 we shall be looking at ways in which
we can make the market even more secure for the protection of
our customers.
Lloyd’s chain of security Lloyd’s ratings as at 31 December 2017
Several assets A+ Standard & Poor’s: A+ (Strong)
First Link Syndicate level assets AA- Fitch Ratings: AA- (Very Strong)
£51,086m
A A.M. Best: A (Excellent)
Second Link Members’ funds at Lloyd’s
£24,579m
Mutual assets Responsible investment strategy
The insurance sector has an important role to play
Third Link Central Fund Callable layer
helping the world transition to a low carbon economy.
£2,043m £963m
That is why the Corporation has implemented a coal
Corporation exclusion policy as part of its responsible investment
£145m strategy for the Central Fund. We will be divesting of,
and screening out, investments in companies heavily
Subordinated associated with coal for those assets that we hold in
debt/securities segregated portfolios.
£793m
For further information on Lloyd’s ratings and the chain of security visit; lloyds.com/investorrelations
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 23

Strategic Report
Talent
Rationale and approach
Big and complicated risks are drawn to Lloyd’s, attracting
the world’s best insurance talent, which in turn attracts big
and complicated risks – Lloyd’s perpetuates this virtuous circle.
This arises in part through the clustering benefits of the London
insurance market. The whole market has an interest in ensuring
that relevant skills, knowledge and experience are acquired
and developed in order to reinforce this differentiator.
We need to attract the best talent from all backgrounds. Inclusion
is good for business and remains a priority. We take an inclusive
approach to attracting, developing and retaining talent for the
market. The Corporation and market continue to work in
partnership on a number of initiatives, including Inclusion@Lloyd’s,
Learning Week and Wellbeing. The objective is to widen perspectives,
enhance the profile of the market and to share best practice.
2017 developments
The wealth of talented
individuals is a key enabler During 2017, the Corporation has continued to build the content and
usage of Lloyd’s online development portal (Lloyd’s University), and
of business in Lloyd’s. We
to make the content available to the market. This has included using
will continue to focus on it for the first time as the vehicle by which complaints handling
training was successfully completed for the market online.
enhancing the diversity and
skills of this talent pool. The fifth annual Learning Week at Lloyd’s (where the Corporation
hosts speakers on a range of topics for the market) took place in
June and, for the second year running, we collaborated with the
Annette Andrews
Lloyd’s Market Association to design a comprehensive programme.
Human Resources Director
Nearly 1,800 people attended sessions across London, Chatham
and via Webinar.
The 2017 Dive In festival (where Lloyd’s celebrates diversity in all
its forms) took place in September. Events were held across the
world, in 17 countries. The festival continues to grow in terms of
remit and profile.
Succession plans have been put in place for all the Corporation’s
Senior Insurance Manager Regime roles.
24 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Performance against 2017 KPIs 2018 plans
— Career path modelling introduced and piloted.
2017 KPI Outcome
— Continue to support and coordinate the Inclusion@Lloyd’s group.
The percentage of female senior Not achieved.
— Launch a diversity and inclusion scorecard.
employees in the Corporation An increase of
increased by 2 percentage 1.6ppts was
2018 KPIs
points in 2017. attained.
— The percentage of female senior employees in the Corporation
increased by two percentage points.
Direction for 2018
— Lloyd’s University usage is expanded to a further
Focus will be placed on the following: ten companies.
— Adoption by at least 25% of Inclusion@Lloyd’s charter
— Continue to grow the content and usage of the Lloyd’s
signatories of the diversity and inclusion scorecard.
University, including the launch of the Lloyd’s University
Career Management Centre to support employees’ focus
End 2020 target
on their personal development and to plan career paths;
— Development of the executive leadership population, — The Lloyd’s market is recognised as ‘best-in-class’ for its
including piloting a leadership programme; talent and underwriting expertise in the 2020 Lloyd’s brand
reputation index.
— A refreshed future leaders programme for the market;
— Dive In festival;
Strategic objective
— A global learning week, in conjunction with the Lloyd’s Market
— Attract talented people to a global market renowned
Association; and
for its professionalism, expertise and inclusion.
— Wellbeing events for the market throughout the year.
Gender pay gap women, and enabling them to develop and thrive at each stage
of their career.
The Corporation reported a gender pay gap of 27.7% (mean) in its
2017 Gender Pay Gap Report. This gap represents the difference
Please visit lloyds.com/genderpaygap for more information on
between the average pay for a man in the Corporation, compared
our commitments and action towards closing the Corporation’s
with the average pay for a woman. The gender pay gap is different
gender pay gap.
to equal pay which is men and women being paid the same for the
same work or work of equal value. The Corporation does not
Stonewall equality index
believe it has an equal pay issue. However, we review this on an
annual basis as part of our compensation review process. Each year organisations take part in the Stonewall Workplace
Equality Index, looking to assess their achievements and progress
The Corporation’s gender pay gap is driven by two key factors: on LGBT inclusion in the workplace. We are proud to announce
– A higher proportion of men in senior roles; and that the Corporation scores have again increased in 2018,
placing us at 199 out of 434 (up from 236 out of 439 in 2017).
– A higher proportion of women who work part-time.
This demonstrates our commitment to having a diverse
Lloyd’s is committed to redressing the gender imbalance, and and inclusive culture.
this will take a long term approach. That is why we have a well-
established programme of initiatives aimed at attracting more
2017 Corporation employee segmentation figures
UK 797
Non-UK 197
Executive Head of Professional/
Team Function Manager Technician Administrative Total
Female 4 10 125 229 157 525
Male 4 29 196 170 70 469
Total 8 39 321 399 227 994
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 25

Strategic Report
Brand
Rationale and approach
Lloyd’s brand is globally recognised and highly valued both within
the insurance industry and broader society. The Lloyd’s market is
renowned for working with nations, businesses and communities to
help them reduce risk before disasters strike and for paying billions
in claims to help them recover after catastrophes. In 2017 we paid
out £18.3bn in claims, gross of reinsurance, worldwide.
A strong global brand and positive reputation make Lloyd’s more
attractive to policyholders and brokers, attracting new business
into the market, and make Lloyd’s more appealing for investors
and the best talent.
In today’s competitive global market it is incumbent upon the
Corporation to seek opportunities to promote and protect the
brand for the benefit of the market.
2017 developments
Lloyd’s brand is built on
paying claims. To maintain In May, the Corporation updated its brand guidelines for use by
Corporation employees and market firms including underwriters,
the brand, we will keep paying
service companies, brokers, coverholders and Lloyd’s agencies
all valid claims as quickly and around the world. This has ensured a more consistent brand
experience for all stakeholders.
efficiently as possible.
The Corporation’s innovation team published a number of emerging
Jo Scott risk reports to help the market better understand the implications
Head, Brand & Communications of new risks and to drive Lloyd’s reputation for thought leadership.
The marketing and communications team published a cyber white
paper, ‘Counting the Cost’, that gained widespread media coverage
and made a compelling case for insurance to be part of businesses’
cyber risk mitigation strategies.
The claims campaign was launched. This campaign provided
marketing materials for brokers and information for policyholders
on the Lloyd’s market claims operation, using case studies to
bring the process to life and making the case for the social value
of insurance.
Lloyds.com was overhauled including an improved navigational
structure that makes information on our global network more visible.
The Corporation was heavily involved in ‘London Makes it Possible’,
the market-wide campaign to promote London as the leading global
hub for insurance.
26 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Performance against 2017 KPIs 2018 plans
— Deliver a campaign to promote the market’s ability to process
2017 KPI Outcome
and pay claims quickly and easily.
Thought leadership content downloads Achieved — Effective investigation of complaints to achieve appropriate
increased by 5% and achieved average outcomes for policyholders.
click through rate of 6% for e-marketing. — Education of managing agents and coverholders to improve
complaint handling within the market.
Number of international visitors to Not achieved.
lloyds.com and other campaign related A 3% increase 2018 KPIs
sites increased by 10%. over 2016 was
attained — For first party claimants on open market business, reduced
average time taken between first notification of loss and
Published a Responsible Business Not achieved settlement by 5%.
Framework for the Lloyd’s market — The percentage of decisions on policyholder complaints
and Corporation. upheld by the Financial Ombudsman Service over 2018
was at least 0.5ppts lower than the industry average.
Reduced the Corporation’s total Achieved
reported greenhouse gas emissions. End 2020 targets
— Lloyd’s brand is globally admired and is attractive to all
Direction for 2018
stakeholders. The Lloyd’s brand reputation index will be at
We will continue to run targeted campaigns, including a further least equal to that of ‘best-in-class’ (re)insurance companies.
one on claims, which promote the market to policyholders and — Lloyd’s combined ratio is better than that of its competitor
influencers in key territories. We will carry out another global group over the three year period to end 2020.
brand survey to monitor the health of the Lloyd’s brand.
Strategic objective
We will publish further thought leadership in the form of emerging
risk reports and an updated City Risk Index, which quantifies the — Be a marketplace that is attractive to global customers and
risk to gross domestic product from 22 threats to more than 250 market participants, respected for its approach to business.
cities around the world.
We will create the Corporation’s first ever responsible business
strategy and report on progress against a series of responsible
business targets. We will also work with the Lloyd’s Market
Association to create a responsible business framework for
the market.
Lloyd’s greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 2017
Lloyd’s total Lloyd’s total
Out of 2017 GHG 2016 GHG
Scope 1 Scope 2 Scope 3 scopes emissions emissions
(tonnes CO₂e) (tonnes CO₂e) (tonnes CO₂e) (tonnes CO₂e) (tonnes CO₂e) (tonnes CO₂e)
UK 1,756 6,498 2,916 <1 10,170 12,392
International offices 17 703 118 – 837 1,186
Lloyd’s 2017 total GHG reported emissions 11,007 13,578
Lloyd’s total reported GHG emissions from our business activities in 2017 were 11,007 tonnes of CO2e, a decrease of 19% against 2016, which were driven by reductions in electricity
and air travel emissions. In the UK a 5% fall in electricity consumption, plus continued decarbonisation of the UK grid electricity reflecting in a lower conversion factor issued by
Defra, saw electricity emissions fall 19% overall. Total mileage flown by Lloyd’s staff fell by 59% in 2017, we continue to offset our air travel emissions by buying carbon credits for
renewable energy projects through Natural Capital Partners. Scope 1 emissions rose by 11%, caused largely by increases in natural gas and fuel oil usage in the UK. We also
continued to improve the accuracy of our international reporting, with 75% of employees outside the UK now included within reporting offices, up from 69% in 2016.
A more detailed statement on Lloyd’s GHG emissions is available at: lloyds.com/ghgemissions
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 27

Market Results
3
Financial Highlights
30 2017 Highlights
42 Statement of Council’s Responsibilities and
Report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to
the Council on the 2017 Pro Forma Financial
Statements
43 Pro Forma Profit and Loss Account
43 Pro Forma Statement of Comprehensive
Income
44 Pro Forma Balance Sheet
45 Pro Forma Statement of Cash Flows
46 Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
71 Managing Agents and Syndicates
28 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Financial Highlights
Market Results
The Lloyd’s market experienced an
exceptionally difficult year in 2017, driven
by challenging market conditions and a
significant impact from natural catastrophes.
It is in these moments that Lloyd’s proves its
value and strength, being able to more than
meet its substantial commitments without any
significant impact on its total resources.
Lloyd’s has lived up to its centuries old promise
and purpose – to be there when it matters
most, providing the financial support to
enable businesses, governments and most
importantly people, to recover and rebuild their
lives as quickly as possible.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 29

Market Results
2017 Highlights
Financial highlights
— Lloyd’s reported a loss of £2,001m (2016: a profit of £2,107m)
— Combined ratio of 114.0% (2016: 97.9%)
— Gross written premium of £33,591m (2016: £29,862m)
— Capital, reserves and subordinated loan notes stand at £27,560m (2016: £28,597m)
Gross written premium (£m) Result before tax (£m)
2013 25,615 2013 3,205
2014 25,259 2014 3,016
2015 26,690 2015 2,122
2016 29,862 2016 2,107
2017 33,591 2017 (2,001)
Capital, reserves and subordinated debt and securities (£m) Central assets (£m)
2013 21,107 2013 2,384
2014 23,413 2014 2,578
2015 25,098 2015 2,645
2016 28,597 2016 2,879
2017 27,560 2017 2,981
Return on capital* (%) Combined ratio* (%)
2013 16.2 2013 86.8
2014 14.1 2014 88.4
2015 9.1 2015 90.0
2016 8.1 2016 97.9
2017 (7.3) 2017 114.0
The Pro Forma Financial Statements (PFFS) are prepared so that the financial results of Lloyd’s and its members taken together and their net assets can be compared as closely as
possible with general insurance companies. The PFFS include the aggregate of syndicate annual accounts (Aggregate Accounts), members’ funds at Lloyd’s (FAL) and the Society
of Lloyd’s financial statements. Further information concerning the basis of preparation of the PFFS is included on page 46.
*The return on capital and the combined ratio are metrics that are consistently used to analyse financial performance in the Lloyd’s market results and/or in the Society Report.
These metrics (wherever used in this Annual Report) are Alternative Performance Measures (APMs), with further information available on page 174.
30 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

The Lloyd’s market reported a pre-tax The underwriting result continued to benefit insurance lines. Notwithstanding the
loss of £2,001m in 2017 (2016: a profit of from prior year releases, albeit at a lower significant catastrophe losses in 2017,
£2,107m) and a combined ratio of 114.0% level than in recent years. Prior year capacity remains abundant. Profitable
(2016: 97.9%). The deterioration in the releases amounted to £706m (2016: growth opportunities continued to be
result is primarily driven by the major claims £1,150m) improving the combined ratio difficult, driven by the challenging
activity in 2017, specifically the natural by 2.9% (2016: 5.1%). The reserving market conditions.
catastrophe events which occurred in methodology for setting initial loss
the third and fourth quarters. The market estimates varies between syndicates. There has been a slow down in the rate
continued to benefit from favourable There are a significant number that reserve at which expenses have been increasing
investment return, increasing to £1,800m especially prudently, which contributes relative to growth in premium, resulting in
(2016: £1,345m) in 2017. Investment return to the observed trend of relatively high a small improvement in the expense ratio.
was 2.7% (2016: 2.2%), the improvement accident year ratios, which reduce over However, the Lloyd’s market’s expenses
being driven by the strong performance time as they book releases from reserves. continue to be higher, as a proportion of
from high quality fixed interest assets. net earned premium, than those of our
Continued downward pressure on pricing competitor group, particularly in relation
Market conditions remained challenging was again experienced across the market to acquisition costs, reflecting Lloyd’s
in 2017, with all lines of business reporting in 2017, albeit within planning assumptions, more extensive distribution chain. This will
accident year losses for 2017; four lines of driven by the availability of capital and the continue to be an area of focus in 2018 with
business had prior year releases, however relatively benign catastrophe experience plans to realise some of the benefits of the
only one line of business, energy, reported over the past few years. However, overall London Market Target Operating Model
an overall profit. pricing levels stabilised in the second half (LM TOM), and pilot initiatives to make it
of the year, driven by property and casualty cheaper and easier to write business
at Lloyd’s (see pages 20 to 21).
Drivers of market result – change from 2016 to 2017 (£m)
2016: £2,107m profit 2017: £2,001m loss – a
£3,421m underwriting
loss offset by £1,420m
3,000 non-technical profit
2,000
468 (958)
1,639
1,000 1,420
(2,487)
(2,001)
0
(3,421)
-1,000
(444) 455 (640)
-2,000
(34)
-3,000
75
-4,000
2016 result Accident year – Accident year – Prior year Investment Foreign Other 2017 result 2017: Split of
attritional result major claims releases return exchange expenses underwriting
result and
other result
Underwriting results
Other – investment return, foreign exchange and the other net expenses
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 31

Market Results
2017 Highlights
A foreign exchange loss has been reported 2017 performance conditions and the widening of coverage
in 2017 as sterling has marginally was evident. During the year, there
Gross written premium for the year
strengthened against the US dollar continued to be growth in most lines,
increased to £33,591m compared with
throughout 2017, reversing the significant although the rate of growth slowed
£29,862m in 2016. US dollar denominated
foreign exchange gain reported in 2016, throughout the year. The main exceptions
business continues to account for the
when sterling weakened significantly post being aviation and energy, where further
largest share of business at Lloyd’s.
the referendum result. Approximately 66% contraction was evident.
The average exchange rate in 2017 was
of the business written across the market
US$1.29: £1 compared with US$1.35: £1
is denominated in US dollars. The underlying accident year ratio,
in 2016. The US dollar and other currency
excluding major claims, was 98.4% (2016:
movements have increased premiums
Looking ahead 93.9%) with underlying claims inflation,
as reported in converted sterling by 6%.
deductible erosion and the general
Following a costly year in terms of natural Adjusting for the impact of exchange rate weakening of pricing and other terms and
catastrophes (with latest industry insured movements, the increase in gross written conditions largely contributing to the year
loss estimates as high as US$140bn), there premium was 6%. on year increase.
continues to be attention on pricing levels
in those lines affected. In other lines The overall price change (taking into
unaffected by these catastrophic events, account terms and conditions) on renewal
there are signs that pricing may be turning. business was a decrease of 2%. This was
slightly lower than planning assumptions.
The continuing supply of risk-taking capital Aside from pricing reductions, which
globally is likely to act as a constraint on slowed/stabilised in the second half of the
the scale of price increases in 2018. It is year, some weakening in other terms and
estimated that reinsurance capacity at year
end 2017 is actually slightly up on 2016 (ie
this did not reduce post the catastrophe
events in the second half of 2017), and
some of this increase is due to additional
Major claims % of net earned premium Accident year ratio excl. major claims %
capital from non-traditional providers.
2013 4.4 2013 90.4
Despite some improvement in pricing levels
post Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria, it
2014 3.4 2014 93.1
is crucial that this does not mask the need
to close the performance gap in many 2015 3.5 2015 94.4
other lines, particularly those sensitive
to attrition, and to correct pricing for 2016 9.1 2016 93.9
exposures assumed.
2017 18.5 2017 98.4
The macroeconomic environment shows Five year average1 8.3 Five year average1 96.1
no signs yet of becoming less challenging.
The parlous state of world politics and Ten year average1 10.2 Ten year average1 91.5
fragile global economics require careful
1 Weighted by net earned premium.
monitoring and a nimble, and pro-active,
underwriting response. Aside from the
conundrum posed by Brexit, the recent
US tax changes, increasing global Contributors to combined ratio
protectionism and continued violent 2016 Combined ratio % 2017 Combined ratio %
extremism remain key topics to watch.
9.1% 98.4% 18.5% (2.9%) 114.0%
93.9%
(5.1%) 97.9% 12.5%
14.0%
27.0%
26.6%
58.9%
53.3%
AY excl. Major Prior year Calendar AY excl. Major Prior year Calendar
Major claims claims movements year Major claims claims movements year
Attritional loss ratio Acquisition expense ratio Admin expense ratio
32 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Major claims events included the Mexican earthquakes, Although the contribution of prior year
Cyclone Debbie, which caused damage and movement to the overall result remains
For the Lloyd’s market, major claims were
flooding in Australia, wildfires in Chile and significant, it does represent a reduction in
£4,539m in 2017 (2016: £2,052m), net of
a frequency of severe convective storm release compared with recent years. The
reinsurance and including reinstatements
events in the US. level of release is influenced by both claims
payable and receivable. Total insured losses
experience and the reserving approach of
for the catastrophe events of 2017 are
Prior year movement the market.
estimated to be US$135.6bn.
The combined ratio has been improved
With regard to the reserving approach, a
After a long period of relatively benign by 2.9% (2016: 5.1%) through prior year
number of managing agents adopt prudent
major loss activity, the cost of major claims releases. The release represents 1.9%
initial held reserves. In the absence of
to the Lloyd’s market in 2017 is the third (2016: 3.8%) of net claims reserves brought
poor claims experience these would be
highest since 2003, in today’s terms. forward at 1 January.
expected to result in future releases.
The largest insured natural catastrophe This was the 13th successive year of prior
Estimates for major catastrophe events
event was Hurricane Irma. This event, year releases. In each of these years, the
from recent years have also proved to be
which devastated large parts of the level of release has been significantly
adequate. However, while still favourable
Caribbean and US Gulf states, notably influenced by actual experience. In 2017,
compared with expectation, experience has
Florida, was the second of three major aggregate attritional claims emergence
been closer to projections than in recent
Atlantic hurricanes to hit the industry in was below projected levels. This favourable
years, and this will drive a reduction in the
the third quarter. The others being development was experienced across
level of release.
Hurricane Harvey, which caused significant a number of lines of business and years
wind and flood damage in Texas, and of account. However, some instances
Lloyd’s continues to engage with managing
Hurricane Maria which, again, caused of reserve strengthening have been
agents writing material casualty business
widespread damage in the Caribbean. experienced, particularly on property
in order to test reserving assumptions in
business, due to increased estimates
further detail. In 2018, Lloyd’s will continue
The market also incurred significant claims for large claims.
to monitor reserves closely and act to
from the wildfires in northern California
ensure that adequate market discipline is
in October and in southern California in
being maintained in current challenging
December. Other notable catastrophe
market conditions, particularly on the
longer-tailed lines.
The actual level of claims payments
ultimately made compared with the
provisions held is an area of inherent
uncertainty. Oversight of this area is a
key focus for Lloyd’s to ensure that the
processes underlying these estimates are
robust, provisions are adequate and any
release of provision is appropriate.
Reinsurance Protection
The credit quality of the Lloyd’s market’s
reinsurance protections remain extremely
Lloyd’s major losses: net ultimate claims (£m) high, with more than 98% of all recoveries
and reinsurance premium ceded being
with reinsurers rated ‘A-’ and above, or
supported by high quality collateral assets.
Reinsurers’ share of claims outstanding
remains a material consideration for
Lloyd’s (equivalent to 50% of gross written
premium/68% of members’ assets). There
has been a material year on year growth
in the scale of overall reinsurance
recoverables due to the North American
natural catastrophe losses experienced
in the second half of 2017. This increase
reflects the reinsurance risk transfer
strategy of the Lloyd’s market and the
nature of these recent loss events. No
negative settlement trends have been
witnessed to date. Lloyd’s will be monitoring
981
3002
037,1
4002
355,4
5002
26
6002
295
7002
999,1
8002
693
9002
544,2
0102
120,5
1102
939,1
2102
919
3102
496
4102
947
5102
690,2
6102
935,4
7102
Prior year reserve movement Years of account in run-off
% of net earned premium Number of years
2013 (8.0) 2013 6
2014 (8.1) 2014 4
2015 (7.9) 2015 4
2016 (5.1) 2016 6
2017 (2.9) 2017 6
Five year average: £1,799m; 15 year average: £1,862m. Indexed for inflation to 2017.
Claims in foreign currency translated at the exchange rates prevailing at the date of loss.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 33

Market Results
2017 Highlights
this closely in 2018 as part of our normal Developed market monetary policy The investment return on Lloyd’s central
market oversight procedures. Lloyd’s continued to be tightened with central assets is also included in the PFFS. This
outward reinsurance premium spend for banks in the US, Canada and UK raising was £171m or 5.0% in 2017 (2016: £172m,
2017 is 26% of gross written premium, interest rates. Credit spreads on corporate 5.6%). The investment performance of
which reflects a modest year on year bond investments tightened in line with the central assets is discussed on pages 107
increase in the scale of reinsurance general risk-on sentiment whilst returns to 108.
purchased. This level of reinsurance on sovereign bonds were weaker as
transfer remains within risk appetite. expectation of higher interest rates led Results summary
to some increase in yields.
Lloyd’s reported a loss before tax for the
Result for the closed year and
financial year of £2,001m (2016: a profit of
The market’s investments generated a
run-off years of account £2,107m) and a combined ratio of 114.0%
return of £1,800m (2016: £1,345m), or 2.7%,
(2016: 97.9%). The PFFS aggregates the
Under Lloyd’s three year accounting policy showing improvement on the previous year
results of the syndicate annual accounts,
for final distribution of each underwriting and also above the five year average.
notional investment return on funds at
year of account, the 2015 account reached Primary drivers included an allocation,
Lloyd’s (FAL) and the Society of Lloyd’s
closure at 31 December 2017. 2015 albeit conservative, to equity and risk
financial statements. The basis of
witnessed some sizeable risk losses, notably assets as well as a large allocation to
preparation of the PFFS is set out in note 2
in the aviation sector. However, aggregate investment grade corporate bonds.
on pages 46 to 47. The syndicate annual
major claims and insured catastrophe losses
accounts reported an aggregate loss of
were below the long term average. As a Syndicate premium trust fund assets
£2,908m (2016: a profit of £1,353m).
result, the 2015 pure year of account was form the largest element of investment
able to report a good underwriting profit. assets at Lloyd’s. Managing agents have
The 2015 pure year profit was also boosted responsibility for the investment of these Line of business:
by the addition of releases from prior years assets, which are used to meet insurance Reinsurance-Property
totalling £919m on the 2014 and prior claims as they become payable. The
reinsurance to close (RITC) (2013 and prior: aggregate asset disposition reflects the Property catastrophe excess of loss
£1,031m), which meant the year closed with balanced but conservative investment represents the largest sector in this line.
an overall profit of £1,620m (2014 pure year policy pursued by agents. Cash and high Other key sectors are property facultative,
profit: £2,856m). quality, shorter duration, fixed interest property risk excess, property pro rata and
investments constitute a majority core agriculture and hail.
Six years of account were in run-off at the share whilst return seeking equity and
beginning of 2017. Three of these were growth assets account for a moderate 2017 performance
closed at the end of 2017. However, three allocation at around 15%. Lloyd’s gross written premium for 2017
syndicates were unable to close their 2015 was £5,991m (2016: £5,022m), an increase
year of account at the year end and, Overall, syndicate investments returned of 19.3%. This growth was largely due to
therefore, the number of open years £907m, or 2.2% in 2017 (2016: £810m, reinstatement premiums on property treaty
remains at six. 2.0%). Investment return was moderately business following Hurricanes Harvey, Irma
higher this year driven by solid corporate and Maria, and US dollar exchange rate
In aggregate, run-off years reported a bond returns as well as strong performance movements. The Lloyd’s reinsurance
surplus of £8m including investment return in equity and growth assets. Investments property line reported an accident year
(2016: deficit of £35m). are valued at mark to market prices and ratio of 134.3% (2016: 101.2%).
unrealised gains and losses are included
The results of the major lines of business within reported investment returns. 2017 was a year when natural catastrophe
are discussed in detail on pages 34 to 38. losses were in the headlines. Not forgetting
Members’ capital is generally held centrally the human impact in terms of fatalities,
Investment review at Lloyd’s. A proportion of this capital is disruption and loss of homes and
maintained in investment assets and properties, these losses inevitably had
Equity and other risk assets delivered managed at members’ discretion. A notional an impact on the insurance market.
another year of strong investment return investment return on members’ capital of
in 2017. Financial market stability was £722m, or 3.1% (2016: £363m, 1.8%) has The pricing levels for property treaty
supported by an increasingly positive been included in the Pro Forma Financial and facultative placements improved
economic environment and particularly Statements (PFFS). This is based on the immediately following Hurricanes Harvey,
low levels of volatility. investment disposition of the relevant Irma and Maria and other losses in 2017.
assets and market index returns. Return
on this pool of assets was strong by
comparison with previous years, driven by
its allocation to equity and growth assets.
34 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Prior year movement Treaty performance has been affected Reinsurance – Specialty
The prior year movement was a release by the impact of the Ogden discount rate
Marine reinsurance is the largest sector of
of 4.0% (2016: 9.4%). Case reserves and decision, particularly on underlying motor
the Lloyd’s specialty reinsurance business,
specific provisions for known catastrophes portfolios. As most treaty business renews
followed by energy and aviation.
have remained stable, with a release at the start of the calendar year, the
of catastrophe loads within previous quantum of the change in discount rate 2017 performance
held reserves. announced in February 2017 was not
Gross written premium by sector was:
anticipated and factored into the pricing
Marine £1,166m (2016: £1,127m), Energy
Looking ahead levels at renewal.
£749m (2016: £689m), Aviation £415m
The catastrophic events of 2017 have led to
Prior year movement (2016: £454m) and Life £16m (2016: £20m).
an increase in pricing levels. However, there
The Lloyd’s reinsurance specialty line
remains a surplus of capacity in the market The prior year movement was a release
reported an accident year ratio of 110.3%
and it is possible that we have seen a of 1.8% (2016: 7.1%). There is particular
(2016: 101.9%).
dampening of the reinsurance cycle. reserving uncertainty on casualty lines.
This will inevitably have an impact on the Lloyd’s monitoring of these lines continues
There continues to be a frequency of
market’s ability to grow premium volumes to indicate adequate provisions remain over
large facultative reinsurance losses in most
in the sector beyond price increases. all prior years.
specialty sectors. On the treaty side, marine
excess of loss reinsurers were impacted
This line contains motor excess of loss
Reinsurance – Casualty by cargo and yacht losses following
where there has been continued
Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria.
The largest sectors of the casualty treaty deterioration due to the Ogden discount
market at Lloyd’s are non-marine liability rate announced in February 2017. In
Capacity remained more than ample in
excess of loss and US workers’ addition the non-marine casualty treaty line
most sectors, and this led to further
compensation. has been impacted by a number of large
downward pressure on pricing until the
losses, such as the Grenfell Tower fire.
final quarter renewals.
2017 performance
Lloyd’s gross written premium for 2017 was Looking ahead
Prior year movement
£2,223m (2016: £2,096m), an increase of Understanding any further changes to
The prior year movement was a release
6.1%. The Lloyd’s reinsurance casualty line the framework for calculating the Ogden
of 8.5% (2016: 14.2%). This line is exposed
reported an accident year ratio of 103.9% discount rate applicable for personal
to individual large losses though specific
(2016: 105.2%). injury claims will be the key performance
provisions are held to cover the emergence
driver for the line, absent any other
of these on more recent years of account.
extraneous factors.
Releases emerge where the full quantum of
these specific provisions is not required.
Looking ahead
With the improvement currently being seen
in property treaty pricing levels, it is possible
2017 combined ratio by line of business that some capacity will be redeployed away
from specialty reinsurance.
Prior year
Accident reserve Calendar
year movement year
Reinsurance 121.7% (4.5%) 117.2%
Property 131.5% (3.9%) 127.6%
Casualty 103.7% (0.6%) 103.1%
Marine 121.8% 0.6% 122.4%
Energy 107.7% (21.1%) 86.6%
Motor 114.4% 7.9% 122.3%
Aviation 100.6% 1.6% 102.2%
Life 132.4% 1.4% 133.8%
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 35

Market Results
2017 Highlights
Property Results for 2017 had already been Casualty
under pressure ahead of the second
The property line consists of a broad range The casualty market at Lloyd’s comprises
half, driven mainly by attritional activity.
of risks written worldwide. It is made up of a broad range of sectors.
The catastrophe activity in 2017 further
predominantly excess and surplus lines
stressed the property result. Moreover,
business with a weighting in favour of the The most significant are general liability
these losses have highlighted the extent
industrial and commercial sectors, binding and professional liability. Although shorter-
to which lack of catastrophe losses and
authority business comprising mainly tail in nature than most casualty lines,
reserve releases have been otherwise
non-standard commercial and residential accident and health business is also
subsidising attritional and large loss
risks and specialist sectors, including included within this sector. The US market
elements, and in many cases pricing
terrorism, power (electricity) generation, is the largest single market for Lloyd’s
inadequacies in more recent years’
engineering and nuclear risks. casualty followed by the United Kingdom,
results for many.
Canada and Australia.
Business is written through the broker
Prior year movement
network with a significant proportion 2017 performance
The prior year movement was a release
using the framework of coverholders (or Lloyd’s gross written premium for 2017
of 3.9% (2016: 3.2%). In line with other
managing general agencies) and other was £8,464m (2016: £7,131m), an increase
recent years for this short-tailed
similar delegated authority arrangements. of 18.7%. This increase was largely due to
business, there has been generally stable
US dollar exchange rate movements and
development in relation to estimates for
2017 performance further growth in cyber and warranty and
known losses. Loss experience has been
Lloyd’s gross written premium for 2017 indemnity business. The Lloyd’s casualty
slightly unfavourable due to greater attrition
was £8,965m (2016: £7,988m), an increase line reported an accident year ratio of
and large loss developments.
of 12.2%, with movements in US dollar 103.7% (2016: 102.9%).
exchange rates contributing towards
Looking ahead
this growth. The Lloyd’s property line The wider casualty market in 2017 remained
Following the significant natural
reported an accident year ratio of 131.5% replete with capacity. This suppressed
catastrophe losses in 2017 and a marginal
(2016: 106.6%). price increases, keeping them below widely
year for many in 2016, corrective action
agreed-upon claims inflation assumptions.
on pricing levels and some tightening of
Excess global capacity together with This continuing trend is disappointing given
terms and conditions is now being seen.
broadening of risk appetites from domestic that accident year results are loss making.
While this is expected to continue through
markets continued to drive pricing
2018, such increases may fall below the
reductions throughout the first part of 2017 The year on year growth was significantly
necessary levels to address pricing
although at a reducing level compared with driven by the dollar-sterling exchange rate,
adequacy concerns.
more recent years. As a result of significant however, there was additionally some
loss activity during the second half of the organic growth in certain lines, particularly
With the availability of global reinsurance
year, positive price changes were observed cyber products, which are expected to
capacity largely intact despite the events of
during the last few months of the year. continue to develop, addressing rapidly
2017, early signs are that the scale of price
evolving exposures with many insureds
increases have been more constrained than
The growth in overall premium income was being first-time buyers leading to further
some syndicates anticipated. Underwriters
driven primarily by US and non-US binding predicted growth. There was some organic
will need to maintain a proactive approach
authority business with some contraction premium growth in other traditional lines
to managing the performance gap and this
noted in open market business. Other lines driven by insureds experiencing higher
will involve some difficult decisions
were largely flat or saw some contraction turnover, wage rolls and fee income,
regarding existing accounts or indeed the
in premium levels. Terrorism, the main reflecting a slowly improving economic
appropriateness of some new accounts.
exception, continued to see premium environment. Elsewhere in certain other
Expense and acquisition pressures will
growth as additional opportunities were casualty lines some market participants
continue to be a challenge.
presented to Lloyd’s, a leading market in have recently cut back or exited, causing
this class, despite a continued reduction in the overall growth in casualty business
pricing levels and a number of loss events. to slow.
Pressure continued through the year on
terms and conditions with coverage for
losses arising out of cyber, in particular
increasingly under property contracts.
As pricing reductions slowed, pressure
on coverage sub-limits, deductibles and
coverage in general continued. However,
going into 2018, these appear to have now
seen some reversal as some underwriters
seek to tighten coverage levels.
36 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Prior year movement in this line and remains at the leading edge Prior year movement
The prior year movement was a release of product development by providing The prior year movement was a
of 0.6% (2016: a release of 0.2%). innovative, bespoke and risk transfer strengthening of 0.6% (2016: a release
solutions in both standalone products or of 2.2%).
Casualty has been a particular focus for with coverage embedded or blended with
reserve oversight in 2017 and will continue traditional product lines. Risk aggregation 2017 experience in this line has been less
to be closely monitored over the year and monitoring tools were introduced to favourable than in recent years and was
ahead. This focus arose as a result of understand and manage the exposures to at the level expected for exposures of
concerns around reserve strength of more cyber risk across the Lloyd’s market; these this type.
recent years, though these are confined will be enhanced further in 2018.
to particular underlying segments within Looking ahead
the line. Generally, the market in all casualty lines Anecdotally there are suggestions the
remains highly competitive, with many
hurricane activity has acted as the catalyst
Accident and Health has suffered participants seeking to expand their books, for underlying price improvement, however,
particularly poor experience with a number often through delegated underwriting it remains to be seen whether the price
of large losses impacting the 2016 year. arrangements. With no lack of appetite firming seen towards the back end of 2017
This is in addition to the relatively high level among insurers for casualty business, into 2018 is sustained throughout 2018.
of inherent uncertainty of casualty reserves pricing levels have been challenging, but
in this long-tailed line, particularly under now show some signs of stabilization which Despite less than favourable performance
challenging market conditions. is expected to continue further in 2018. in the major sectors over successive
years, driven largely by compounded
Looking ahead Marine price erosion, capacity remains high
The casualty market’s performance is A diverse mix of marine business is placed and syndicates resolve looks as though
highly correlated with both economic at Lloyd’s who are regarded as industry it will be tested.
and legal conditions. Despite the economic leaders in the line. Principal lines of
climate having improved since the late business include cargo, hull, marine liability, Energy
2000s there remains certain sectors within specie and fine art.
The Lloyd’s energy line includes a variety of
financial and professional lines that are
onshore and offshore property and liability
more exposed to the global fragile recovery 2017 performance
sectors, ranging from construction to
with the potential to cause volatility
Lloyd’s gross written premium for 2017 exploration, production, refining and
in results.
was £2,506m (2016: £2,470m), an increase distribution.
of 1.5%. The Lloyd’s marine line reported
Whilst the legal and regulatory environment
an accident year ratio of 121.8% 2017 performance
varies across territories and jurisdictions,
(2016: 108.4%).
there is a general trend of increasing Gross written premium for the Lloyd’s
regulation and litigiousness in many regions energy line in 2017 was £1,253m (2016:
A competitive environment persisted in
of the world and in some territories fuelled £1,110m), an increase of 12.9%. The Lloyd’s
marine lines of business where capacity,
by third-party litigation funding, which may energy line reported an accident year ratio
despite some withdrawals, remained high.
lead to an increase in the frequency and of 107.7% (2016: 106.4%).
This was reflected in the pricing
severity of claims. Additionally, increases in
environment which saw similar reductions
inflation will put more pressure on attritional The growth in premium was impacted by
to the prior year in most lines. This trend
loss ratios for open claims as well as future a strengthening US dollar exchange rate in
was somewhat reversed following the three
years of account. the first half of the year, compared with the
major hurricanes of the third quarter
period prior to the UK referendum result in
especially in the lines more severely
The global cyber insurance market 2016, when a substantial proportion of
affected by losses.
continues to expand, with high profile energy business incepts.
breaches and evolving legislation, driving
Income was broadly similar to 2016 levels
increased demand. A significant proportion While there was further price erosion,
with increases in some lines offset by
of the business written is US domiciled, the reductions in major upstream and
reduction in others. Performance for 2017
however growth rates in Europe are downstream property lines were marginally
was already under stress across the major
expected to increase with the adoption of less than in the prior year. The oil price
lines of business in the first half of the year,
the General Data Protection Regulation continued to recover but was not yet at a
mainly driven by attritional losses. The
in May 2018. Lloyd’s writes approximately level to encourage a largescale increase
effects of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and
a third of the global market share and in offshore exploration and production.
Maria added severely to margin pressure,
pioneered many of the original products For both offshore and onshore, record
especially in the cargo and yacht lines.
levels of capacity were maintained meaning
competition remained intense in those lines.
There were signs of a price reduction
slowdown as the year entered the final
quarter, notably in onshore property.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 37

Market Results
2017 Highlights
Current year performance was affected continues to be disappointing. International 2017 performance
by onshore property, which saw high loss motor also continues to perform poorly. Gross written premium was £687m (2016:
activity levels, similar to 2016, underscored £627m), an increase of 9.6%. The Lloyd’s
by the explosion at the ADNOC facility in Prior year movement aviation line reported an accident year ratio
Abu Dhabi. Power generation also suffered The motor line saw prior year strengthening of 100.6% (2016: 106.9%).
from the effects of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma of 7.9% of net earned premium (2016:
and Maria. However, offshore property strengthening of 2.6%). 2017 was an exceptionally light year for
benefited from another relatively benign major loss activity with the airline sector
year of loss activity and this combined There is uncertainty on the level of reserves having one of the safest years on record in
with the effects of favourable prior year for the UK motor insurance market being terms of fatalities despite rising exposures.
loss movements produced an overall materially impacted by any change in the Notwithstanding this sustained and
satisfactory performance in energy lines. Ogden discount rate, which has led to some improving safety trend, it was still not a good
deterioration over the year. The previous year for insurers as rising attrition and price
Prior year movement Lord Chancellor has announced that there reductions continued to thwart profitability.
The prior year movement was a release of may be a further change in the Ogden
21.1% (2016: 13.8%). This line continues to discount rate to between 0% and +1%, While overall pricing declined again in 2017,
generate reserve releases across both the however to date this has not materialised. market conditions were more stable in the
property and liability sectors. The level of This is following the reduction to the second half of the year with some evidence
reserve releases is supported by favourable discount rate to -0.75% announced in of an upturn in pricing in the final quarter, a
development on known claims. February 2017, which increased the key renewal period for many of the world’s
expected value of claims on prior years. major airlines.
Looking ahead The continued review of the process for
For upstream energy the oil price needs setting the rate increases the uncertainty Prior year movement
to recover further if income levels are to associated with future claims values. The The prior year movement was a
stabilise in the line. incidence of claims settled as periodic strengthening of 1.6% (2016: a release
payment orders (PPOs) also affects the of 22.2%).
With no contraction in available capacity level of uncertainty within this line, and this
for either offshore or onshore property may be expected to vary as a result of the The experience for this class has been
competition is expect to remain. However, Ogden discount rate change. broadly in line with expected over 2017,
with prior year loss deterioration for reflected in the small strengthening over
offshore property and high loss activity Looking ahead the year.
in 2017 and 2016 for onshore property, The Ogden discount rate is currently
conditions may exist for a hardening pricing subject to review by the Justice Secretary Looking ahead
environment in the short to medium term. but any potential changes are not expected Improving safety and two years of relatively
to be announced soon. Premiums will benign major loss activity have done little to
Motor continue to be inflated to cater for the curb the continuation of disappointing
-0.75% rate for the near future and the results. Exposure growth looks set to
Lloyd’s motor market primarily covers UK consequent increase of reinsurance costs. continue for the next few years, driven
private car, commercial and fleet business.
particularly by the emerging economies.
Private car represents around 35% of Future whiplash reforms should improve Combined with more advanced technology
Lloyd’s UK motor premium and includes attritional loss experience when they are and costs of repair, this will continue to
niche motor risks. Lloyd’s commercial and introduced in 2018 but the market could see drive higher levels of attrition, absent an
fleet business is very diverse, ranging from a short term increase in claim volumes from increase in deductibles.
light commercial vehicles and taxis to buses claimant solicitors keen to take advantage of
and heavy haulage. the existing regime. Further, the rising cost While market conditions in all aviation lines
of repair, driven by continued advancements are more stable, with capacity readily
International motor is also written; a large in vehicle technology will remain a challenge available and little sign yet of a marked
proportion emanating from North America, for insurers in all territories. withdrawal, they are likely to remain
including private auto and static risks such
challenging for insurers in 2018. Strict
as dealers open lot.
Aviation adherence to underwriting discipline and
rigorous application to actively managing
2017 performance Lloyd’s writes across all main business
the insurance portfolio are required in order
Gross written premium in 2017 was £1,057m sectors including airline, aerospace, general
to generate positive returns.
(2016: £1,047m), an increase of 1.0%. The aviation, space and war.
Lloyd’s motor line reported an accident year
ratio of 114.4% (2016: 108.9%). Airline (hull and liability) is the largest sector
but Lloyd’s is also actively involved in the
Underwriting conditions in the UK motor underwriting of general aviation (for example,
market continue to be challenging. While privately owned light aircraft, helicopters and
the market has seen pricing levels increase large private corporate jets), airport liability,
in 2017 following the Ogden discount rate aviation product manufacturers’ liability,
change in February 2017, this has not been aviation, war/terrorism and satellite launch
sufficient to correct performance which and in-orbit risks.
38 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Reinsurance
Property Gross written premium £m Combined ratio % Underwriting result £m
2013 4,930 2013 76.8 2013 846
2014 4,472 2014 77.0 2014 801
2015 4,627 2015 76.3 2015 794
2016 5,022 2016 91.8 2016 299
2017 5,991 2017 130.3 2017 (1,260)
Casualty Gross written premium £m Combined ratio % Underwriting result £m
2013 1,698 2013 88.3 2013 165
2014 1,779 2014 87.6 2014 187
2015 1,797 2015 100.0 2015 0
2016 2,096 2016 98.1 2016 33
2017 2,223 2017 102.1 2017 (39)
Specialty Gross written premium £m Combined ratio % Underwriting result £m
2013 2,349 2013 81.8 2013 310
2014 2,237 2014 86.5 2014 225
2015 2,169 2015 93.3 2015 110
2016 2,290 2016 87.7 2016 216
2017 2,346 2017 101.8 2017 (31)
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 39

Market Results
2017 Highlights
Insurance
Property Gross written premium £m Combined ratio % Underwriting result £m
2013 6,103 2013 85.0 2013 681
2014 6,274 2014 87.7 2014 558
2015 6,893 2015 90.1 2015 501
2016 7,988 2016 103.4 2016 (202)
2017 8,965 2017 127.6 2017 (1,757)
Casualty Gross written premium £m Combined ratio % Underwriting result £m
2013 4,850 2013 98.8 2013 47
2014 4,959 2014 98.1 2014 74
2015 5,764 2015 100.1 2015 (5)
2016 7,131 2016 102.7 2016 (146)
2017 8,464 2017 103.1 2017 (189)
Marine Gross written premium £m Combined ratio % Underwriting result £m
2013 2,195 2013 95.4 2013 84
2014 2,140 2014 95.2 2014 84
2015 2,245 2015 94.2 2015 108
2016 2,470 2016 106.2 2016 (129)
2017 2,506 2017 122.4 2017 (469)
40 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Energy Gross written premium £m Combined ratio % Underwriting result £m
2013 1,668 2013 83.0 2013 201
2014 1,532 2014 83.4 2014 181
2015 1,414 2015 76.0 2015 247
2016 1,110 2016 92.6 2016 59
2017 1,253 2017 86.6 2017 105
Motor Gross written premium £m Combined ratio % Underwriting result £m
2013 1,184 2013 108.6 2013 (87)
2014 1,213 2014 106.6 2014 (71)
2015 1,120 2015 102.0 2015 (17)
2016 1,047 2016 111.5 2016 (103)
2017 1,057 2017 122.3 2017 (188)
Aviation Gross written premium £m Combined ratio % Underwriting result £m
2013 562 2013 81.4 2013 90
2014 581 2014 102.7 2014 (10)
2015 587 2015 95.7 2015 19
2016 627 2016 84.7 2016 71
2017 687 2017 102.2 2017 (11)
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 41

Market Results
Statement of Council’s Responsibilities and Report
of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to the Council on the 2017
Pro Forma Financial Statements
Statement of Council’s responsibilities regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional
standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
The Pro Forma Financial Statements (PFFS) are prepared so
that the financial results of Lloyd’s and its members taken together
The PFFS have been compiled in part from an aggregation of
and their net assets can be compared as closely as possible with
financial information extracted from the balance sheet and profit and
general insurance companies.
loss account included in syndicate annual accounts by the managing
agent of each syndicate, which has been submitted to the Council
The Council is responsible for the preparation and approval of
and on which the auditors of each syndicate have reported. Our work
the PFFS.
did not involve assessing the quality of those audits or performing
any audit procedures over the financial information of the syndicates.
The maintenance and integrity of the Lloyd’s website is the
responsibility of the Council; the work carried out by the auditors
Our examination of the preparation of the PFFS consisted
does not involve consideration of these matters and, accordingly,
principally of:
the auditors accept no responsibility for any changes that may
have occurred to the financial statements since they were initially
— obtaining an understanding of how the Council has compiled
presented on the website.
the PFFS from the audited syndicate annual returns and
accounts, the audited Society of Lloyd’s Group Financial
Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the preparation and
Statements and members’ funds at Lloyd’s;
dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation
in other jurisdictions. — checking (on a sample basis) that the financial information
included in the PFFS was correctly extracted from the syndicate
Independent Reasonable Assurance annual accounts and the Society of Lloyd’s Financial Statements;
Report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP — evaluating evidence to support the existence and valuation of
members’ funds at Lloyd’s; and
to the Council
— evaluating the evidence supporting the adjustments made in the
Report on the preparation of the 2017 Lloyd’s Pro Forma
preparation of the PFFS and obtaining evidence that the PFFS
Financial Statements
have been prepared in accordance with the basis of preparation
Conclusion set out in the PFFS notes.
In our opinion the Council has prepared the Lloyd’s Pro Forma
Financial Statements (the “PFFS”) for the financial year ended The engagement also involves evaluating the overall presentation
31 December 2017, defined below, in all material respects in of the PFFS. We do not consider the appropriateness of the basis
accordance with the basis of preparation set out in note 2. of preparation of the PFFS.
This opinion is to be read in the context of what we say in the Responsibilities for the PFFS and the reasonable
remainder of this report. assurance engagement
Our responsibilities and those of the Council
What we have assured
The Council is responsible for the preparation and approval of
The PFFS, which are prepared by the Council of Lloyd’s, comprise: a the PFFS in accordance with the basis of preparation set out in
pro forma profit and loss account, a pro forma statement of other note 2. The purpose of the PFFS is to allow the financial results
comprehensive income, a pro forma balance sheet, a pro forma of Lloyd’s and its members and their net assets taken together
statement of cash flows, and notes 1 to 24. to be compared as closely as possible with the financial reports
of general insurance companies.
The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their
preparation is the basis of preparation set out in note 2. Our responsibility is to express an opinion about whether the
preparation of the PFFS has been performed by the Council on
Our assurance does not extend to information in respect of earlier the basis set out in note 2.
periods or to any other information included in the Lloyd’s Annual
Report within which the PFFS for the year ended 31 December 2017 This report including our conclusions has been prepared solely
are included. to the Council in accordance with our engagement letter dated
7 December 2017 (the “instructions”). Our examination has been
What a reasonable assurance engagement involves undertaken so that we might state to the Council those matters
We performed a reasonable assurance engagement in accordance which we are required to state in this report in accordance with
with International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 the instructions and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent
(Revised) – ‘Assurance Engagements other than Audits and permitted by law, we do not accept or assume any responsibility
Reviews of Historical Financial Information’, issued by the for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this report
International Auditing and Assurance Board. is shown or into whose hands it may come save where expressly
agreed by our prior consent in writing.
We applied the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and
Wales (ICAEW) Code of Ethics, which includes independence and
other requirements founded on fundamental principles of integrity,
objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality
and professional behaviour. We apply International Standard on Quality
Control (UK) and accordingly maintain a comprehensive system of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
quality control including documented policies and procedures London
20 March 2018
42 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Pro Forma Profit and Loss Account
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
2017 2016
Technical account Note £m £m £m £m
Gross written premiums 9 33,591 29,862
Outward reinsurance premiums (8,722) (6,796)
Premiums written, net of reinsurance 24,869 23,066
Change in the gross provision for unearned premiums (847) (723)
Change in the provision for unearned premiums, reinsurers’ share 476 317
(371) (406)
Earned premiums, net of reinsurance 24,498 22,660
Allocated investment return transferred from the non-technical account 732 713
25,230 23,373
Claims paid
Gross amount 18,292 13,913
Reinsurers’ share (3,634) (2,431)
14,658 11,482
Change in provision for claims
Gross amount 9,768 2,861
Reinsurers’ share (6,176) (1,356)
3,592 1,505
Claims incurred, net of reinsurance 18,250 12,987
Net operating expenses 11 9,669 9,205
Balance on the technical account for general business (2,689) 1,181
Non-technical account
Balance on the technical account for general business (2,689) 1,181
Investment return on syndicate assets 907 810
Notional investment return on members’ funds at Lloyd’s 6 722 363
Investment return on Society assets 171 172
12 1,800 1,345
Allocated investment return transferred to the technical account (732) (713)
1,068 632
(Loss)/profit on exchange (62) 578
Other income 42 77
Other expenses (360) (361)
Result for the financial year before tax 8 (2,001) 2,107
All operations relate to continuing activities.
Pro Forma Statement of Comprehensive Income
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
2017 2016
Statement of other comprehensive income Note £m £m
Result for the year (2,001) 2,107
Currency translation differences (69) 389
Other comprehensive losses in the syndicate annual accounts (2) –
Remeasurement gains/(losses) on pension assets/liabilities in the Society accounts 41 (111)
Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year 8 (2,031) 2,385
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 43

Market Results
Pro Forma Balance Sheet
(As at 31 December 2017)
2017 2016
Investments Note £m £m £m £m
Financial investments 13 55,765 55,354
Deposits with ceding undertakings 18 20
Reinsurers’ share of technical provisions
Provision for unearned premiums 18 3,372 3,110
Claims outstanding 18 16,811 11,310
20,183 14,420
Debtors
Debtors arising out of direct insurance operations 14 8,882 8,881
Debtors arising out of reinsurance operations 15 5,921 5,043
Other debtors 734 926
15,537 14,850
Other assets
Tangible assets 31 31
Cash at bank and in hand 16, 22 12,137 12,292
Other 72 81
12,240 12,404
Prepayments and accrued income
Accrued interest and rent 104 106
Deferred acquisition costs 18 4,304 4,278
Other prepayments and accrued income 245 170
4,653 4,554
Total assets 108,396 101,602
Capital, reserves, subordinated debt and securities
Members’ funds at Lloyd’s 6 24,579 21,703
Members’ balances 17 – 4,015
Members’ assets (held severally) 24,579 25,718
Central reserves (mutual assets) 2,188 1,996
8 26,767 27,714
Subordinated debt 2 793 495
Subordinated perpetual capital securities 2 – 388
Total capital, reserves, subordinated debt and securities 27,560 28,597
Technical provisions
Provision for unearned premiums 18 16,377 16,548
Claims outstanding 18 54,893 47,747
71,270 64,295
Deposits received from reinsurers 111 109
Creditors
Creditors arising out of direct insurance operations 20 955 772
Creditors arising out of reinsurance operations 21 5,929 4,670
Other creditors including taxation 1,781 2,415
8,665 7,857
Accruals and deferred income 790 744
Total liabilities 108,396 101,602
Approved by the Council on 20 March 2018 and signed on its behalf by
Bruce Carnegie-Brown Chairman Inga Beale Chief Executive Officer
44 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Pro Forma Statement of Cash Flows
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
2017 2016
Note £m £m
Result for the financial year before tax (2,001) 2,107
Increase/(decrease) in gross technical provisions 7,714 10,737
(Increase)/decrease in reinsurers’ share of gross technical provisions (5,930) (3,231)
(Increase)/decrease in debtors (1,920) (3,538)
Increase/(decrease) in creditors 1,596 2,540
Movement in other assets/liabilities 66 (645)
Investment return (1,800) (1,345)
Depreciation 8 10
Tax paid (51) (48)
Foreign exchange 1,057 (3,563)
Other (6) 2
Net cash flows from operating activities (1,267) 3,026
Investing activities
Purchase of equity and debt instruments (38,462) (41,931)
Sale of equity and debt instruments 39,631 41,594
Purchase of derivatives (69) (41)
Sale of derivatives 28 25
Investment income received 801 779
Other 171 (116)
Net cash flows from investing activities 2,100 310
Financing activities
Net profits paid to members (1,711) (2,217)
Net capital transferred into/(out of) syndicate premium trust funds 774 (138)
Sale of debt securities 298 –
Redemption of subordinated notes (392) –
Interest paid on subordinated notes (53) (53)
Net movement in members’ funds at Lloyd’s (123) 827
Other 21 (30)
Net cash flows from financing activities (1,186) (1,611)
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents (353) 1,725
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 14,631 12,566
Exchange differences on cash and cash equivalents (165) 340
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December 22 14,113 14,631
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 45

Market Results
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2017)
1. The Pro Forma Financial Statements (a) Aggregation
The Pro Forma Financial Statements (PFFS) are prepared so that The PFFS have not been prepared in accordance with full
the financial results of Lloyd’s and its members taken together and consolidation principles and do not present a consolidated view of
their net assets can be compared as closely as possible with the results of the Lloyd’s business taken as a single entity for the
general insurance companies. reasons detailed further below. However, the PFFS may be used as
a reasonable presentation of the results and state of affairs of the
2. Basis of preparation Lloyd’s market on a basis that is broadly comparable with general
insurance companies.
General
The PFFS have been prepared by aggregating audited financial
The syndicates’ financial information included in the PFFS has been
information reported in syndicate returns and annual accounts
prepared in accordance with the recognition and measurement
(Aggregate Accounts), members’ funds at Lloyd’s (FAL) and the
requirements of UK GAAP by reference to the accounting policies
financial statements of the Society of Lloyd’s on pages 120 to 169.
that are deemed most appropriate by the managing agents. Where
Having assessed the principal risks, the Council considered
different accounting policies have been selected by managing
it appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in
agents in preparing syndicate annual accounts, no adjustments
preparing the PFFS; the going concern and viability statement
are made to align the bases of recognition and measurement in
of the Society is included within the Society Report on pages 112
the PFFS. In addition, no adjustments are made to eliminate
to 113.
inter-syndicate transactions and balances except for those relating
to inter-syndicate loans and Special Purpose Arrangements (SPA).
The Aggregate Accounts report the audited results for calendar
Transactions between syndicates and the Society of Lloyd’s are
year 2017 and the financial position at 31 December 2017 for all life
eliminated in the PFFS. These adjustments are described below:
and non-life syndicates that transacted business during the year.
The results and net assets for life syndicates are not material and
Inter-syndicate loans
have not been separately disclosed in the profit and loss account
The syndicate annual accounts report debtor and creditor balances
and balance sheet. The results for life business are reported in the
for inter-syndicate loans totalling £122m (2016: £135m). These
segmental analysis (note 9). The Aggregate Accounts are reported
amounts have been eliminated from the amounts reported in the
as a separate document and can be viewed at lloyds.com/
balance sheet to provide a more meaningful presentation of the
financialresults. In order to provide more meaningful information
balance sheet for users of the PFFS (note 8).
in the Aggregate Accounts and PFFS, the Society has required
syndicates to report certain disclosures presented on a consistent
Special Purpose Arrangements (SPA)
basis, which may vary from presentation included in the individual
syndicates’ annual accounts. The Aggregate Accounts include the results and assets of the SPA
(see Glossary on inside back cover). Due to the nature of the SPA,
The profit and loss account in the PFFS aggregates the syndicate the quota share of the host syndicate’s business is reported as
results, the notional investment return on members’ capital and the gross written premiums in both the host syndicate and the SPA
results of the Society of Lloyd’s. The balance sheet in the PFFS annual accounts. This leads to an overstatement of the original
aggregates the assets and liabilities held at syndicate level, premiums written by the whole Lloyd’s market. To provide users
members’ assets held as FAL and the central resources of of the PFFS with a more meaningful presentation of the market’s
the Society. figures, all the transactions arising from the insurance contracts
between the SPA and host syndicates have been eliminated.
The PFFS have, where practicable, been prepared in accordance The key impact of this elimination is that gross written premium is
with United Kingdom Accounting Standards (UK Generally Accepted reduced by £589m (2016: £552m). The elimination does not affect
Accounting Practice (UK GAAP)), including Financial Reporting the PFFS result or the balance due to members. All other inter-
Standard 102 (FRS 102) and the applicable Accounting Standard on syndicate reinsurance arrangements are included in full.
insurance contracts Financial Reporting Standard 103 (FRS 103). In
preparing the PFFS, note disclosures have been included for those Transactions between syndicates and the Society
areas the Council consider material to enable the PFFS to depict a — Central Fund contributions, members’ subscriptions and other
comprehensive view of the financial results and position of the market charges levied by the Society are reported as net
Lloyd’s market and to enable comparison with general insurance operating expenses in the syndicate annual accounts and
companies, with the exception of the following items: as income in the Society financial statements.
— Use of the aggregation basis to prepare the PFFS;
— Notional investment return on members’ funds at Lloyd’s;
— The statement of changes in equity;
— Taxation; and
— Related party transactions.
46 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

— Central Fund claims and provisions to discharge the liability (d) Taxation
of members where they have unpaid cash calls, and do not The PFFS report the market’s result before tax. Members are
have the resources to meet those cash calls, are reported as a directly responsible for tax payable on their syndicate results and
profit and loss charge and balance sheet liability in the Society investment income on FAL. For consistency, the results of the
financial statements. The Central Fund’s other income includes Society are also included pre-tax in the profit and loss account.
recoveries from insolvent members. The syndicate annual The balance sheet in the Society financial statements includes
accounts for calendar year 2017 and earlier years include the Society’s own tax provision balances.
those members’ results and at the balance sheet date will
report the outstanding liability within members’ balances. (e) Related party transactions
— Loans funding statutory overseas deposits are reported as Individual syndicates or their members do not disclose details of
assets within the syndicate annual accounts and as liabilities insurance and/or reinsurance transactions with other (non-related)
in the Society financial statements. syndicates or members within the market. Therefore, analysis and/
or disclosure of these transactions within the Lloyd’s market in the
(b) Notional investment return on members’ funds PFFS is not possible. Other than the disclosures made in note 24,
at Lloyd’s (FAL) a more detailed related party transaction note is therefore not
A notional investment return on FAL has been estimated, which included within the PFFS. The annual accounts of each syndicate
is the equivalent of insurance companies generating investment or member provide, where appropriate, the required disclosures
return on the capital that they hold to support their underwriting. on related parties. The related party transactions of the Society
Where Lloyd’s is the investment manager for FAL, the actual are disclosed in note 26 on page 168 of the Society Report.
return achieved has been included. For other assets the notional
investment return, net of management fees, is estimated on the Members’ funds at Lloyd’s (FAL)
average value of FAL during the year, based on yields from indices FAL comprise the capital provided by members, which is generally
for each type of asset held. The typical investment return on bank held centrally, to support their underwriting, and are the equivalent
deposits has been applied to FAL, provided as letters of credit or of capital shown in insurance companies’ accounts. The valuation
bank guarantees. The actual return achieved on FAL investments of FAL has, therefore, been included in the pro forma balance sheet.
will differ from the notional return due to individual stocks held, daily FAL is available to meet cash calls made on the member in respect
cash flows and transactional charges. Notional investment return of a syndicate. The assets in FAL must be readily realisable and may
on FAL is reported in the non-technical account. include letters of credit and bank and other guarantees.
Due to the estimation of the notional investment return, movements The total resources, including FAL, for members writing ongoing
in FAL recorded within the financing section of the statement of insurance must be at least equivalent to the aggregate of the
cash flows is comprised of both cash and non-cash activity. member’s Economic Capital Assessment (ECA) requirement and
certain liabilities in respect of its underwriting business. Each
(c) Statement of changes in equity member’s ECA to support its underwriting at Lloyd’s is determined
Where Lloyd’s is not the investment manager for FAL, actual using Lloyd’s Solvency Capital Requirement to ultimate capital
changes are not available and therefore a statement of changes in setting methodology.
equity has not been included. However, a statement of changes in
members’ balances has been included in note 17, which, along with Subordinated debt and securities
the Society’s Group statement of changes in equity (on page 123), In accordance with the terms of the Society’s subordinated debt
represents the changes in equity of the other components of and securities, the capital raised is available for payment to
the PFFS. policyholders in advance of repayment to the note holders and is
included in ‘capital, reserves and subordinated debt and securities’
in the pro forma balance sheet. Note 21 to the Society financial
statements on page 164 provides additional information.
Society of Lloyd’s financial statements
The PFFS include the results and net assets reported in the
consolidated financial statements of the Society of Lloyd’s
prepared in accordance with UK GAAP, comprising the financial
statements of the Society of Lloyd’s and all its subsidiary
undertakings, the Lloyd’s Central Fund and the Society’s interest
in associates.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 47

Market Results
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2017)
3. Accounting policies notes Unearned premiums
Sources of significant accounting judgements Written premiums are recognised as earned according to the risk
and estimation uncertainty profile of the policy. Unearned premiums represent the proportion
of premiums written in the year that relate to unexpired terms of
The PFFS aggregates judgements, estimates and assumptions
policies in force at the balance sheet date, calculated on the basis of
made by managing agents in respect of syndicate balances, and
established earnings patterns or time apportioned as appropriate.
the Council, in respect of the Society of Lloyd’s and Funds at Lloyd’s
balances. These judgements, estimates and assumptions affect the
Outward reinsurance premiums
application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from Outward reinsurance premiums comprise the cost of reinsurance
these estimates. arrangements placed and are accounted for in the same accounting
period as the related insurance contracts. The provision for
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing reinsurers’ share of unearned premiums represents that part
basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the of reinsurance premium ceded that is estimated to be earned
period in which the estimate is revised and in any future periods in following financial years.
affected. In particular, information about significant areas of
estimation uncertainty and critical judgements in applying Claims provisions and related recoveries
accounting policies that have the most significant effect on the Gross claims incurred comprise the estimated cost of all claims
amounts recognised in the PFFS are described in the following occurring during the year, whether reported or not, including related
accounting policies: direct and indirect claims handling costs and adjustments to claims
outstanding from previous years.
— Claims provisions and related recoveries (including provision
for outstanding claims) (see note 3(a) and note 18); The provision for claims outstanding is assessed on an individual
case basis and is based on the estimated ultimate cost of all claims
— Premiums written (estimates for premiums written under
notified but not settled by the balance sheet date, together with
delegated authority agreements) (see note 3(a) and note 9);
the provision for related claims handling costs. The provision also
— Investments (valuations based on models and unobservable
includes the estimated cost of claims incurred but not reported
inputs) (see note 3(a) and note 13); and
(IBNR) at the balance sheet date based on statistical methods.
— Notional investment return on FAL (estimate based on yields
from indices for each type of asset held) (see note 2(b), note These methods generally involve projecting from past experience
3(b) and note 6). of the development of claims over time to form a view of the likely
ultimate claims to be experienced for more recent underwriting,
The most critical accounting estimate included within the balance having regard to variations in the business accepted and the
sheet is the estimate for outstanding claims. The total estimate, underlying terms and conditions. For the most recent years, where
net of reinsurers’ share, as at 31 December 2017 is £38,082m (2016: a high degree of volatility arises from projections, estimates may
£36,437m) and is included within the pro forma balance sheet. be based in part on output from rating and other models of the
business accepted and assessments of underwriting conditions.
(a) Aggregate accounts The amount of salvage and subrogation recoveries is separately
General identified and, where material, reported as an asset.
Under the Insurance Accounts Directive (Lloyd’s Syndicate and
Aggregate Accounts) Regulations 2008, as amended by The The reinsurers’ share of provisions for claims is based on the
Statutory Auditors and Third Country Auditors Regulations 2017, amounts of outstanding claims and projections for IBNR, net of
managing agents must prepare syndicate annual accounts under estimated irrecoverable amounts, having regard to the reinsurance
UK GAAP. However, where UK GAAP permits different accounting programme in place for the line of business, the claims experience
treatments, each managing agent is able to adopt the accounting for the year and the current security rating of the reinsurers
policies it considers most appropriate to its syndicate. The following involved. Statistical techniques are used to assist in making these
accounting policies are, therefore, an overview of the policies estimates. The two most critical assumptions as regards claims
generally adopted by syndicates. provisions are that the past is a reasonable predictor of the likely
level of future claims development and that the rating and other
Premiums written models used for current business are fair reflections of the likely
level of ultimate claims to be incurred. The Directors of each
Premiums written represent premiums on business incepting
syndicate’s managing agent consider that the provisions for gross
during the year, together with adjustments for premiums written in
claims and related reinsurance recoveries are fairly stated on the
previous accounting periods. Premiums written are stated before
basis of the information currently available to them.
deduction of commissions but net of taxes, duties levied on
premiums and other deductions.
48 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

However, the ultimate liability will vary as a result of subsequent Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of
information and events, which may result in significant adjustments transactions and from the translation at period end exchange rates
to the amounts provided. Adjustments to the amounts of claims of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
provisions established in prior years are reflected in the financial are recognised in the non-technical account.
statements for the period in which the adjustments are made. The
methods used, and the estimates made, are reviewed regularly. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement
of transactions and from the translation at period end exchange
Additional information on insurance risk is disclosed in note 4. rates of non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
currencies are recognised in other comprehensive income for those
Discounted claims provisions items where the gain or loss is required to be recognised within
Due to the long delay between the inception date of the policy and other comprehensive income, and in the non-technical account
the final settlement of the claim, the outstanding claims provisions where the gain or loss is required to be recognised within profit
are discounted to take account of the expected investment income or loss.
receivable between inception and settlement on the assets held to
cover the provisions. This is only applicable to the syndicates that Investments
discount their claims provisions. Investments are stated at fair value at the balance sheet date.
For this purpose, listed investments are stated at their bid price
Unexpired risks provision market value, and deposits with credit institutions and international
A provision for unexpired risks is made where claims and related deposits are stated at cost, less any provision for impairment.
expenses arising after the end of the financial period in respect of
contracts concluded before that date are expected to exceed the Unlisted investments for which a market exists are stated at the
unearned premiums under these contracts, after the deduction of average price at which they are traded on the balance sheet date
any acquisition costs deferred. or the last trading day before that date.
The provision for unexpired risks is calculated at syndicate level by Syndicate investment return
reference to lines of business that are managed together, and may Syndicate investment return comprises all investment income,
take into account relevant investment return. realised investment gains and losses and movements in unrealised
gains and losses, net of investment expenses, charges and interest.
Acquisition costs
Acquisition costs, comprising commission and other costs related Realised gains and losses on investments carried at market value
to the acquisition of new insurance contracts are deferred to the are calculated as the difference between sale proceeds and
extent that they are attributable to premiums unearned at the purchase price.
balance sheet date.
Unrealised gains and losses on investments represent the
Foreign currencies difference between the valuation at the balance sheet date and
The Council considers that the functional currency and the the valuation at the previous balance sheet date, or purchase price,
presentational currency of the PFFS and Aggregate Accounts if acquired during the year, together with the reversal of unrealised
is sterling. Notwithstanding this, a number of syndicates are now gains and losses recognised in earlier accounting periods in
using US dollar functional currency for their reporting. In the respect of investment disposals in the current period.
context of the PFFS and Aggregate Accounts the Council views
this to be the equivalent of a group which has different operating Syndicate investment return is initially recorded in the non-
units with a mix of functional currencies. technical account. A transfer is made from the non-technical
account to the general business technical account where the
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional investments generating the return relate to insurance business.
currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the
Taxation
transactions, or the average rate may be used when this is a
reasonable approximation. Under Schedule 19 of the Finance Act 1993, managing agents are
not required to deduct basic rate income tax from trading income.
At each period end foreign currency monetary items are translated In addition, all UK basic rate income tax deducted from syndicate
using the closing rate. For this purpose all assets and liabilities investment income is recoverable by managing agents and
arising from insurance contracts (including unearned premiums, consequently the distribution made to members or their members’
deferred acquisition costs and unexpired risks provisions) are agents is gross of tax. Capital appreciation falls within trading
monetary items. income and is also distributed gross of tax.
No provision has been made for any United States Federal Income
Tax payable on underwriting results or investment earnings. Any
payments on account made by the syndicate during the year are
included in the balance sheet under the heading ‘other debtors’.
No provision has been made for any international tax payable by
members on underwriting results.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 49

Market Results
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2017)
3. Accounting policies notes continued 4. Risk management
Operating expenses Governance framework
Operating expenses (including pension and other staff costs) The following governance structure relates to the Society of Lloyd’s
have been charged to the syndicates in accordance with the as a whole, as the preparer of the PFFS. Individual syndicates will
policies adopted by the managing agents. report in their syndicate annual accounts the governance structure
applied to them by their managing agents.
Profit commission
Where profit commission is charged by the managing agent it will An Act of Parliament, the Lloyd’s Act 1982, defines the governance
normally be fully paid once the appropriate year of account closes, structure and rules under which Lloyd’s operates. Under the Act,
normally at 36 months. The profit commission is accrued in the the Council is responsible for the management and supervision
profit and loss account in accordance with the earned profit. of the market. Lloyd’s is regulated by the Prudential Regulation
Authority (PRA) and Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) under
Managing agents may make payments on account of their the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000.
anticipated profit commission from the syndicate premiums trust
funds prior to the closure of a year of account where they have The Council normally has six working, six external and six
transferred open year surpluses (interim profits) from the syndicate nominated members. The working and external members are
level premiums trust funds to the members’ personal reserve fund. elected by Lloyd’s members. The Chairman and Deputy Chairmen
Any payments on account of such commission are restricted to the are elected annually by the Council from among its members.
profit commission expensed in the profit and loss account in striking All members are approved by the PRA.
the level of interim profits declared and subsequently released.
The Council can discharge some of its functions directly by
Cash at bank and in hand making decisions and issuing resolutions, requirements, rules
Cash at bank and in hand includes cash in hand, deposits held and byelaws. Other decisions are delegated to the Board and
at call with banks, other short term highly liquid investments with associated committees.
original maturities of three months or less and bank overdrafts.
Bank overdrafts, when applicable, are shown within borrowings The Board is responsible for the day to day management of
in current liabilities. the Lloyd’s market. It lays down guidelines for all syndicates and
operates a business planning and monitoring process to safeguard
Comparative disclosures high standards of underwriting and risk management, thereby
improving sustainable profitability and enhancing the financial
Certain comparative balances have been reclassified to be
strength of the market.
consistent with current year presentation.
The principal committees of the Council are the Nominations and
(b) Member’s funds at Lloyd’s (FAL)
Governance Committee and the Remuneration Committee.
FAL is valued in accordance with their market value at the year end,
and using year end exchange rates. Investments are stated at fair
The principal committees of the Board are the Audit Committee, the
value at the balance sheet date. For this purpose, listed investments
Risk Committee, the Market Supervision and Review Committee,
are stated at their bid price market value, and deposits with credit
the Capacity Transfer Panel and the Investment Committee.
institutions and international deposits are stated at cost. Unlisted
investments for which a market exists are stated at the average
Capital management objectives, policies and approach
price at which they are traded on the balance sheet date or the last
Capital framework at Lloyd’s
trading day before that date. Letters of credit are stated at the
amount guaranteed by the issuing credit institution. The Society of Lloyd’s (Lloyd’s) is a regulated undertaking and
subject to the supervision of the Prudential Regulation Authority
As disclosed in the basis of preparation a notional investment return (PRA) under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. Within
on FAL is estimated, which is recognised in the non-technical account. this supervisory framework, Lloyd’s applies capital requirements
at member level and centrally to ensure that Lloyd’s complies with
Members that only participate on one syndicate may hold the Solvency II, and beyond that to meet its own financial strength,
capital supporting their underwriting in their syndicate’s premium licence and ratings objectives.
trust funds. Where a member takes advantage of this facility, the
capital held in the premium trust fund is reported within members’ Although, as described below, Lloyd’s capital setting processes use
balances and the investment return retained within the non- a capital requirement set at syndicate level as a starting point, the
technical account. requirement to meet Solvency II and Lloyd’s capital requirements
apply at overall and member level only respectively, not at syndicate
(c) Society of Lloyd’s level. Accordingly, the capital requirements in respect of individual
syndicates are not disclosed in these financial statements.
The accounting policies adopted in the Society of Lloyd’s financial
statements are set out on pages 120 to 169. No adjustments have
been made to the information incorporated into the PFFS as the
Council do not consider there to be any material accounting policy
differences between the existing IFRS accounting policies and the
recognition and measurement requirements of UK GAAP.
50 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Lloyd’s capital setting process Individual syndicates are also required to calculate a SCR,
In order to meet Lloyd’s requirements, each syndicate is required at a 99.5% confidence level over a one year horizon, for each
to calculate its Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) for the underwriting year; this drives the determination of member level
prospective underwriting year. This amount must be sufficient SCRs. Each member’s SCR is derived as the sum of the member’s
to cover a 1 in 200 year loss, reflecting uncertainty in the ultimate share of the syndicate’s one year SCR. Where a member
run-off of underwriting liabilities (SCR ‘to ultimate’). The SCRs participates on more than one syndicate, a credit for diversification
of each syndicate are subject to review by Lloyd’s and approval is provided to reflect the spread of risk.
by the Lloyd’s Capital and Planning Group.
The MWSCR and CSCR are derived from the Lloyd’s Internal Model
A syndicate may be comprised of one or more underwriting (LIM), which has been approved by the PRA. Individual syndicates
member of Lloyd’s. Each member is liable for its own share of also derive SCRs from their own internal models that are subject
underwriting liabilities on the syndicate(s) on which it is to approval by the Lloyd’s Capital and Planning Group. The
participating but not other members’ shares. Accordingly, the appropriateness of each syndicate’s internal model, including
capital requirement that Lloyd’s sets for each member operates on changes thereto and the reasonableness of the key assumptions
a several basis. Each member’s SCR shall thus be determined by are assessed as part of Lloyd’s oversight of the Lloyd’s market.
the sum of the member’s share of the syndicate SCR ‘to ultimate’.
Where a member participates on more than one syndicate, a credit The Lloyd’s Internal Model
for diversification is provided to reflect the spread of risk, but The LIM is a purpose-built model designed to calculate the MWSCR
consistent with determining an SCR that reflects the capital and CSCR as required under Solvency II. It covers all risk types and
requirement to cover a 1 in 200 year loss ‘to ultimate’ for that all material risks for the aggregation of syndicates as well as for the
member. Over and above this, Lloyd’s applies a capital uplift to the Corporation, allowing for the unique capital structure of Lloyd’s. The
member’s capital requirement to determine the Economic Capital LIM consists of three main components: the Lloyd’s Investment Risk
Assessment (ECA). The purpose of this uplift, which is a Lloyd’s not Model (LIRM), which simulates economic variables and total assets
a Solvency II requirement, is to meet Lloyd’s financial strength, returns; the Lloyd’s Catastrophe Model (LCM), which models
licence and ratings objectives. The capital uplift applied for 2017 catastrophe risk using syndicates’ views of risk; and the Capital
was 35% of the member’s SCR ‘to ultimate’. Calculation Kernel (CCK), which is the main element of the LIM
where all other risks are simulated and all risks are combined.
Solvency Capital Requirement (Solvency II basis)
The SCR represents the amount of capital required to withstand Syndicates calculate their own SCR, however, the market wide
a 1 in 200 year loss event over a 12 month horizon. Given Lloyd’s and central capital requirements are derived from Lloyd’s
unique structure there are two SCRs that are monitored under parameterisation at a whole market level to build a view of total
the Solvency II regime: market capital requirements from the ground up using market
level assumptions. The LIM uses a methodology whereby losses
The Lloyd’s market wide SCR (MWSCR) is calculated to cover all from insurance and other risks are simulated by line of business,
of the risks of ‘the association of underwriters known as Lloyd’s’, allocated to syndicates and through to members to assess the level
ie those arising on syndicate activity, members’ capital provided of capital required by the market and centrally to meet 1 in 200 year
at Lloyd’s and the Society taken together, at a 99.5% confidence losses over the one year time horizon.
level over a one year time horizon as provided for in Solvency II
legislation. All of the capital of the component parts of the market Syndicates are the source of the majority of risks. They source all
taken together are available to meet the MWSCR. of the insurance business; manage the bulk of the asset portfolios;
hold the majority of the counterparty exposures; and conduct most
The Lloyd’s central SCR (CSCR) is calculated in respect of only of the day to day operational activity. The syndicate risks include:
the risks facing the Society and the Central Fund at the same Insurance risk (underwriting, reserving and catastrophe risk);
confidence level and time horizon used to calculate the MWSCR. Market risk on central assets; Market risk on syndicate assets
(including credit risk on Premiums Trust Funds (PTF)); Reinsurance
The material risk is that members do not have sufficient funds to and other credit risk; and Syndicate operational risk. At the Central
meet their underwriting losses even having complied with Lloyd’s level, additional risks arise from central operational risk and pension
rigorous capital setting rules. fund risk.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 51

Market Results
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2017)
4. Risk management continued Lloyd’s current level of aggregate market reserves remains robust
and the continued level of overall reserve releases are supported
Details of the major risk components are set out below.
by underlying claims experience being more favourable than
expected. This will not necessarily translate to all syndicates.
Insurance risk
There are currently few specific reserving issues and the main
The dominant category of risk faced by Lloyd’s syndicates is
perceived risks relate to macro influences such as inflation or
insurance risk. This is the risk arising from the inherent uncertainties
changes in legislation, or prescribed levels of payout. Lloyd’s
as to the occurrence, amount and timing of insurance liabilities.
analyses reserve developments at line of business and syndicate
In practice, insurance risk can be subdivided into:
levels quarterly; and briefs the market on issues it considers need
to be taken into account.
(i) underwriting risk;
(ii) reserving risk;
Case-specific claim reserves should make financial provision
(iii credit risk; and
at reported loss levels, without prejudice to coverage.
(iv) catastrophe risk.
Legal advisers’, underwriters’ and loss adjusters’ judgement
Underwriting risk
are used to set the estimated case reserves.
This includes the risk that a policy will be written for too low a
premium, provide inappropriate cover, or that the frequency or Reserving processes use a variety of statistical analyses such as
severity of insured events will be higher than expected. projections of historical loss development patterns, with results
adjusted for expert judgement. Lloyd’s syndicates have significant
Underwriting strategy is agreed by the Board of each managing exposure to volatile lines of business that carry material inherent
agent and set out in the syndicate business plan that is submitted risk that the ultimate claims settlement will vary from previous
to the Corporation for approval each year. Approval of business assessments of reserves.
plans – and setting the capital requirements needed to support
these plans – is the key control the Corporation uses to manage Syndicates’ reserves are annually subject to a formal independent
underwriting risk. actuarial opinion and are monitored by the Corporation. The
actuarial opinions are covered by a combination of formal Actuarial
The Corporation reviews each syndicate business plan to ensure Professional Standards and specific Lloyd’s guidance and rules.
it meets Lloyd’s standards and is consistent with the capabilities
of the managing agent. Once a plan is agreed, the Corporation Credit risk
uses performance management data to identify whether each
The market’s principal credit risk is that the reinsurance purchased
syndicate’s business performance is progressing in line with the
to protect the syndicate’s gross losses does not respond as
business plan or that variations are understood and accepted.
expected. This can occur because the reinsurer is unable to settle
its liabilities. Managing agents are expected to have a clear and
The managing agents’ underwriting controls should ensure that
comprehensive plan for the reinsurance of each syndicate. This
underwriting is aligned with their strategy, agreed business plan
takes into account risk appetite for retained insurance risk and the
and underwriting policy.
potential for the accumulation of risk.
Managing agents are expected to have controls in place to ensure
The managing agent should monitor and assess the security of, and
that regulatory requirements and the scope of Lloyd’s market
exposure to, each reinsurer and intermediary. Reinsurance credit
licences are clearly understood and that risks are written within
risk is subject to quarterly review by Lloyd’s.
those requirements.
Catastrophe risk
Managing agents need to have clear processes for pricing business
Catastrophe risk is the risk of loss occurring across all lines of
and an audit trail to show how pricing will deliver the projected
business from worldwide natural catastrophe events. Managing
results within the approved business plan and how pricing will be
agents may use catastrophe modelling software, where
managed over the relevant underwriting cycle.
appropriate, to monitor aggregate exposure to catastrophe losses.
The Corporation has developed a suite of Realistic Disaster
Reserving risk
Scenarios to measure syndicate level and aggregate market
Reserving risk arises where the reserves established in the balance
exposure to both natural catastrophes and man-made losses.
sheet are not adequate to meet eventual claims arising. The level
These are monitored frequently and syndicates supply projected
of uncertainty varies significantly across lines of business but
probabilistic exceedance forecasts for Lloyd’s key exposures with
can arise from inadequate reserves for known or Incurred But
their capital and business plans. Further enhancements to the
Not Reported Claims (IBNR). These shortfalls can arise from
monitoring and oversight of aggregate market catastrophe risk
inadequate reserving processes or from the naturally uncertain
exposure have been implemented within the approved internal
progress of insurance events.
model under Solvency II.
52 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Lloyd’s MWSCR
The MWSCR is broken down into the various risk components as shown below.
31 December 31 December
2017* 2016
SCR SCR
£m £m
Reserving risk 6,183 3,421
All other (attritional) underwriting risk 5,733 6,008
Catastrophe risk 3,923 5,129
Market risk 181 293
Reinsurance credit risk 523 885
Operational risk 728 645
Pension risk 14 23
MWSCR before adjustments 17,285 16,404
Foreign exchange adjustment for movement in H2 2017 (H2 2016) (335) 796
MWSCR 16,950 17,200
Solvency Capital Requirement coverage
Coverage of the MWSCR and CSCR is an ongoing and continuous requirement and Lloyd’s reports the results of its solvency test – ie the
amount of the MWSCR, eligible assets to cover it and the solvency ratio – on a quarterly basis to the PRA. Lloyd’s solvency coverage for
both MWSCR and CSCR are set out below.
Lloyd’s MWSCR
144%
31 December 2016 £17,200m £7,564m £1,932m £26,696m
31 December 2017* £16,950m £7,429m £1,919m £26,298m
144%
0 50 100 150 200 250
SCR Eligible assets in excess of the SCR Ineligible assets
Lloyd’s CSCR
215%
31 December 2016 £1,600m £1,833m £3,433m
31 December 2017* £1,600m £1,845m £133m £3,578m
215%
0 50 100 150 200 250 300
SCR Eligible assets in excess of the SCR Ineligible assets
* Represents the position based on the unaudited solvency returns, which may differ from the final audited 2017 submissions.
In addition to the quarterly reporting to the PRA, internal risk appetites have been set to monitor the coverage of the MWSCR and CSCR as
part of the risk management framework in place at Lloyd’s. During 2017, the solvency coverage ratios for both the MWSCR and the CSCR
were in excess of internal risk appetites and regulatory requirements.
— MWSCR: The Society aims to hold capital sufficient to provide financial security to policyholders and capital efficiency to investors
(or ‘members’). Members are required to put up funds to meet their ECA, which is set as their SCR (on an ultimate view of risk) plus an
uplift of 35%. Lloyd’s does not require excess capital to be held above this level and considers that the risk appetite of 125% of SCR
gives an appropriate buffer following diversification benefits. In the event that the capital put up by a member falls below their ECA
through losses incurred or an increase in their risk profile, additional funds must be deposited. If members do not recapitalise, their
authority to continue to trade is restricted to the level of their available capital or ultimately fully withdrawn and they cease trading.
Such action would then reduce their risk and the aggregate MWSCR.
— CSCR: All policies written at Lloyd’s are supported by central assets, which underpin the financial strength ratings of the Lloyd’s
market and its international licence network. Accordingly, the risk appetite for 200% CSCR coverage reflects the prudent approach
to maintaining adequate central assets to meet a 1 in 200 year event and be in position to continue to write new business.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 53

Market Results
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2017)
4. Risk management continued
MWSCR CSCR
Solvency cover ratios coverage coverage
31 December 2017* 144% 215%
31 December 2016 144% 215%
Risk appetite for solvency cover ratio 125% 200%
* Based on the unaudited solvency returns.
Assets eligible for solvency
The assets of the syndicates, members’ FAL and the Society of Lloyd’s all contribute towards coverage of the MWSCR, after adjustments
to value items in accordance with Solvency II valuation principles. The Society of Lloyd’s assets and callable layer, in the chain of security,
are available to cover the central SCR.
The eligibility of assets to cover the SCR under Solvency II is determined by a tiering test. Tier 1 assets are fully available to cover the SCR
while Tier 2 and Tier 3 assets in aggregate can cover up to 50% of the SCR. The majority of the assets available to cover the MWSCR are
Tier 1, however, a proportion of members’ FAL is provided in the form of Letters of Credit (LOCs) which are classed as Tier 2 assets,
restricting their ability to cover the MWSCR and resulting in a lower solvency cover ratio. These LOCs are callable on demand and when
called, the proceeds, namely cash, would qualify as Tier 1 assets. Under these circumstances, the amounts previously restricted would
become fully eligible.
Lloyd’s MWSCR
26,298 24,379
30,000 793*
25
25,000 2,188 (611) (651) 10,369
24,579 (1,919)
20,000
8,475
15,000 15,904 15,904
10,000
5,000
0
Subordinated debt Solvency valuation Net profits to Tier 3 Deduction for ineligible Assets eligible
Central assets adjustments be distributed Tier 2 Tier 2 and 3 for solvency
Members assets Tier 1
Lloyd’s CSCR
3,578 3,445
4,000
25
1,996*
3,500 597 908
(133) 800
3,000
793*
2,500 2,645 2,645
2,000 2,188*
1,500
1,000
500
2,880
0
Subordinated debt Solvency valuation Tier 3 Deduction for ineligible Assets eligible
Central assets adjustments Tier 2 Tier 2 and 3 for solvency
Members assets Tier 1
* Per 31 December 2017 balance sheet. Other amounts represent the position based on the unaudited solvency returns, which may differ from the final audited 2017 submissions.
54 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Claims development table
The tables below illustrate the development of the estimates of earned ultimate cumulative claims for syndicates in aggregate after the end
of the underwriting year, illustrating how amounts estimated have changed from the first estimates made. Non-sterling balances have been
converted using 2017 year end exchange rates to aid comparability. As these tables are on an underwriting year basis there is an apparent
jump from figures for the end of the underwriting year to one year later as a large proportion of premiums are earned in the year of account’s
second year of development.
Advantage has been taken of the transitional rules of FRS 103 that permit the stepped increase in disclosure of claims development
information. The claims development information disclosed will be increased from seven years to ten years over the period 2018-2020.
Gross
2010 and
prior years 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 Total
Underwriting year £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
At end of underwriting year 9,791 8,936 7,619 7,806 7,503 8,649 16,707
One year later 16,271 14,395 14,313 14,949 15,744 19,459
Two years later 16,469 14,875 14,709 15,974 16,629
Three years later 16,499 14,652 14,408 15,866
Four years later 16,467 14,654 14,170
Five years later 16,315 14,501
Six years later 16,204
Cumulative payments (14,326) (11,782) (10,706) (10,557) (8,885) (6,752) (2,829)
Estimated balance to pay 7,194 1,878 2,719 3,464 5,309 7,744 12,707 13,878 54,893
Net
2010 and
prior years 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 Total
Underwriting year £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
At end of underwriting year 7,941 6,891 6,331 6,388 6,389 7,134 9,747
One year later 12,989 11,672 11,978 12,195 13,107 14,934
Two years later 13,018 11,970 12,140 12,870 13,720
Three years later 13,041 11,827 11,866 12,801
Four years later 13,071 11,644 11,677
Five years later 12,763 11,546
Six years later 12,532
Cumulative payments (11,117) (9,421) (8,943) (8,862) (7,653) (5,727) (2,212)
Estimated balance to pay 5,060 1,415 2,125 2,734 3,939 6,067 9,207 7,535 38,082
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 55

Market Results
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2017)
4. Risk management continued
Financial risk
Credit risk
Credit risk is the exposure to loss if a counterparty fails to perform its contractual obligations.
As discussed on page 52, the market’s principal credit risk is that the reinsurance purchased to protect the syndicate’s gross losses does
not respond as expected. Syndicates are also exposed to credit risk in their premium debtors. Credit risk in respect of premium debt is
controlled through broker approval and regular monitoring of premium settlement performance. Syndicates and members are exposed
to credit risks in their investment portfolios. PRA and Lloyd’s investment guidelines are designed to mitigate credit risk by ensuring
diversification of holdings.
The carrying amount of financial assets and reinsurance assets represents the maximum credit risk exposure.
The tables below show the maximum exposure to credit risk for the components of the balance sheet. The maximum exposure is shown
gross, before the effect of mitigation through collateral agreements and the use of credit derivatives.
Neither past
due nor
impaired Past due Impaired Total
2017 £m £m £m £m
Debt securities 37,193 – 4 37,197
Participation in investment pools 2,118 – – 2,118
Loans with credit institutions 1,050 – – 1,050
Deposits with credit institutions 5,791 – – 5,791
Derivative assets 75 – – 75
Other investments 60 – – 60
Reinsurers’ share of claims outstanding 16,811 – – 16,811
Cash at bank and in hand, including letters of credit and bank guarantees 12,137 – – 12,137
Total 75,235 – 4 75,239
Neither past
due nor
impaired Past due Impaired Total
2016 £m £m £m £m
Debt securities 38,213 – 3 38,216
Participation in investment pools 1,863 – – 1,863
Loans with credit institutions 904 – – 904
Deposits with credit institutions 5,115 – – 5,115
Derivative assets 56 – – 56
Other investments 67 – – 67
Reinsurers’ share of claims outstanding 11,289 21 – 11,310
Cash at bank and in hand, including letters of credit and bank guarantees 12,292 – – 12,292
Total 69,799 21 3 69,823
In aggregate there are no financial assets that would be past due or impaired whose terms have been renegotiated held by syndicates,
the Society or within FAL.
In aggregate there were no material debt and fixed income assets held that were past due or impaired beyond their reported fair values,
either for the current period under review or on a cumulative basis. For the current period and prior period, in aggregate there were no
material defaults on debt securities.
Assets held as collateral comprise cash and debt securities received as collateral against reinsurance assets transferred from
syndicates’ reinsurers.
56 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

The table below provides information regarding the credit risk exposure at 31 December 2017 by classifying assets according to the credit
ratings of the counterparties. AAA is the highest possible rating. Assets that fall outside the range of AAA to BBB are classified as other.
Debtors, other than amounts due from reinsurers, have been excluded from the table as these are not rated. This table is the sum of assets
neither past due nor impaired.
Rated Rated Rated Rated
AAA AA A BBB Other Total
2017 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Debt securities 9,379 10,143 9,514 4,827 3,330 37,193
Participation in investment pools 187 66 130 8 1,727 2,118
Loans with credit institutions 473 76 126 54 321 1,050
Deposits with credit institutions 1,592 554 508 257 2,880 5,791
Derivative assets – 1 5 5 64 75
Other investments 33 5 – – 22 60
Reinsurers’ share of claims outstanding 278 3,868 10,781 40 1,844 16,811
Cash at bank and in hand 176 2,207 8,811 478 465 12,137
Total credit risk 12,118 16,920 29,875 5,669 10,653 75,235
Rated Rated Rated Rated
AAA AA A BBB Other Total
2016 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Debt securities 10,168 11,473 9,377 4,352 2,843 38,213
Participation in investment pools 360 127 108 6 1,262 1,863
Loans with credit institutions 164 209 102 18 411 904
Deposits with credit institutions 1,462 644 394 221 2,394 5,115
Derivative assets – 5 12 1 38 56
Other investments 6 11 29 – 21 67
Reinsurers’ share of claims outstanding 126 3,185 7,032 60 886 11,289
Cash at bank and in hand 152 1,775 9,333 654 378 12,292
Total credit risk 12,438 17,429 26,387 5,312 8,233 69,799
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk arises where there are insufficient funds to meet liabilities, particularly claims. Managing agents are expected to manage the
cash needs of their syndicates on an ongoing basis and to avoid becoming forced sellers of assets. They are required to match the duration
of their syndicates’ investments with the liabilities to policyholders. Generally, syndicates have a high concentration of liquid assets, namely
cash and government securities.
Lloyd’s centrally monitors syndicate liquidity, both in terms of asset mix and future funding needs, and conducts stress tests to monitor
the impact on liquidity of significant claims events.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 57

Market Results
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2017)
4. Risk management continued
The table below summarises the maturity profile of financial liabilities for the market.
No stated
maturity 0-1 yr 1-3yr 3-5yr >5 yr Total
2017 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Claims outstanding 1 18,410 19,890 8,328 8,264 54,893
Derivatives – 20 – – – 20
Deposits received from reinsurers 31 61 12 7 – 111
Provisions for other risks and charges 1 – – – – 1
Creditors 757 6,805 792 153 930 9,437
Other creditors 6 33 – – – 39
Total 796 25,329 20,694 8,488 9,194 64,501
No stated
maturity 0-1 yr 1-3yr 3-5yr >5 yr Total
2016 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Claims outstanding 31 15,192 16,704 7,638 8,182 47,747
Derivatives – 69 4 – 3 76
Deposits received from reinsurers 64 31 13 1 – 109
Provisions for other risks and charges 1 – – – – 1
Creditors 1,418 5,682 609 160 794 8,663
Other creditors – 16 – – – 16
Total 1,514 20,990 17,330 7,799 8,979 56,612
Market risk – overview
Market risk is the risk that the value of financial instruments will fluctuate because of movements in foreign currency, interest rates or asset
values. Syndicate assets are held in premium trust funds and are subject to the asset rules contained in the PRA’s handbook. Managing
agents manage asset risk through their investment strategy.
There is greater oversight of market risk in light of the volatile economic climate, which includes the monitoring of Investment Management
Minimum Standards. Lloyd’s Financial Risk Committee monitors assets across the full chain of security to ensure the asset disposition of
the market and Corporation remains appropriate, closely monitoring global economic and market trends.
The potential financial impact of changes in market value is additionally monitored through the capital setting process, and asset mix must
be reported to Lloyd’s on a quarterly basis, including credit rating analysis of fixed income portfolios.
Market risk comprises three types of risk:
(a) currency risk;
(b) interest rate risk; and
(c) equity price risk.
58 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Currency risk
Managing agents must identify the main currencies in which each syndicate transacts its business. For the market overall, the US dollar
is the largest currency exposure. Assets are then held in each of those currencies to match the relevant liabilities. Managing agents must
ensure that assets match liabilities and take corrective action where a mismatch arises. Lloyd’s also reviews the matching of assets to
liabilities at the syndicate level as well as at the market level. In addition, many members seek to match their capital disposition by currency
against their peak exposures. At 31 December 2017, 67% (2016: 69%) of all capital deployed at Lloyd’s was provided in US dollars.
The profile of the aggregate of the Lloyd’s market assets and liabilities, categorised by currency at their translated carrying amounts was
as follows:
Sterling US dollar Euro Canadian $ Australian $ Other Total
2017 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
Financial investments 10,257 35,675 2,890 4,804 1,595 544 55,765
Reinsurers’ share of technical provisions 3,443 14,977 876 611 225 51 20,183
Insurance and reinsurance receivables 2,547 10,598 774 453 228 203 14,803
Cash at bank and in hand 4,511 6,107 765 237 221 296 12,137
Other assets 1,238 3,704 472 258 84 (248) 5,508
Total assets 21,996 71,061 5,777 6,363 2,353 846 108,396
Technical provisions 13,942 46,286 5,089 3,785 1,506 662 71,270
Insurance and reinsurance payables 1,011 5,078 363 302 68 62 6,884
Other liabilities 1,770 1,846 (1) 21 10 (171) 3,475
Total liabilities 16,723 53,210 5,451 4,108 1,584 553 81,629
Total capital and reserves 5,273 17,851 326 2,255 769 293 26,767
Sterling US dollar Euro Canadian $ Australian $ Other Total
2016 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
Financial investments 9,509 36,373 2,656 4,717 1,508 591 55,354
Reinsurers’ share of technical provisions 3,108 9,585 755 654 209 109 14,420
Insurance and reinsurance receivables 2,424 9,958 739 451 199 153 13,924
Cash at bank and in hand 4,399 6,369 826 190 194 314 12,292
Other assets 1,663 3,250 540 246 78 (165) 5,612
Total assets 21,103 65,535 5,516 6,258 2,188 1,002 101,602
Technical provisions 12,922 40,578 4,854 3,627 1,508 806 64,295
Insurance and reinsurance payables 1,029 3,769 274 250 65 55 5,442
Other liabilities 2,038 2,060 (16) 135 18 (84) 4,151
Total liabilities 15,989 46,407 5,112 4,012 1,591 777 73,888
Total capital and reserves 5,114 19,128 404 2,246 597 225 27,714
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 59

Market Results
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2017)
4. Risk management continued
Sensitivity analysis
A 10% strengthening or weakening of the pound sterling against the following currencies at 31 December would have increased/
(decreased) result before tax and members’ balances for the financial year by the amounts shown below. This analysis assumes
that all other variables, in particular interest rates, remain constant.
Impact on Impact on
result members’
before tax balances
2017 £m £m
Strengthening of US dollar 257 811
Weakening of US dollar (211) (663)
Strengthening of euro (18) 21
Weakening of euro 15 (17)
Impact on Impact on
result members’
before tax balances
2016 £m £m
Strengthening of US dollar 342 1,922
Weakening of US dollar (280) (1,572)
Strengthening of euro (15) 49
Weakening of euro 13 (40)
The impact on result before tax is different to the impact on members’ balance as the calculation of the notional return on members’ funds
at Lloyd’s is not affected by currency movements.
Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that the value and future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in interest rates.
Lloyd’s operates a generally conservative investment strategy with material cash and short dated bonds portfolios, which reduces the
interest rate risk exposure.
The analysis below is performed for reasonably possible movements in interest rates with all other variables held constant, showing the
impact on result before tax and equity of the effects of changes in interest rates.
Impact on Impact on
result members’
before tax balances
2017 £m £m
+ 50 basis points (351) (445)
– 50 basis points 347 440
Impact on Impact on
result members’
before tax balances
2016 £m £m
+ 50 basis points (406) (502)
– 50 basis points 408 504
60 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Equity price risk
Equity price risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market prices
(other than those arising from interest rate risk or currency risk), whether those changes are caused by factors specific to the individual
financial instrument or its issuer, or factors affecting all similar financial instruments traded in the market.
Equity price risk exposure relates to financial assets and financial liabilities whose values will fluctuate as a result of changes in market
prices, principally investment securities.
Such risks are managed by setting and monitoring objectives and constraints on investments, diversification plans and limits on investments
in each sector and market.
In aggregate there is no significant concentration of equity price risk.
The analysis below is performed for reasonably possible movements in market indices on financial instruments with all other variables
held constant, showing the impact on result before tax due to changes in fair value of financial assets and liabilities (whose fair values
are recorded in the profit and loss account) and members’ balances (that reflects adjustments to result before tax and changes in fair
value of available for sale financial assets that are equity instruments).
Impact on Impact on
result members’
before tax balances
2017 £m £m
5% increase in equity markets 107 280
5% decrease in equity markets (107) (280)
Impact on Impact on
result members’
before tax balances
2016 £m £m
5% increase in equity markets 106 251
5% decrease in equity markets (106) (251)
Concentration risk
Lloyd’s closely monitors concentrations of risk across the market and tests risk exposure against clearly defined risk appetites as
established by the Board. Specialist supervisory teams across Lloyd’s monitor concentrations across the following areas: region perils,
line of business, geographical location, method of distribution in insurance and investment counterparties, among others.
While syndicates define the type of business that they write, at the market level Lloyd’s seek to avoid an inappropriate concentration of
premium sources, monitoring concentration of business in poorly performing lines, material sources of premium by method of placement
as well as coverholder concentration, which feature in metrics reported quarterly to the Board. Managing agents controlling more than
10% of overall market gross written premium are also subject to Board review. Any reported metrics outside of appetite are reported to and
discussed by the Risk Committee and the Board. Specific and targeted actions can then be agreed, which will be discussed with specific
managing agents or the market as a whole, as appropriate. These actions can vary considerably depending on the nature of the risk or
the line of business impacted, with different levels of the requirements placed on syndicates, which forms part of Lloyd’s oversight role of
the market.
Within the 2017 Annual Report, further analysis of premiums, claims, expenses and underwriting result by line of business is included within
note 9 of the PFFS, with commentary on the performance of each line of business included on pages 34 to 41. Analysis of premium by
geographical region is included both within note 9 of the PFFS (which details where contracts were concluded) as well as within the Lloyd’s
line of business breakdown by region analysis in the ‘2017 At a Glance’ section at the beginning of the Annual Report. Analysis of capital
providers by source and location is also included in the ‘2017 At a Glance’ section of the Annual Report. Analysis of investments held within
the market is disclosed in note 13 of the PFFS.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 61

Market Results
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2017)
4. Risk management continued
Regulatory risk
Regulatory risk is the risk of loss owing to a breach of regulatory requirements or failure to respond to regulatory change. Managing agents
monitor regulatory development to ensure ongoing compliance and any impact on claims reserves. Additionally, given current developments
in the global regulatory landscape, the Corporation closely monitors changes that may adversely impact the global licence network. Lloyd’s
is actively working with the market to assist and adapt to the changes in the UK regulatory architecture, in particular the increased focus
on conduct risk by the Financial Conduct Authority; managing agents are now expected to comply with the Lloyd’s Conduct Minimum
Standards. Similarly, Lloyd’s monitors global political trends and is taking action at both a Corporation and market level in response to
a growing geopolitical risk facing companies operating around the world.
Operational risk
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems, or from external events.
Managing agents manage these risks through internal compliance monitoring and the use of detailed procedure manuals. Lloyd’s sets
minimum standards to be applied by agents and monitors to ensure these are met.
Group risk
Group risk is the risk of loss resulting from risk events arising within a related entity. While Lloyd’s is not a group, the Corporation monitors
potential risks that could impact Lloyd’s, for example arising from the activities of a parent company of a syndicate or managing agent.
While, by its nature, group risk is difficult to control, the Corporation mitigates the potential impact of group risk through the implementation
of controls, including Lloyd’s minimum standards, mitigating any material impairment to Lloyd’s brand, reputation or strategic priorities.
5. Variability
Calendar year movements in reserves are based upon best estimates as at 31 December 2017, taking into account all available information
as at the balance sheet date. These estimates are subject to variability until the date at which the underlying claims are settled. Such
changes in best estimate are reflected in the technical account of the year in which they occur. The aggregate of the prior year surpluses/
deficiencies is a surplus of £706m (2016: £1,150m). The surplus arises across the reinsurance, property, casualty and energy lines of
business, reflecting favourable claims development compared with projections. There were deficiencies in the marine, motor, aviation
and life lines of business.
6. Members’ funds at Lloyd’s (FAL)
The valuation of members’ FAL in the balance sheet totals £24,579m (2016: £21,703m). The notional investment return on FAL included
in the non-technical profit and loss account totals £722m (2016: £363m).
The notional investment return on FAL has been calculated by applying quarterly yields from indices, net of management fees, to the value
of FAL at the beginning of each quarter except, where Lloyd’s is the investment manager for FAL, in which case the actual return achieved
has been included. A significant proportion of FAL investments are US dollar denominated and, for these assets, US dollar yields from
indices are applied.
The following table shows the indices used and the return applied for the full year.
Proportion Investment
of FAL return
December December
2017 2016 2017 2016
Investment type Index % % % %
UK equities FTSE All share 4.9 4.4 12.0 15.2
UK government bonds UK Gilts 1-3 years 2.1 2.6 (0.6) 1.2
UK corporate bonds UK Corporate 1-3 years 5.0 4.9 (0.4) 1.5
UK deposits managed by Lloyd’s Return achieved 3.8 2.9 0.5 1.6
UK deposits managed externally including letters of credit GBP LIBID 1 month 18.5 19.9 0.0 0.2
US equities S&P 500 Index 9.9 8.9 19.7 9.5
US government bonds US Treasuries 1-5 years 12.8 12.4 0.5 0.6
US corporate bonds US Corporate 1-5 years 17.8 14.6 1.9 1.6
US deposits managed by Lloyd’s Return achieved 5.1 5.2 3.7 1.5
US deposits managed externally including letters of credit USD LIBID 1 month 20.1 24.2 0.8 0.2
62 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

7. Society of Lloyd’s
The results of the Group financial statements of the Society included in the profit and loss account are a profit of £442m (2016: £378m)
in the technical account and a loss of £257m (2016: a profit of £26m) in the non-technical account.
8. Aggregation of results and net assets
A reconciliation between the results, statement of other comprehensive income and net assets reported in the syndicate annual accounts,
members’ FAL and by the Society is set out below:
2017 2016
Profit and loss account £m £m
Result per syndicate annual accounts (2,908) 1,353
Result of the Society 156 330
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred in Society financial statements – 8
Syndicate prior year adjustment treated as current year in PFFS – (13)
Taxation charge in Society financial statements 31 75
Notional investment return on members’ funds at Lloyd’s 722 363
Movement in Society income not accrued in syndicate annual accounts (2) (9)
Result for the financial year before tax (2,001) 2,107
2017 2016
Other comprehensive income £m £m
Result for the financial year (2,001) 2,107
Foreign currency movements (69) 389
Other comprehensive losses per syndicate annual accounts (2) –
Other comprehensive income/(losses) of the Society 41 (111)
Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year (2,031) 2,385
2017 2016
Capital and reserves £m £m
Net assets per syndicate annual accounts (1) 4,011
Net assets of the Society 2,188 1,996
Central Fund claims and provisions – 1
Members’ funds at Lloyd’s 24,579 21,703
Unpaid cash calls reanalysed from debtors to members’ balances 30 30
Society income receivable not accrued in syndicate annual accounts (29) (27)
Total capital and reserves 26,767 27,714
Transactions between syndicates and the Society (which have been reported within both the syndicate annual accounts and the Society
financial statements) have been eliminated in the PFFS as set out in note 2.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 63

Market Results
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2017)
9. Segmental analysis
The syndicate returns to Lloyd’s provided additional information to derive the following table in respect of the lines of business reviewed in
the market commentary.
Gross Net Net Net Under-
written earned incurred operating writing
premiums premium claims expenses result
2017 £m £m £m £m £m
Reinsurance 10,560 7,751 (6,498) (2,583) (1,330)
Property 8,965 6,367 (5,137) (2,987) (1,757)
Casualty 8,464 6,082 (3,558) (2,713) (189)
Marine 2,506 2,092 (1,674) (887) (469)
Energy 1,253 783 (277) (401) 105
Motor 1,057 843 (723) (308) (188)
Aviation 687 509 (320) (200) (11)
Life 99 71 (63) (32) (24)
Total from syndicate operations 33,591 24,498 (18,250) (10,111) (3,863)
Transactions between syndicates and the Society (notes 2 and 7)
442 442
and insurance operations of the Society
PFFS premiums and underwriting result 33,591 24,498 (18,250) (9,669) (3,421)
Allocated investment return transferred from the non-technical account 732
Balance on the technical account for general business (2,689)
Gross Net Net Net Under-
written earned incurred operating writing
premiums premium claims expenses result
2016 £m £m £m £m £m
Reinsurance 9,408 7,154 (3,805) (2,801) 548
Property 7,988 5,859 (3,431) (2,630) (202)
Casualty 7,131 5,343 (3,139) (2,350) (146)
Marine 2,470 2,075 (1,317) (887) (129)
Energy 1,110 795 (371) (365) 59
Motor 1,047 893 (666) (330) (103)
Aviation 627 464 (209) (184) 71
Life 81 77 (49) (36) (8)
Total from syndicate operations 29,862 22,660 (12,987) (9,583) 90
Transactions between syndicates and the Society (notes 2 and 7)
378 378
and insurance operations of the Society
PFFS premiums and underwriting result 29,862 22,660 (12,987) (9,205) 468
Allocated investment return transferred from the non-technical account 713
Balance on the technical account for general business 1,181
The geographical analysis of direct insurance premiums by location where contracts were concluded is as follows:
2017 2016
£m £m
United Kingdom 22,651 20,128
Other EU member states 29 31
Rest of the World 351 295
23,031 20,454
64 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

10. Life business
The PFFS include the results of all life and non-life syndicates transacting business during 2017. The results and net assets for life
syndicates are not material and have not been separately disclosed in the profit and loss account and balance sheet. The results
for life business are reported in the segmental analysis (note 9).
11. Net operating expenses
2017 2016
£m £m
Acquisition costs 8,645 7,539
Change in deferred acquisition costs (239) (196)
Administrative expenses 2,307 2,464
Reinsurance commissions and profit participation (1,044) (602)
9,669 9,205
Total commissions on direct insurance business accounted for in the year amounted to £5,773m (2016: £4,968m).
12. Investment return
2017 2016
Interest and similar income £m £m
From financial instruments designated as at fair value through profit or loss 1,356 961
From available for sale investments 35 22
From financial instruments designated as held to maturity 1 1
Dividend income 37 49
Interest on cash at bank 23 16
Other interest and similar income 35 32
Investment expenses (72) (54)
Total 1,415 1,027
2017 2016
Other income from investments designated as at fair value through profit or loss £m £m
Realised gains/(losses) 261 7
Unrealised gains/(losses) 89 265
Other relevant income/(losses) 35 46
Total 385 318
Total investment return 1,800 1,345
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 65

Market Results
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2017)
13. Financial investments
2017 2016
£m £m
Shares and other variable yield securities and units in unit trusts 9,474 9,133
Debt securities and other fixed income securities 37,197 38,216
Participation in investment pools 2,118 1,863
Loans and deposits with credit institutions 6,841 6,019
Other 135 123
55,765 55,354
Disclosures of fair values in accordance with the fair value hierarchy
Fair value measurements have been classified using a fair value hierarchy that reflects the significance of the inputs used in making the
measurements.
The fair value hierarchy includes the following classifications:
— Level 1 – Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets. An active market is one in which transactions for the asset
occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide readily and regularly available quoted prices;
— Level 2 – Inputs to a valuation model other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset, either directly
(i.e. as prices) or indirectly (derived from prices); and
— Level 3 – Inputs to a valuation model for the asset that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs) and are
significant to the overall fair value measurement. Unobservable inputs may have been used to measure fair value to the extent that
observable inputs are not available, thereby allowing for situations in which there is little, if any, market activity for the asset at the
measurement date (or market information for the inputs to any valuation models). As such, unobservable inputs reflect the assumptions
it is considered that market participants would use in pricing the asset.
The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement is categorised in its entirety is determined on the basis of
the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The significance of an input is assessed against the fair value
measurement in its entirety. If a fair value measurement uses observable inputs that require significant adjustment based on unobservable
inputs, that measurement is a Level 3 measurement. Assessing the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its
entirety requires judgement, considering factors specific to the asset.
Assets held
Sub-total at amortised
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 fair value cost Total
2017 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Shares and other variable yield securities 3,797 4,865 811 9,473 1 9,474
Debt and other fixed income securities 12,094 25,022 81 37,197 – 37,197
Participation in investment pools 1,875 211 32 2,118 – 2,118
Loans and deposits with credit institutions 3,325 3,333 181 6,839 2 6,841
Other investments 6 100 29 135 – 135
Total investments 21,097 33,531 1,134 55,762 3 55,765
Loans recoverable – – 43 43 – 43
Total assets 21,097 33,531 1,177 55,805 3 55,808
Borrowings (11) – – (11) –– (11)
Derivative liabilities (1) (19) – (20) – (20)
Total liabilities (12) (19) – (31) – (31)
Loans recoverable represent loans made to hardship members by the Central Fund, with further details disclosed in the Society Report
(note 2(j) and note 15).
66 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Assets held at
Sub-total amortised
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 fair value cost Total
2016 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Shares and other variable yield securities 4,938 3,636 559 9,133 – 9,133
Debt and other fixed income securities 11,813 26,304 84 38,201 15 38,216
Participation in investment pools 1,628 196 39 1,863 – 1,863
Loans and deposits with credit institutions 3,215 2,652 150 6,017 2 6,019
Other investments 16 103 4 123 – 123
Total investments 21,610 32,891 836 55,337 17 55,354
Loans recoverable – – 43 43 – 43
Total assets 21,610 32,891 879 55,380 17 55,397
Borrowings (15) – – (15) – (15)
Derivative liabilities (15) (59) (2) (76) – (76)
Total liabilities (30) (59) (2) (91) – (91)
14. Debtors arising out of direct operations
2017 2016
£m £m
Due within one year
— Policyholders 1 10
— Intermediaries 8,781 8,759
Due after one year
— Policyholders – –
— Intermediaries 100 112
Total 8,882 8,881
15. Debtors arising out of reinsurance operations
2017 2016
£m £m
Due within one year 5,245 4,705
Due after one year 676 338
Total 5,921 5,043
16. Cash at bank and in hand
Cash at bank and in hand includes letters of credit and bank guarantees held in trust within members’ FAL to meet policyholder claims
as required, totalling £9,463m (2016: £9,586m).
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 67

Market Results
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2017)
17. Members’ balances
2017 2016
£m £m
Balance at 1 January 4,015 4,613
Result for the year per syndicate annual accounts (2,908) 1,353
Distribution on closure of the 2014 (2013) year of account (2,670) (2,061)
Advance distributions from open years of account (60) (163)
Movement in cash calls 1,019 7
Net movement on Funds in Syndicate (see note below) 774 (138)
Exchange (losses)/gains (116) 439
Other (54) (35)
Balance at 31 December – 4,015
Members participate on syndicates by reference to years of account. Members’ ultimate results, assets and liabilities are assessed by year
of account with reference to policies incepting in that year of account. Members’ balances represent the net profit/(loss) to be distributed/
(collected) by syndicates to/(from) the members. Where there are profits and funds at Lloyd’s held in excess of members’ capital
requirements, they will be distributed in the second quarter of 2018.
Members that only participate on one syndicate may hold the capital supporting their underwriting in their syndicate’s premium trust funds.
These funds are known as funds in syndicate (FIS). At 31 December 2017 there was £4,076m (2016: £3,315m) of FIS within members’
balances. Where a member takes advantage of this facility in the year, the movement is reflected in the above table as ‘net movement
on funds in syndicate’.
18. Technical provisions
(a) Provisions for unearned premiums
Reinsurers’
Gross share Net
2017 £m £m £m
At 1 January 16,548 3,110 1 3,438
Premiums written in the year 33,591 8,722 24,869
Premiums earned in the year (32,744) (8,246) (24,498)
Exchange movements (1,018) (214) (804)
At 31 December 16,377 3,372 13,005
Reinsurers’
Gross share Net
2016 £m £m £m
At 1 January 13,723 2,368 11,355
Premiums written in the year 29,862 6,796 23,066
Premiums earned in the year (29,139) (6,479) (22,660)
Exchange movements 2,102 425 1,677
At 31 December 16,548 3,110 13,438
(b) Deferred acquisition costs
2017 2016
£m £m
At 1 January 4,278 3,585
Change in deferred acquisition costs 239 196
Exchange movements (232) 437
Other 19 60
At 31 December 4,304 4,278
68 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

(c) Claims outstanding
Reinsurers’
Gross share Net
2017 £m £m £m
At 1 January 47,747 11,310 36,437
Claims paid during the year (18,292) (3,634) (14,658)
Claims incurred during the year 28,060 9,810 18,250
Exchange/other movements (2,622) (675) (1,947)
At 31 December 54,893 16,811 38,082
Reinsurers’
Gross share Net
2016 £m £m £m
At 1 January 38,833 8,610 30,223
Claims paid during the year (13,913) (2,431) (11,482)
Claims incurred during the year 16,774 3,787 12,987
Exchange/other movements 6,053 1,344 4,709
At 31 December 47,747 11,310 36,437
19. Discounted claims
Discounting may be applied to claims provisions where there are individual claims with structured settlements that have annuity-like
characteristics or for books of business with mean term payment greater than four years. Certain syndicates have elected to discount
their claims provisions.
The claims have been discounted as follows:
Average mean term
Average discounted rates of liabilities
2017 2016 2017 2016
Line of business % % years years
Motor (third party liability) 2.46 2.90 24.55 12.19
Motor (other classes) 3.00 – 2.60 –
Third party liability 2.32 3.55 22.96 22.40
The period that will elapse before claims are settled is determined using impaired mortality rates.
The claims provisions before discounting are as follows:
Before discounting Effect of discounting Discounted provision
2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016
£m £m £m £m £m £m
Total claims provisions 1,649 1,757 (430) (455) 1,219 1,302
Reinsurers’ share of total claims 549 449 (78) (51) 471 398
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 69

Market Results
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2017)
20. Creditors arising out of direct insurance operations
2017 2016
£m £m
Due within one year 953 758
Due after one year 2 14
955 772
21. Creditors arising out of reinsurance operations
2017 2016
£m £m
Due within one year 5.332 4,407
Due after one year 597 263
5,929 4,670
22. Note to the statement of cash flows
Cash and cash equivalents comprise the following:
2017 2016
£m £m
Cash at bank and in hand 12,137 12,292
Short term deposits with credit institutions 2,146 2,517
Overdrafts (170) (178)
14,113 14,631
Of the cash and cash equivalents, £548m (2016: £428m) is held in regulated bank accounts in overseas jurisdictions.
23. Five year summary
2017 2016 2015 2014 2013
Results £m £m £m £m £m
Gross written premiums 33,591 29,862 26,690 25,259 25,615
Net written premiums 24,869 23,066 21,023 20,006 20,231
Net earned premiums 24,498 22,660 20,565 19,499 19,725
Result attributable to underwriting (3,421) 468 2,047 2,253 2,605
Result for the year before tax (2,001) 2,107 2,122 3,016 3,205
Assets employed
Cash and investments 67,902 67,646 56,900 54,889 51,494
Net technical provisions 51,087 49,875 41,578 40,025 38,355
Other net assets 9,952 9,943 8,894 7,664 7,247
Capital and reserves 26,767 27,714 24,216 22,528 20,386
Statistics
Combined ratio (%) 114.0 97.9 90.0 88.4 86.8
Return on capital (%) (7.3) 8.1 9.1 14.1 16.2
24. Related party transactions
The annual accounts of each syndicate provide, where appropriate, the required disclosures on related parties. Syndicate level disclosures
are specific to that syndicate and its managing agent. For 2017, there were no material related party transactions conducted outside normal
market conditions reported in the syndicate annual accounts requiring disclosure. The related party transactions of the Society are
disclosed in note 26 on page 168 of the Society Report.
70 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Managing Agents and Syndicates
Percentage
2017 2016 of capacity
Managed GWP* GWP* owned by
Managing Agent Syndicate(s) £m £m group
Advent Underwriting Limited 780 210 190 100%
AEGIS Managing Agency Limited 1225 462 377 100%
Allied World Managing Agency Ltd 2232 204 164 100%
AmTrust Syndicates Limited 44 18 14 100%
1206 212 238 100%
1861 284 259 100%
5820 231 251 100%
Antares Managing Agency Limited 1274 418 338 100%
Apollo Syndicate Management Limited 1969 234 215 57%
Arch Underwriting at Lloyd’s Ltd 2012 200 179 100%
Argenta Syndicate Management Limited 2121 346 281 52%
Argo Managing Agency Limited 1200 553 514 93%
1910 341 200 100%
6117 101 46 0%
Ark Syndicate Management Limited 3902 76 – 100%
4020 278 312 100%
Ascot Underwriting Limited 1414 681 573 100%
Aspen Managing Agency Limited 4711 397 404 100%
Asta Managing Agency Limited 1729 98 87 100%
1897 138 113 100%
2357 266 128 100%
2525 55 50 0%
2689 60 – 100%
2786 114 59 100%
4242 157 137 100%
5886 100 – 66%
6123 14 14 0%
6126 42 28 0%
Atrium Underwriters Limited 609 467 413 26%
AXIS Managing Agency Limited 1686 308 216 100%
2007 989 901 100%
6129 63 40 0%
Barbican Managing Agency Limited 1856 91 85 100%
1955 444 313 100%
6118 133 78 0%
Beaufort Underwriting Agency Limited 318 157 137 91%
Beazley Furlonge Limited 623 338 293 9%
2623 1,538 1,333 100%
3622 18 17 100%
3623 219 195 100%
6050 16 15 0%
6107 47 36 0%
Brit Syndicates Limited 2987 1,596 1,412 100%
2988 60 – 100%
Canopius Managing Agents Limited 4444 1,138 1,064 85%
Capita Managing Agency Limited 1492 88 43 100%
Cathedral Underwriting Limited 2010 211 191 58%
3010 42 41 100%
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 71

Market Results
Managing Agents and Syndicates
Percentage
2017 2016 of capacity
Managed GWP* GWP* owned by
Managing Agent Syndicate(s) £m £m group
Catlin Underwriting Agencies Limited 2003 2,365 2,070 100%
2088 155 99 100%
3002 34 19 100%
6111 54 142 0%
Charles Taylor Managing Agency Limited 1884 89 76 2%
Chaucer Syndicates Limited 1084 950 781 100%
1176 31 28 57%
6130 20 7 0%
Chubb Underwriting Agencies Limited 2488 460 408 100%
Coverys Managing Agency Limited 1110 23 245 100%
1991 125 103 0%
Endurance at Lloyd’s Limited 5151 319 236 100%
ERS Syndicate Management Limited 218 376 406 67%
Faraday Underwriting Limited 435 378 275 100%
Hamilton Underwriting Limited 3334 109 62 100%
Hardy (Underwriting Agencies) Limited 382 320 286 100%
HCC Underwriting Agency Ltd 4141 140 118 100%
Hiscox Syndicates Limited 33 1,156 1,057 73%
3624 409 533 100%
6104 42 30 0%
Liberty Syndicate Management Limited 4472 1,657 1,364 100%
Managing Agency Partners Limited 2791 179 171 17%
6103 5 5 0%
Markel Syndicate Management Limited 3000 565 486 100%
MS Amlin Underwriting Limited 2001 2,082 1,831 100%
Munich Re Syndicate Limited 457 423 356 100%
Navigators Underwriting Agency Limited 1221 367 340 100%
Neon Underwriting Limited 2468 226 160 100%
Newline Underwriting Management Limited 1218 136 100 100%
Pembroke Managing Agency Limited 2014 186 145 0%
4000 414 365 100%
6125 17 12 0%
QBE Underwriting Limited 386 357 328 70%
2999 1,169 1,073 100%
Renaissance Re Syndicate Management Limited 1458 495 335 100%
S.A. Meacock & Company Limited 727 63 60 16%
Sirius International Managing Agency Ltd 1945 111 115 100%
Starr Managing Agents Limited 1919 284 276 100%
StarStone Underwriting Limited 1301 236 209 100%
Talbot Underwriting Ltd 1183 715 719 100%
The Channel Managing Agency Ltd 2015 262 241 100%
Tokio Marine Kiln Syndicates Limited 308 39 32 52%
510 1,417 1,297 56%
557 18 17 0%
1880 246 230 100%
72 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Percentage
2017 2016 of capacity
Managed GWP* GWP* owned by
Managing Agent Syndicate(s) £m £m group
Travelers Syndicate Management Limited 5000 362 300 100%
Vibe Syndicate Management Limited 5678 127 54 100%
W R Berkley Syndicate Management Limited 1967 173 169 100%
All other syndicates (including syndicates that closed in 2017), SPA and RITC adjustments (548) 97
Total 33,591 29,862
* See Glossary.
The following syndicates ceased trading at 31 December 2017:
Tokio Marine Kiln Syndicates Limited 308
Coverys Managing Agency Limited 1110
AmTrust Syndicates Limited 1206
AmTrust Syndicates Limited 5820
Beazley Furlonge Limited 6050
Asta Managing Agency Limited 6126
As at 20 March 2018 the following syndicates commenced trading for the 2018 year of account:
Pembroke Managing Agency Limited 1947
Coverys Managing Agency Limited 1975
Asta Managing Agency Limited 1980
Asta Managing Agency Limited 3268
Beazley Furlonge Limited 5623
Asta Managing Agency Limited 6131
Barbican Managing Agency Limited 6132
Apollo Syndicate Management Limited 6133
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 73

4
76 Financial Highlights
77 Corporate Governance
92 Internal Control Statement
93 Report of the Remuneration Committee
104 Report of the Audit Committee
106 Report of the Lloyd’s Members’ Ombudsman
107 Financial Review
114 Statement of the Council’s Responsibilities
for the Financial Statements
115 Independent Auditor’s Report to the
Members of the Society of Lloyd’s
120 Group Income Statement
121 Group Statement of Comprehensive Income
122 Group Statement of Financial Position
123 Group Statement of Changes in Equity
124 Group Statement of Cash Flows
125 Notes to the Financial Statements
169 Five Year Summary

Society Report
Lloyd's excellent capital strength
demonstrates that we remain in robust
financial shape. With a leadership team
actively addressing the challenges the
Lloyd’s market is faced with, we go into
2018 in a strong and secure position.

Society Report
Financial Highlights
2017 2016 2015 2014 2013
£m £m £m £m £m
Operating result
Corporation operating income 351 332 239 220 218
Central Fund income 125 120 111 115 108
Total income 476 452 350 335 326
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred – (8) – (1) (18)
Central Fund repayment to members – – – (49) –
Net insurance claims and provisions – – – 1 –
Other Group operating expenses (306) (307) (259) (227) (219)
Operating surplus1 170 137 91 59 89
Finance Costs
Deficit on subordinated debt repurchase – – – (9) (15)
Interest payable on financial liabilities and other (55) (54) (54) (49) (56)
Finance Income2 62 314 43 93 60
Realised/unrealised exchange gains/(losses) on borrowings – – – 7 (6)
Share of profits of associates 10 8 7 8 7
Surplus before tax 187 405 87 109 79
Tax charge (31) (75) (13) (18) (14)
Surplus for the year 156 330 74 91 65
Balance sheet
Net assets 2,188 1,996 1,763 1,693 1,635
Movement in net assets % 9.6% 13.2% 4.1% 3.6% 4.5%
Solvency
Eligible own funds to meet Central SCR 3,445 3,433 3,162 – –
Central SCR (1,600) (1,600) (1,450) – –
Excess of eligible own funds over the Central SCR 1,845 1,833 1,712 – –
Solvency ratio % 215% 215% 218% – –
The solvency ratio is reported under the Solvency II legislative requirements which came into force on 1 January 2016. The 2017 position is an estimate
of the amount which will be finalised in May 2018 for submission to the PRA. The solvency figures in the table above are unaudited.
1. The operating surplus is a metric which is consistently used to analyse financial performance in the Society Report. This metric (wherever used in the
Annual Report) is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM), with further information available on page 174.
2. The Society’s investments, mostly held within the Central Fund, returned £62m or 1.7% during the year (2016: £314m, 10.2%). Excluding the impact
of a £108m foreign exchange loss in 2017 (2016: foreign exchange gain of £151m), arising from currency matching assets to the US dollar component
of the Central Solvency Capital Requirement, underlying investment returns were relatively stable year on year, returning £170m (4.6%) in 2017
(2016: £163m or 5.2%).
76 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Corporate Governance
Lloyd’s governance structure provides challenge, clarity and accountability
Principal Committees of Lloyd’s
The Council
of Lloyd’s
The Board
Remuneration Nominations & Governance
Committee Committee
Risk Market Supervision Capacity Transfer Investment Audit
Committee and Review Committee Panel Committee Committee
The Council and Board
The Council is the governing body of the Society of Lloyd’s and has ultimate responsibility for overall management of the market.
The Council delegates many of its functions to the Board, whose members are appointed by the Council and come from both inside
and outside the Lloyd’s market.
The day-to-day powers and functions of the Council and Board are carried out by the Corporation’s Executive Committee – the Chief
Executive, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Commercial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Human Resources Director,
General Counsel and Company Secretary and Performance Management Director.
Lloyd’s is regulated by the PRA and FCA, which have direct supervision of managing agents and monitor capital, solvency and conduct. The
Corporation is active in managing risk within the market to ensure that Lloyd’s central assets, brand, licences and reputation remain protected.
The Council is committed to the principle of good corporate governance and supports the application of the principles of the UK Corporate
Governance Code, as far as they can be applied to the governance of a Society of members and a market of separate competing entities.
The members of the Council and Board are listed on pages 86 to 91
Details of the Executive Committee can be found at: lloyds.com/executivecommittee
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 77

Society Report
Corporate Governance
Governing body: The Council Working and external members are generally elected for terms of
Under Lloyd’s Act 1982, the Council undertakes the management three years by the working and external members of the Society
and superintendence of the affairs of the Society and has the power respectively. In the elections for working members, voting operates
to regulate and direct the business of insurance at Lloyd’s. Certain on a one member, one vote basis. In the elections for external
functions are reserved to the Council including: members, the voting entitlement of an external member of the
Society is based on the member’s allocated underwriting capacity
— the making, amendment or revocation of byelaws
as determined under the Constitutional Arrangements Byelaw
(which are available at www.lloyds.com/byelaws);
(No.2 of 2010).
— the setting of Central Fund contribution rates; and
— appointing the Chairman and Deputy Chairmen of Council. The presence of working and external members of the Council
enables the nominated members to gain an understanding of the
Beyond the reserved functions, the Council can delegate its powers views of key stakeholders in the Lloyd’s market.
or functions to any person, committee or employee of the Society.
Other than the CEO, no member of Council may serve more than
The Council has delegated authority for the day-to-day nine years in aggregate on the Council or Board.
management of the market to the Board. The Board is able, in turn,
to sub-delegate authority to the CEO and through her to the Lloyd’s Chairman and Deputy Chairmen
Executive. In addition, the Council has delegated authority to carry In accordance with Lloyd’s Act 1982, the Chairman and Deputy
out specified functions to committees including the Remuneration Chairmen of Lloyd’s are elected annually by special resolution of the
and Nominations & Governance Committees, as summarised below. Council from among its members. One of the Chairman and Deputy
Chairmen must be a working member of the Council. This position
The relationship between the Council and the Board is defined in is currently filled by Simon Beale.
the Council’s Governance Policies which clarify the role of the
Council and establish a more structured relationship with the Board. The Chairman of Lloyd’s is contracted to work a maximum of
Further details on the role and functions of the Board and the three days a week but commits as much time as is necessary to
Governance Policies are set out below. undertake the role. The Council acknowledges that the Chairman
has other commitments outside Lloyd’s (see page 86) and is
Membership satisfied that these can be accommodated with the Chairmanship
The Council comprises a maximum of 18 members, split between six of Lloyd’s.
working, six external and six nominated members. The biographical
details of the current members of the Council (as at 20 March 2018) Andy Haste (a nominated member) was appointed Senior
are listed on pages 86 to 88. Independent Deputy Chairman (Lloyd’s equivalent of the Senior
Independent Director) with effect from 1 November 2012.
Nominated members are usually appointed for three-year terms
which can be renewed. They may be regarded, for the purposes Meetings
of the Code, as independent members of the Council with the The Council met on seven occasions in 2017. These meetings are
exception of the Chairman and CEO who are included within structured to allow open discussion. At each meeting the Council
their number. receives certain regular reports – for example, a written report
from the CEO and oral updates from its principal committees.
It also reviews the quarterly Management Information Pack.
A table showing Council members’ attendance at Council and
Committee meetings which they were eligible to attend is set out
on pages 84 to 85.
The detailed arrangements for Lloyd’s governance processes are
set out in the Council’s Governance Policies and the Constitutional
Requirements as set out in the Constitutional Arrangements Byelaw.
78 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Governance Policies and the Constitutional Requirements Board
The Governance Policies The Council established the Board as from 1 January 2003 which
Among other matters, the Governance Policies are intended to develops strategies to meet the Corporation Purpose of creating
improve the clarity around the role of the Council and to establish and maintaining a competitive, innovative and secure market.
a more structured relationship with the Board.
Specific functions delegated to the Board include:
The Corporation Purpose establishes that “the Corporation acts
— determining the major risks to the Lloyd’s market and
to create and maintain a competitive, innovative and secure market.
determining appropriate action to address or mitigate
Our dedicated people serve to protect and promote the interests
those risks;
of the market and its customers, provide valued services to market
— determining the key factors, levers and drivers which may
participants and advance the interests of capital providers over
affect the profitability of the Lloyd’s market;
the long term”.
— developing and implementing a strategy to achieve
Under the Governance Policies, the Council is responsible for the Corporation Goal; and
assessing the long-term strategic development of Lloyd’s by — supervising, regulating and directing the business of
reference to both the interests of capital providers and other insurance at Lloyd’s.
stakeholders and through an evaluation of economic, political
and social issues impacting the international insurance and The Board has reserved to itself a list of specific functions and
reinsurance markets. powers that only it may deal with. The Board may sub-delegate
authority to the CEO, executive and employees of the Corporation
As the Council has delegated authority for the majority of its save in respect of those functions and powers reserved to it, the
functions (other than its reserved matters) to the Board, the Council and their committees.
Governance Policies also define the accountability linkage
between the Board and the Council. This includes determining The Board’s committees, the CEO, the executive and employees
the boundaries within which the Board will operate (the Board must act in accordance with the Board Limitations (including the
Limitations) and establishing a Monitoring and Assurance regime Principles) and in accordance with the strategy, policy and principles
which, among other matters, requires the Chairman of the Board set by the Board.
to report to the Council on all material issues impacting the world
insurance market and Lloyd’s as well as providing a summary of Matters reserved to the Board include:
key performance indicators.
— setting the policy and principles relating to the supervision,
The Constitutional Requirements regulation and direction of the business of insurance at Lloyd’s
(the Market Supervision Framework), in compliance with PRA
The Constitutional Requirements align, so far as appropriate, Lloyd’s
and FCA requirements;
governance arrangements with the Companies Act 2006. They
include provisions concerning the duties and responsibilities of — considering and approving Lloyd’s risk appetite (both at
Council members. These same duties also apply to members of Corporation and market level); setting policy for the admission
the Board and the other Lloyd’s committees. and removal of participants in the Lloyd’s market;
— admitting and removing managing agents;
In summary, members of the Council, Board and their committees
— determining the Standards for managing agents and approving
are required to act in a way which ‘would be most likely to promote
the Three-Year and Annual Plan and Budget of the Corporation;
the success of the Society for the benefit of the members as a
and
whole’ and must have regard to:
— approving the Lloyd’s Society level capital requirements.
— The likely consequences of any decision in the long term.
— The need of the Society:
— to foster business relations with those who do business
at Lloyd’s;
— to have regard to the interests of its employees;
— to consider the impact of its operations on the community
and the environment; and
— to maintain a reputation for high standards
of business conduct.
The Constitutional Requirements also deal with conflicts of interest
and collective responsibility.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 79

Society Report
Corporate Governance
Membership and meetings — To appoint Robert Childs, nominated representative of Hiscox
Biographical details of the members of the Board as at Dedicated Member Ltd, an external member of Council, as
20 March 2018 are listed on pages 89 to 91. At the end of 2017, Deputy Chairman of Lloyd’s with effect from 30 June 2017;
the Board comprised: — To appoint Patricia Jackson as an independent non-executive
— the Chairman of Lloyd’s (who was also its Chairman); director of the Board for an initial period of three years from
30 March 2017. Ms Jackson was also appointed as Chair of
— the CEO, the Performance Management Director and the
the Risk Committee with effect from June 2017. The Committee
Chief Financial Officer;
was assisted in this search by external search consultants,
— three non-executives connected with the Lloyd’s market; and Egon Zehnder;
— four independent non-executives. — To appoint Gregory Fleming as a nominated member of the
Council for an initial period of three years from 30 March 2017.
The presence of market connected non-executive directors enables The Committee was assisted in this search by external search
the independent non-executives to gain an understanding of market consultants, Korn Ferry. Due to other work commitments
practitioner views and perspectives. Mr Fleming resigned his position on Council with effect from
September 2017. The Committee is conducting a search for
Other than the Lloyd’s Executives no member of the Board may a replacement with the continued assistance of Korn Ferry.
serve more than nine years in aggregate on the Board or the
Council. The Committee’s recommendations were supported and approved
by the Council.
The Board held ten scheduled meetings in 2017. It also held a full
day offsite focusing on the major strategic challenges facing Following Ms Griffiths’ retirement from the Board in June 2017 the
Lloyd’s and their impact on Lloyd’s current strategy. Committee commenced a search for a new independent non-
executive director of the Board. The Committee was assisted by
Board meetings are structured to allow open discussion. At each external search consultants, Russell Reynolds, with a brief to find a
scheduled meeting, the Board receives certain regular reports – for candidate with recent data and tech experience. As a result of this
example, a written report from the CEO. It also reviews the quarterly process, two appointments were made by the Council with Mike
Management Information Pack. The Board papers and minutes are Bracken and Nigel Hinshelwood joining the Board with effect from
made available to members of the Council. 1 March 2018. The Committee also commenced a search for an
additional independent non-executive director of the Board with
A table showing Board members’ attendance at Board and independent insurance expertise. The Committee was assisted in
Committee meetings which they were eligible to attend is set out this search by external search consultants, The Zygos Partnership.
on pages 84 to 85. The successful candidate would also join the Risk Committee. As a
result of this process, Fiona Luck was appointed to the Board with
The Principal Committees of the Council effect from 1 March 2018. Finally, the Committee is undertaking a
Nominations & Governance Committee search for a new nominated member of the Council to replace Fred
The Nominations & Governance Committee (“the Committee”) Hu who stepped down at the end of his term of office in May 2017.
is responsible for making recommendations to the Council on The Committee is being assisted by external search consultants,
the appointment of the Chairman, CEO, new nominated Council The Zygos Partnership, with a brief to find a candidate with
members, Board members (including the executive directors on the experience of operating in Continental Europe.
Board), members of a number of the Council and Board committees
and the Secretary to the Council. The Committee is also responsible None of the external search consultants used have any connection
for succession planning arrangements for these positions. with the Society.
The Committee meets at least twice annually and otherwise at the To assist with succession planning, the Committee also considered
discretion of its Chairman or as directed by the Council. The the future skills, knowledge and experience likely to be needed
Committee reports to the Council and Board on its proceedings by the Board and the Council. The searches referred to above
after each meeting on all matters relating to its duties and powers. are being conducted after taking into account this work.
A written report is submitted to the Council annually.
Diversity – The Committee is fully apprised of, and supportive of,
Apart from the annual exercise of making recommendations with the need for recent and relevant experience and diversity including
respect to the composition of Council and Board committees gender diversity. It is difficult to establish diversity targets for the
(together with any other necessary changes in composition Council, given that it is two-thirds elected, but diversity will be
during the year), the Committee made the following major encouraged. Candidates for appointed positions are selected on
recommendations to the Council during 2017: merit and with due regard to the benefits of diversity in its broadest
sense. In addition, the Board, with the support of the Committee
— To appoint Bruce Carnegie-Brown as Chairman of Lloyd’s for
established a target of 30% of the Board being women by 2020.
an initial period of three years commencing on 15 June 2017,
Three of the fourteen Board members as at the date of this report
following the retirement of John Nelson in May 2017. For the
are women.
purposes of this search the Committee was chaired by the
Senior Independent Deputy Chairman and the composition of
the Committee was augmented by three market members of the
Council and Board. The Committee was assisted in this search
by external search consultants, The Zygos Partnership;
80 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

The Committee is chaired by the Chairman of Lloyd’s and its The Audit Committee submits an annual report to the Board.
remaining members are drawn from both the Council and the Board.
It also reports to the Council and the Board on its proceedings after
A table showing the Committee members’ attendance at scheduled each meeting. Additional reports are submitted to the Council and/
Committee meetings in 2017 is set out on pages 84 to 85. The or the Board on matters of material interest as and when necessary.
Committee held four scheduled meetings in 2017. The minutes of Audit Committee meetings are submitted to the
Board and the Council.
Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee is responsible for setting The Audit Committee is chaired by Richard Keers, an independent
remuneration arrangements for the Chairman, CEO, the executive non-executive director on the Board. Its remaining members are
and any other direct reports of the CEO and any such other drawn from both the Council and the Board. A table showing Audit
members of the executive management or other persons as it is Committee members’ attendance at Audit Committee meetings is
designated to consider. The Remuneration Committee’s proposals set out on pages 84 to 85.
are considered by both the Board and the Council.
The Audit Committee met on four occasions in 2017. The Audit
Non-executive remuneration is decided by the Council, on Committee’s full report is on pages 104 to 105.
recommendation from the Chairman and CEO who may consult
the Remuneration Committee as part of that process. Risk Committee
During 2017, the Risk Committee was chaired by Joy Griffiths (until
The Remuneration Committee will meet at least twice a year and May) and Patricia Jackson (from June), both independent non-
otherwise at the discretion of its Chairman or as directed by the executive members of the Board, and its other members are drawn
Council. The Remuneration Committee reports to the Council and from both the Council and the Board. Other individuals including the
Board on its proceedings after each meeting on all matters relating CEO, Chief Risk Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Performance
to its duties and powers and makes recommendations to the Management Director are regular attendees with others invited to
Council or Board on any area within its remit where action or attend all or part of any meeting as and when deemed appropriate
improvement is needed. by the Risk Committee or its Chair. The Committee submits an
annual report to the Board. It also reports to the Council and the
The Remuneration Committee submits a written report to the Board on its proceedings after each meeting. The minutes of Risk
Council annually. Committee meetings are submitted to the Board and the Council.
The Remuneration Committee is chaired by the Senior Independent A table showing the Risk Committee members’ attendance at
Deputy Chairman. The Chairman is a member of the committee meetings is set out on pages 84 to 85. It met on ten occasions in 2017.
and its remaining members are drawn from both the Council and
the Board. A table showing Remuneration Committee members’ Market Supervision and Review Committee (MSARC)
attendance at Remuneration Committee meetings is set out on MSARC takes decisions regarding the exercise of Lloyd’s
pages 84 to 85. enforcement powers. It also acts as a review body capable,
where appropriate, of amending, modifying or withdrawing certain
The Remuneration Committee met on four occasions in 2017. decisions taken by the Executive affecting managing agents. It also
The Remuneration Committee’s full report is on pages 93 to 103. acts as the body that determines whether certain decisions can be
referred to the Lloyd’s Appeal Tribunal and can also make certain
The Principal Committees of the Board business decisions.
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee’s role is to ensure that the financial activities MSARC meets at the discretion of its Chairman. MSARC submits
of Lloyd’s are subject to independent review and audit. The Audit a written report to the Board annually and may submit additional
Committee’s functions in 2017 included reviewing Lloyd’s annual and reports to inform the Board of any matters of material concern
interim financial statements in 2017, the aggregate syndicate results as and when required.
and the Lloyd’s Return to the PRA; and the Solvency II Pillar 3 return
to the PRA. A table showing MSARC members’ attendance at MSARC meetings
is set out on pages 84 to 85. MSARC met on two occasions in 2017.
The CEO, Chief Risk Officer, Chief Financial Officer, senior
managers and the external and internal auditors attend meetings as Capacity Transfer Panel
appropriate. The Chairman also attends some Audit Committee The Capacity Transfer Panel (CTP) was established principally
meetings by invitation. to exercise the Council’s powers in relation to minority buyouts
and mergers. The Panel meets at the discretion of its Chairman.
Reports from the internal and external auditors on aspects The Panel submits a written report to the Board annually and may
of internal control are reviewed by the Audit Committee and submit additional reports on matters of material concern as and
appropriate action taken in response. when necessary.
A table showing CTP members’ attendance at CTP meetings is set
out on pages 84 to 85. The Panel met on two occasion in 2017.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 81

Society Report
Corporate Governance
Investment Committee Indemnities
The Investment Committee monitors the investment objectives The Society has given indemnities to a number of its subsidiary
and parameters of centrally managed assets and is responsible for undertakings, and the directors thereof, in respect of any claims or
reviewing the performance of these funds. In addition, it monitors actions which may be brought against them or any future operating
the investment operations of the Treasury and Investment losses incurred by them in connection with the companies’ activities.
Management department in respect of all funds under its The Society has also given indemnities to and has agreed to cover
management and approves all investment counterparties. It may certain specific costs that may be incurred by members of the
also make more general recommendations concerning investment Council, the Board, the Lloyd’s Regulatory Board and the Lloyd’s
activity at Lloyd’s. Market Board (the latter two boards ceased during 2002) and of
their respective sub-committees, the Society staff and also certain
The Investment Committee meets at the discretion of its Chairman. individuals and organisations who have been asked to carry out or
The Investment Committee submits a written report to the Board provide services to the Society or on behalf of, or for the benefit of,
annually and may submit additional reports on matters of material its members.
concern as and when necessary. The Investment Committee is
required to obtain the approval of the Board before making any Council, Board and committee assessments
decisions which may materially affect the financial risks applying In accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code, an external
to the Society or Lloyd’s market entities. and independent evaluation of the performance of the Council,
Board, Audit, Remuneration and Nominations & Governance
A table showing Investment Committee members’ attendance at Committees is undertaken every three years. The next external
Investment Committee meetings is set out on pages 84 to 85. evaluation is due to be undertaken at the end of 2018.
The Investment Committee met on four occasions in 2017.
The Secretary to the Council conducted an assessment of the
Terms of reference and appointment terms Council, Board and their principal committees at the start of 2018.
The terms of reference for the Council, Board and their committees The assessment was based on the results of questionnaires issued
(including the Audit, Remuneration, Nominations & Governance to the members of these bodies.
Committees) can be found on lloyds.com. The terms of reference
for the Chairman, Deputy Chairmen (including the Senior The principal conclusion of the assessment was that the current
Independent Deputy Chairman) and CEO can also be found on governance arrangements were working effectively and in
lloyds.com. accordance with the Governance Policies and that the Council and
its principal committees were operating in accordance with their
The terms and conditions of appointment of non-executive terms of reference.
members of the Board and the Council are available on request
from the Secretary to the Council. Among the other major findings were:
Annual General Meeting — To identify further options to enable active and early
The Council reports to the members at the Annual General Meeting engagement with members of both the Board and the Council
(AGM). A summary business presentation is given at the AGM by the in the development of Lloyd’s longer term strategy.
CEO and Chief Financial Officer, before the Chairman deals with the — Following the first year of operation of the non-executive
business of the meeting. Risk Committee, to ensure that there is sufficient clarity in the
delineation of responsibilities and interactions between the
Voting entitlement at general meetings is generally capacity-based Risk Committee, Audit Committee and the Board.
for both external and working members, except at general meetings
— Whilst recognising that responsibility for ensuring that robust
called on the requisition of members under section 6(4) of the
succession plans are in place for appointed positions on the
Lloyd’s Act 1982 for the purpose of revoking or annulling byelaws, at
Board and Council has been delegated to the Nominations &
which each member has one vote. The resolutions to be considered
Governance Committee, it remains important to ensure that
at general meetings are published on lloyds.com.
members of the Board and Council have sufficient visibility
over the committee’s activities in that area.
The recommendations for improvement will be taken forward under
the guidance of the Chairman and the Secretary to the Council.
82 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Individual assessment
The Chairman meets each non-executive director on the Board
and each member of the Council once a year to appraise their
performance. The Senior Independent Deputy Chairman also seeks
the views of the Board and the Council on the performance of the
Chairman. These views are conveyed to the Chairman by the Senior
Independent Deputy Chairman.
Training and induction
All new appointments to the Council and Board receive an induction
pack containing guidance notes on Lloyd’s governance arrangements.
In addition, new members of the Council and Board are provided
with an induction programme which includes briefings with senior
executive management and others on Lloyd’s, its operations and
key issues of the day.
In addition, in 2017, three briefings on a range of Lloyd’s related
topics were made available to all members of the Council and
the Board.
Independent professional advice
Members of the Council and Board have access to independent
professional advice, if required.
Conflicts of interest
A register of interests is maintained by the Secretary to the Council
for members of the Council, Board and their committees and is
available for inspection by members.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 83

Society Report
Corporate Governance
Attendance record
Nominations &
The Governance Remuneration Audit Investment Risk
Council Board Committee Committee Committee CTP1 Committee MSARC2 Committee
Chairman of the Council
Bruce Carnegie-Brown3,5 a4/4 a7/7 a2/2 2/2
John Nelson4,5 a4/4 a5/5 a2/2 2/2
Executive Directors
Inga Beale 7/7 10/10 3/4
Jon Hancock 10/10
John Parry 10/10 4/4
Non-Executive Council members
Working members
Simon Beale 7/7 4/4
Andrew Brooks 5/7
Dominic Christian 5/7
Karen Green6 6/7 3/3 9/10
Julian James 7/7
Neil Maidment 7/7 8/10
External members
Jeffery Barratt 7/7
Robert Childs7 6/7
Matthew Fosh 6/7
Dominick Hoare8 4/4
Philip Swatman 6/7 4/4 4/4
Michael Watson9 7/7 3/4
Nominated members
Gregory Fleming 10 0/1
Andy Haste 5/7 4/4 a4/4 a2/2 a4/4
Fred Hu11 2/4
Sir David Manning 7/7 4/4
Non-Executive Board members
Sir Andrew Cahn 9/10 6/10
Mark Cloutier12 8/10 3/3 2/4
Charles Franks 6/10 4/4 4/4 8/10
Joy Griffiths13,15 6/6 a5/5
Patricia Jackson14,15 6/7 a8/8
Richard Keers 8/10 a4/4
Richard Pryce6 5/10 3/3
Martin Read9 7/10 4/4 1/4
84 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Nominations &
The Governance Remuneration Audit Investment Risk
Council Board Committee Committee Committee CTP1 Committee MSARC2 Committee
Other Committee members
Richard Boys-Stones 2/2
Martin Bride 4/4
Margaret Chamberlain 1/2
Edward Creasy 2/2
Lady Delves Broughton16 0/2
Lady Chantal Davis16 1/1
David Gittings 2/2
David Harden16 1/1
Reg Hinkley 2/2
Paul Jardine17 1/1
Alan Lovell 2/2
Nick Marsh 2/2
Philip Matthews 4/4
Jo Rickard a2/2
Sacha Sadan 4/4
Jane Styles 2/4
Paul Swain 2/2
a Chairman
Notes
1. Capacity Transfer Panel.
2. Market Supervision and Review Committee.
3. Bruce Carnegie-Brown was appointed as a nominated member of Council and as the Chairman of Council and the Board with effect from 15 June 2017. He also attended
the Council meeting on 29 March 2017 and the Board meetings on 28 March 2017 and 25 May 2017 as an observer (included in the statistics above).
4. John Nelson stepped down as the Chairman of the Council and as a nominated member of Council, and as the Chairman of the Board on 31 May 2017.
5. John Nelson also stood down as the Chairman of the Nominations Committee and as a member of the Remuneration Committee on 31 May 2017 and was succeeded
by Bruce Carnegie-Brown.
6. Karen Green and Richard Pryce joined the Remuneration Committee on 2 February 2017.
7. Robert Childs joined the Nominations & Governance Committee on 27 September 2017.
8. Dominick Hoare was formally elected to Council as from 19 April 2017. He also attended the Council meeting on 29 March 2017 as an observer (included in the statistics above).
9. Michael Watson and Martin Read joined the Audit Committee on 2 February 2017.
10. Gregory Fleming was appointed as a nominated member of Council on 30 March 2017 and relinquished his position on 27 September 2017.
11. Fred Hu stepped down as a nominated member of Council on 7 May 2017.
12. Mark Cloutier joined the Nominations & Governance Committee on 2 February 2017.
13. Joy Griffiths’ term of office as an independent non-executive director of the Board expired on 30 June 2017.
14. Patricia Jackson was appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Board on 30 March 2017.
15. Patricia Jackson was formally appointed as a member of the Risk Committee on 6 April 2017. She also attended two Risk Committee meetings in April 2017 as an observer
(included in the statistics above). Joy Griffiths chaired the first five Risk Committee meetings of the year prior to her retirement on 30 June 2017. Patricia Jackson chaired the
remaining five meetings of the Risk Committee.
16. Lady Delves Broughton recused herself from CTP proceedings. Her nominated alternates Lady Davis and David Harden represented her at the first and second meetings of the
year respectively.
17. Paul Jardine was a member of the Remuneration Committee until his term on Council expired on 31 January 2017.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 85

Society Report
Corporate Governance: The Council
1. Bruce Carnegie-Brown 2. Inga Beale DBE 3. Andy Haste*
Nominated member Nominated member Nominated member
Appointed 15 June 2017 Appointed 27 January 2014 Appointed 1 November 2012
Chairman of Lloyd’s Chief Executive Officer Senior Independent Deputy Chairman of Lloyd’s
Chairman of the Nominations Inga Beale was appointed Chief Executive Officer Member of the Nominations
& Governance Committee in January 2014. Previously she was Group Chief & Governance Committee
Member of the Remuneration Committee Executive of Canopius with its principal Chairman of the Remuneration Committee
Bruce Carnegie-Brown was appointed Chairman operations at Lloyd’s. Prior to that she spent four Andy Haste is Chairman of Wonga Group. He
in June 2017. He is currently also Chairman of years with Zurich Insurance Group including a is also Senior Independent Director of ITV, and
Moneysupermarket Group and a Vice-Chairman period as Global Chief Underwriting Officer. She is a Member of both its Audit and Nomination
of Banco Santander. He was a Non-Executive was Group CEO of Swiss reinsurer Converium Committees. He Chaired ITV’s Remuneration
Director of JLT Group plc from 2016 to 2017, prior Ltd and while there she led a major turnaround Committee from 2010 to 2017. Since 2012 he has
to which he was Non-Executive Chairman of Aon of the business before it was acquired by SCOR also been Senior Independent Deputy Chairman
UK Ltd from 2012 to 2015, Senior Independent in 2007. She started her career as a reinsurance of Lloyd’s, where he Chairs its Remuneration
Director of Catlin Group Ltd from 2010 to 2014 underwriter with Prudential before spending Committee, Investment Committee and Capacity
and Chief Executive for Marsh UK and Europe 14 years in a variety of international roles for Transfer Panel. His previous roles include Group
from 2003 to 2006. He was also a Senior GE Insurance Solutions. She is a Member of the Chief Executive of RSA Insurance Group plc,
Independent Director of Close Brothers Group UK Government’s Financial Services Trade Chief Executive of AXA Sun Life plc, Director of
plc from 2006 to 2014. He previously worked at and Investment Board, the London Mayor’s AXA UK plc (life and pensions), President and
JP Morgan for 18 years in a number of senior Business Advisory Board, the Geneva Chief Executive Officer of GE Capital Global
roles and was Managing Partner of 3i Group plc’s Association Board, and is President of the Consumer Finance Western Europe and Eastern
Quoted Private Equity Division from 2007 to UK Chartered Insurance Institute. Europe and President and CEO of National
2009. He is President of the Chartered Westminster Bank’s US Consumer Credit
Management Institute. Business (retail banking). He was also a Member
of the Board of the Association of British Insurers
from 2003 to 2011. He is one of the leading
practitioners from business, the media and
other organisations who assist with research,
programmes and events at the Oxford University
Centre for Corporate Reputation.
4. Simon Beale 5. Robert Childs
Working member (Representative of Hiscox Dedicated Corporate
Elected 8 February 2012 Member Ltd)
Deputy Chairman of Lloyd’s External member
Member of the Nominations & Governance Elected 1 February 2012
Committee Deputy Chairman of Lloyd’s
Simon Beale is currently Deputy Chief Executive Member of the Nominations & Governance
Officer of MS Amlin and will assume full Committee
responsibility on 1 April 2018. He is an Executive Robert Childs is Non-Executive Chairman of
Director of the MS Amlin plc Board and Non- Hiscox. He was Chairman of the Lloyd’s Market
Executive Director of MS Amlin Underwriting Ltd, Association from January 2003 to May 2005
the managing agency for Syndicate 2001 of which and is currently Deputy Chairman of Lloyd’s.
he was joint Active Underwriter until 2012. He has
been with MS Amlin since 1994 and has most
recently held the position of Chief Underwriting
Officer since 2012. He has worked in the Lloyd’s
market since 1984 and has served on various
Lloyd’s Underwriting Committees including the
Lloyd’s Market Association Board.
86 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 *Considered to be an independent Non-Executive Director.

6. Jeffery Barratt 7. Andrew Brooks 8. Dominic Christian
(Representative of Nameco (No 1249) Ltd) Working member Working member
External member Elected 1 February 2017 Elected 1 February 2014
Elected 1 February 2017 Andrew Brooks has been Chief Executive Officer Member of the Nominations
Jeffery Barratt is a lawyer and has been a member of Ascot Underwriting Ltd since 2008 and a & Governance Committee
of Lloyd’s since 1987. He is a Director of the member of the Board since 2004. He joined Dominic Christian is Executive Chairman of Aon
Association of Lloyd’s Members. He was a Partner Ascot at its inception in 2001 and was promoted Benfield International. He is also Chief Executive
at Norton Rose Fulbright for many years, to Chief Underwriting Officer in 2005. He has Officer of Aon UK Ltd. He sits on Aon Group’s
specialising in project finance and financial law and worked in the Lloyd’s market since 1983 and is Executive Committee. Previously he served as
held a number of management positions within the currently a member of the Lloyd’s Market co-Chief Executive Officer of Aon Benfield and
firm. He has been actively involved in promoting the Association and London Market Group Boards. prior to this as a Group Board Director of Benfield
City’s interests for a number of years and Chaired He also served on the Lloyd’s Claims Group plc. He has nearly 32 years of experience
TCUK Infrastructure and Energy Executive Board Implementation Board. as a Lloyd’s Broker. He is also the Chairman of
from 2013 to 2017. He was a Non-Executive the Lloyd’s Tercentenary Research Foundation
Director of the International Project Finance and a Director of The Bermuda Society and the
Association from 2011 and sat on the London Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation. He
Council from 2011 to 2018 and currently sits on the Chairs the University of East Anglia’s Campaign
International Advisory Group of the CBI. He was Advisory Board. He was the President of the
Chairman of the Cook Society in 2015 and 2016 Insurance Institute of London in 2015-2016 and
and is now Deputy Chairman. He actively supports recently elected as Chairman of ClimateWise. He
a number of children’s charities including the is Chairman of the Sainsbury Centre for Visual Arts.
Dyspraxia Foundation, Snow-Camp, Beanstalk,
Wooden Spoon and the Change Foundation.
9. Matthew Fosh 10. Karen Green 11. Dominick Hoare
(Representative of Novae Corporate Working member (Representative of Munich Re Capital Ltd)
Underwriting Ltd) Elected 1 February 2015 External member
External member Member of the Remuneration Committee Elected 19 April 2017
Elected 1 February 2010 Member of the Risk Committee Dominick Hoare is Chief Underwriting Officer of
Matthew Fosh is Executive Chairman, Europe Karen Green is Deputy Chair of Aspen Managing Munich Re Syndicate Ltd and is also an Executive
for Axis Group. He was formerly Chief Executive Agency Ltd (“AMAL”) and former CEO of Aspen Director of both Munich Re Specialty Group
Officer of Novae Group plc from 2002 to 2017, UK, which includes AMAL. She also performs a Ltd and Munich Re Capital Ltd. He also holds
prior to its acquisition by Axis in October 2017. number of other roles for the Aspen Group and is various Non-Executive Directorships of subsidiary
He previously worked in the equity markets a Non-Executive Director of Phoenix Group companies of Munich Re Specialty Group Ltd.
with Strauss Turnbull and Sheppards during the Holdings. She had previously worked as a He has worked in the Lloyd’s market since 1985
1980s, before moving to the Futures & Options Principal with the global private equity firm MMC and has served on various Lloyd’s underwriting
markets during the 1990s, where he co-founded Capital Inc (now Stone Point Capital). Before this, committees including the Lloyd’s Market
a derivative trading business, Seagray Fosh she was a Director at GE Capital in London, Association Board.
Futures Ltd. He subsequently sold the business co-running the business development team
in 2002 to ICAP plc, before joining Novae Group. responsible for mergers and acquisitions in
He has sat on the Inclusion@Lloyd’s Steering Europe. She started her career as an Investment
Committee since its formation in 2014. Banker with Baring Brothers and then Schroders.
She is a Trustee of the Lloyd’s Charities Trust.
She is a Member (and former Chair) of the
Development Council for the Almeida Theatre
Company. She is also a Vice President of the
Insurance Institute of London.
*Considered to be an independent Non-Executive Director. Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 87

Society Report
Corporate Governance: The Council
12. Julian James 13. Neil Maidment 14. Sir David Manning GCMG KCVO*
Working member Working member Nominated member
Elected 1 February 2016 Elected 1 February 2016 Appointed 1 September 2010
Julian James is Chief Executive Officer of Allied Member of the Risk Committee Member of the Nominations
World Managing Agency Ltd. He has worked in Neil Maidment has worked in the Lloyd’s market & Governance Committee
the Lloyd’s market since 1981 after starting his for 33 years. He is Chief Underwriting Officer of Sir David Manning retired from the Diplomatic
insurance career at Sedgwick (one of the former Beazley plc and Active Underwriter for its Lloyd’s Service in 2007 after four years as Ambassador
companies of Marsh & McLennan). Prior to joining syndicates. He is a Director of Beazley Furlonge to the United States of America. He is a Director
Allied World he was CEO of Lockton International Ltd, the group’s Lloyd’s managing agency, and a of Gatehouse Advisory Partners. He is Chair
and a Director of the Corporation. He is Director of Beazley plc. In 2011 he was elected to of the Advisory Board of IDEAS at the London
Vice President of the Insurance Institute the Board of the Lloyd’s Market Association School of Economics and of Macquarie’s
of London and a past President of the (LMA) and was appointed LMA Chairman in Infrastructure and Real Estate Advisory Board.
Chartered Insurance Institute. November 2015. He is on the Panel of Senior Advisers at the
Royal Institute of International Affairs,
Chatham House and a Member of the
Advisory Board of British American Business.
He is President of Step Together.
15. Philip Swatman 16. Michael Watson
(Representative of Nomina No 115 LLP) (Representative of Flectat Ltd)
External member External member
Elected 1 February 2016 Elected 1 February 2013
Member of the Audit Committee Member of the Audit Committee
Member of the Remuneration Committee Michael Watson is Executive Chairman of
Philip Swatman is a chartered accountant and Canopius AG, a private equity backed global
has been a member of Lloyd’s since 1987. He specialty re(insurance) business with its principal
worked for NM Rothschild for 29 years becoming operations at Lloyd’s. He led the original
co-head of Investment Banking and retiring as management buy-out of Canopius in 2003
a Vice-Chairman in 2008. He was formerly and again in 2018. He has more than 40 years’
Chairman of Merlin Reputation Management Ltd experience in commercial and investment
and a Non-Executive Director of Investec banking, trade finance, stock broking, life and
Structured Products Calculus VCT plc, Mytrah non-life insurance, gained in London, Bermuda
Energy and New England Seafood International. and New York. He is a Chartered Accountant
He is currently Chairman of Cambria Automobiles and serves on the Board of the Lloyd’s Market
plc, Wyvern Partners, Eddie Stobart Logistics plc Association and Weston Insurance
and Cranborne Chase Asset Finance Ltd. Holdings Corporation.
888888 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 *Considered to be an independent Non-Executive Director.

Society Report Society Report
Corporate Governance: The Council Corporate Governance: The Board
1. Bruce Carnegie-Brown 2. Inga Beale DBE 3. Mike Bracken*
Chairman of the Board Executive Director Independent Non-Executive Director
Appointed 15 June 2017 Appointed 27 January 2014 Appointed 1 March 2018
Chairman of Lloyd’s Chief Executive Officer Mike Bracken was formerly Chief Digital Officer
Chairman of the Nominations Biography on page 86 at the Co-Op Group and prior to that he spent
& Governance Committee four years as the UK Government’s Executive
Member of the Remuneration Committee Director, Digital and also as Chief Data Officer.
Biography on page 86 In this role he created the Government Digital
Service, the organisation behind GOV.UK
and the transformation of mainstream
government transactions.
4. Sir Andrew Cahn KCMG* 5. Mark Cloutier 6. Charles Franks
Independent Non-Executive Director Market connected Non-Executive Director Market connected Non-Executive Director
Appointed 4 April 2011 Appointed 1 April 2015 Appointed 1 January 2012
Member of the Risk Committee Member of the Audit Committee Member of the Audit Committee
Sir Andrew Cahn is a Non-Executive Director at Member of the Nominations Member of the Nominations
Nomura International plc and General Dynamics & Governance Committee & Governance Committee
(UK). He is also a Non-Executive Director of Mark Cloutier was appointed Executive Chairman Member of the Risk Committee
Huawei Technologies (UK) and Chairs its Audit of Brit Group on 1 January 2017 following his role Charles Franks is Group Chief Executive Officer
Committee. He is Chair of WWF (UK) and on the as Chief Executive Officer of the Brit Group since of Tokio Marine Kiln Group and of its Lloyd’s
International Board of WWF. He is also a Trustee 2011. He serves on the Board of Brit Ltd and is a managing agency, Tokio Marine Kiln Syndicates
of the Gatsby Foundation and the Institute for Member of the Investment Committee and the Ltd and insurance company Tokio Marine Kiln
Government. Until 2011 he was the CEO of UK Executive Committee. With more than 35 years’ Insurance Ltd. Having joined Kiln in 1993, he
Trade and Investment. experience working in the international insurance became a Director of R J Kiln in 1995 and was
and reinsurance sector he holds a number of appointed Active Underwriter of the Marine
non-executive positions and has held a number of division in 2001. He became Chief Executive of
CEO and senior executive positions, including R J Kiln in 2007. He is an Executive Officer of
CEO of the Alea Group, CEO of Overseas Tokio Marine Holdings.
Partners Re and President of E.W. Blanch
Insurance Services Inc. He has worked in
partnership with a number of leading private
equity and institutional investors including
Kohlberg Kravis Roberts (KKR), Fortress
Investment Group, Apollo LP, CVC Capital
Partners, Ontario Municipal Employees
Retirement Services and Texas Teachers
Retirement Services.
*Considered to be an independent Non-Executive Director. Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 888999

Society Report
Corporate Governance: The Board
7. Jon Hancock 8. Nigel Hinshelwood*
Executive Director Independent Non-Executive Director
Appointed 1 December 2016 Appointed 1 March 2018
Director, Performance Management Nigel Hinshelwood has more than 27 years’
Jon Hancock was appointed Director of experience in the financial services sector, working
Performance Management in December 2016 across the UK and Europe, North and South
and is responsible for performance management, America, the Middle East and Asia Pacific. He was
capital setting and risk management in the most recently Head of HSBC UK and Deputy Chief
market. He joined Lloyd’s from RSA where he Executive Officer of HSBC Bank plc. He had a
had enjoyed a career of more than 25 years with 12 year career at HSBC, where he was a Group
the insurance company, starting as a Marine General Manager, in a variety of senior global
Underwriter in their Liverpool office. Working roles including Global Head of Operations, Chief
across UK regions, the London market as well Operating Officer for Europe, Middle East and
as many years overseas, he has held a variety of Africa, Head of HSBC Insurance Holdings and Head
chief underwriter and risk roles in both developed of Business Transformation. Prior to joining HSBC,
and emerging markets prior to becoming he was a Partner at Ernst & Young (subsequently
Chief Executive Officer for their Asia & Middle Cap Gemini Ernst & Young) where he held
East businesses. Prior to leaving RSA he was numerous positions including Head of Financial
Managing Director of the UK Commercial and Services and Chief Executive Officer of Southeast
European Specialty Lines businesses and Global Asia. He was also a Group General Manager
Relationship Director for the RSA Group. with Unisys where he was responsible for the
Financial Services practice in Asia Pacific. He is a
Non-Executive Director on the Board of Marks &
Spencer Financial Services plc and an Independent
Non Executive Director of Nordea Bank AB.
9. Patricia Jackson* 10. Richard Keers*
Independent Non-Executive Director Independent Non-Executive Director
Appointed 30 March 2017 Appointed 1 June 2016
Chairman of the Risk Committee Chairman of the Audit Committee
Patricia Jackson is a Non-Executive Director and Richard Keers was appointed a Director and Chief
Chair of the Risk Committee of the digital Financial Officer of Schroders plc in May 2013. He
challenger bank Atom, SMBC Nikko Capital is a chartered accountant and was a Senior Audit
Markets Ltd and BGL, which owns Compare The Partner of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC)
Market. She is a Council Member of the European until May 2013. He became a Partner of PwC in
Money and Finance Forum SUERF and an 1997 and has 25 years’ experience in the audits of
Adjunct Professor at the Imperial College global financial services groups. His experience
Business School. From 2004 to 2013 she was a includes time spent in PwC’s New York, Sydney,
Partner at EY and led the risk governance and Edinburgh and London offices.
financial regulation practice across EMEIA. Up
until 2004 she was a Senior Official at the Bank
of England and Head of the Financial Industry
and Regulation Division. She represented the UK
on the Basel Committee for Banking Supervision
for seven years.
90 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 *Considered to be an independent Non-Executive Director.

Society Report
Corporate Governance: The Board
11. Fiona Luck* 12. John Parry
Independent Non-Executive Director Executive Director
Appointed 1 March 2018 Appointed 11 December 2014
Fiona Luck has more than 25 years’ experience in Chief Financial Officer
insurance and reinsurance. She was a Non- John Parry was appointed Chief Financial Officer
Executive Director of the Bermuda Monetary in December 2014 and is responsible for the
Authority from 2013 to 2018. Previously, she was financial reporting for the Society and the Lloyd’s
Non-Executive Director at Catlin Holdings Ltd market, capital setting and capital adequacy.
and Allied World Holdings Ltd and, prior to that, Finance also covers treasury and investment
spent a decade at XL Capital Ltd, in a variety of management and the tax affairs of the
senior roles including Chief of Staff to the CEO Corporation and market in the UK and overseas.
and Executive Vice-President responsible for He is a chartered accountant and joined Lloyd’s in
Strategy, Global HR, IT and Corporate Social August 2001 and was previously Finance Director
Responsibility. She has also worked for the of various Lloyd’s managing agents.
ACE Group from 1996 to 1999 and was President
and CEO of Marsh and McLennan’s Bermuda
operation from 1992 to 1996. She is a
chartered accountant.
13. Richard Pryce 14. Dr Martin Read CBE*
Market connected Non-Executive Director Independent Non-Executive Director
Appointed 1 January 2017 Appointed 14 September 2009
Member of the Remuneration Committee Member of the Audit Committee
Richard Pryce joined QBE European Operations Member of the Remuneration Committee
as Deputy CEO in 2012 and became CEO the Martin Read is Chairman of Laird plc, the
following year. He is also the CEO of QBE two government-owned companies (the Low
Underwriting Ltd and is a member of QBE’s Carbon Contracts Company and the Electricity
Group Executive Committee. He has worked in Settlements Company) that manage contracts
the London insurance market for more than 30 and payments under the electricity market reform
years, including holding several roles at ACE, programme, the Remuneration Consultants Group
where he became President of ACE Global and the UK Government Senior Salaries Review
Markets in 2003, assuming the additional Body. He was Chief Executive of international IT
responsibility for the UK business in 2007 and services company Logica from 1993 to 2007 and
was the Active Underwriter of syndicate 2488. has served as a Non-Executive Director on the
Boards of Invensys, Aegis Group, British Airways,
Siemens Holdings, Boots, ASDA and the UK
Government Efficiency and Reform Board. He led
UK Government reviews on back office operations
and IT across the public sector (2009) and
management information (2012).
*Considered to be an independent Non-Executive Director. Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 91

Society Report
Internal Control Statement
The Board, on behalf of the Council, has responsibility for One such technique is the comprehensive risk and control
the Society’s system of internal control and for reviewing its assessment process, which is conducted on a regular basis.
effectiveness. The Audit Committee monitors and reviews the This review re-assesses the existing risks and identifies any new
effectiveness of the system of internal control, providing biannual or emerging risks. It evaluates the performance of key controls
reports to the Board. The Executive Committee is responsible for and also seeks to monitor the action plans in place to help manage
the implementation and maintenance of the internal control system risks. The framework also enables Lloyd’s to undertake a more
and for instilling a strong internal control environment across the forward looking assessment of risk, building capital consideration
Corporation and market. into the decision making processes. An Own Risk and Solvency
Assessment (ORSA) is performed every year, bringing together key
The internal control system provides the foundation for the safe and risk, capital and solvency management information on a more formal
sound operation of the business, ensuring compliance with relevant basis for the Board on a current and future basis. While an annual
laws and regulations and the safeguarding of assets. The system process, the ORSA is reviewed on a quarterly basis to ensure it
is designed to reduce, rather than eliminate, the risk of failure to remains relevant.
achieve business objectives and can only provide reasonable but
not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss. The risk governance structure, which includes the Risk Committee
provides clear independent challenge to the risk takers at Lloyd’s
In accordance with the guidance of the UK Corporate Governance and enables tailored risk management operating models, rather
Code on internal control, and Solvency II requirements, there is than a ‘one-size-fits-all’ platform.
an established, ongoing process for identifying, evaluating and
managing significant business, operational, financial, compliance The Risk Committee oversees, challenges and where appropriate
and other risks. Other procedures such as our Speaking-up Policy escalates issues using appropriate management information
whereby any member of staff may take matters that concern them sourced from the Risk Management and internal control
to the Human Resources Director, the Legal and Compliance frameworks, such as the various risk and control assessments,
departments or, where appropriate, to the Chairman of the Audit details of the operating and regulatory environment and capital
Committee or the FCA or the PRA, are clearly set out. Associate management reports. The risk governance structure is reviewed
companies, Ins-sure Holdings Limited and Xchanging Claims on a regular basis to ensure it remains fit for purpose.
Services Limited, are not dealt with as part of the Group for
the purposes of applying the UK Corporate Governance Code. A key objective of the Lloyd’s risk governance structure is to provide
assurance to the Board that risks facing the Society are identified
The Group’s key risk management processes and the system and managed in accordance with approved policy and risk appetite.
of internal control procedures include the following: The Risk Appetite Framework articulates the level of risk believed
to be acceptable and desirable for Lloyd’s through a series of risk
Management structure appetite statements and metrics. These are monitored on an
ongoing basis by both the business areas responsible for each
‘Lloyd’s Governance Arrangements: A Guide for Members of Lloyd’s
risk area and the Risk Committee.
Committees’, reviewed and updated in February 2018, outlines the
governance structure and committee members’ duties and
A framework of regular self-certification, with targeted independent
responsibilities, including confidentiality and conflicts and
challenge, is in place and where control failures have been reported,
declarations of interest.
details of the circumstances are required together with appropriate
corrective actions. A summary of these reports is reviewed by the
There is a clearly defined organisation structure with terms of
Executive Committee, Risk Committee, Board and the Audit
reference agreed for the CEO and all directors which sets out, inter
Committee on a regular basis.
alia, their functions and powers, authority to act and limitations on
authority. Role profiles are required to ensure that employees are
Internal auditors also perform independent reviews of control
aware of their role and responsibilities and sets out the equivalent
activities as part of their annual programme as approved by the
information, as agreed with their line manager.
Audit Committee. The Head of Internal Audit reports to the
Executive Committee on a regular basis and to each Audit
The Society is committed to the highest standards of business
Committee meeting.
conduct. Corporate policies and procedures are available to all staff
and include the Code of Conduct, Compliance Manual, Employee
A compliance plan is in place to manage the risk associated with
Handbook, Health & Safety Policy, Information Security and
non-compliance with FCA/PRA regulatory processes. The Head
Computer Usage Policy, Procurement Policy, Risk Policies, Financial
of Compliance provides progress reports to the Risk Committee.
Policies and authorisation limits. These policies and procedures are
regularly reviewed and updated.
International regulatory compliance risk is overseen through the
Overseas Risk Assessments completed by global offices.
Lloyd’s maintains an internal audit function that reports to the CEO
and the Audit Committee. The Head of Internal Audit is supported
Information and financial reporting systems
by Deloitte LLP which provides resources to complete the annual
Internal Audit Plan. An annual budget for the Society is reviewed in detail by the
Executive Committee and is considered and approved by the
Identification and evaluation of business risks Board and Council. Monthly financial reports compare actual
performance with the annual budget and management action is
The Risk Management Framework (the framework) ensures that
taken, where appropriate, when variances arise. Revised forecasts
the identification, assessment, monitoring and management of all
are prepared regularly.
material risks affecting the Society takes place on an ongoing basis.
The framework includes a number of risk assessment techniques,
which are tailored to specific risk areas.
92 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Society Report
Report of the Remuneration Committee
This report is based upon best practice as set out in the UK Key management and Board changes
Corporate Governance Code and by reference to the Directors’ Bruce Carnegie-Brown became the Chairman of Lloyd’s on
remuneration reporting regulations for UK listed companies. 15 June 2017. His annual fee on appointment was £600,000pa,
The code and regulations are directed at companies listed on and will remain at this level for 2018.
the London Stock Exchange, whereas Lloyd’s is a market of many
separate and competing trading entities. Nonetheless, the Council UK Pension changes
supports their principles insofar as they can be applied to the
As part of the review of benefits across the Corporation, it
governance of the Society.
was decided during the year that the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme
(the Corporation’s defined benefit scheme) would close to future
Statement by Chair of the accrual from 30 June 2018. As a result of this change, John Parry
Remuneration Committee CFO will join the Group Personal Pension Plan (GPP), the
Corporation’s defined contribution plan, on the same terms as
I am pleased to present the Remuneration Committee’s report for the other Executive Directors.
2017 in the following pages. As in previous years, the Committee
continues to focus on delivering a remuneration policy that is The GPP contribution matrix was also externally benchmarked
capable of attracting and retaining the calibre of employees needed and reviewed, with increased levels being approved from 2018 for
to deliver the Corporation’s strategic priorities and maintain an all employees.
effective market oversight regime. The following themes underpin
our remuneration policy: Review of remuneration policy
— Nature of the Corporation – our remuneration structure During 2017, Lloyd’s carried out a review of the current incentive
for Executive Directors reflects the unique nature of the framework with a view to simplifying existing arrangements
Corporation. We operate a policy with a decreased emphasis under a single Lloyd’s Incentive Plan, for all employees across
on variable pay to reflect better the nature and market oversight the organisation.
role of the organisation.
— Alignment to strategy – individual performance bonuses The key features under the revised framework effective from
are linked to the annual KPIs and our achievements against 2018 include:
strategic priorities.
— An individual performance award linked to the annual KPIs
— Alignment to the Lloyd’s market – an element of remuneration is and strategic priorities.
based on the profitability of the Lloyd’s market. This is designed
— A market award directly linked to the profitability of the Lloyd’s
to encourage an attitude of commercial partnership with the
market, and now also subject to personal performance.
market and align the interests of participants with capital
— Three year deferral of the market award and the annual bonus
providers. We also incorporate consideration of market and
where required for Solvency II staff.
corporation risk metrics when measuring performance.
— Risk underpins apply to all incentive awards.
Key remuneration decisions
Base salaries are reviewed annually and updated where appropriate. All employees in the Corporation are eligible to participate in Lloyd’s
The Chief Executive Officer’s salary will remain the same for 2018. incentive arrangements, and the framework is consistent across all
The base salaries for the Chief Financial Officer and the employees in the Corporation.
Performance Management Director were increased by 2% for 2018.
A review of UK wider reward was also undertaken in 2017 to ensure
Lloyd’s made good progress against strategic priorities in 2017, total reward remains competitive, relevant and within risk appetite.
which is reflected in the bonus awards (see pages 96 to 98). Reward for non-UK employees will be reviewed in 2018.
The annual bonus awards are based on an assessment of each Andy Haste
Director’s performance against individual key performance Chairman, Remuneration Committee
indicators. The Committee aims to ensure that KPIs are stretching 20 March 2018
and aimed at delivering strategic priorities while remaining in
accordance with Lloyd’s risk policies and risk appetite.
For 2017, no LPP awards have been made.
Solvency II requirements
Last year we made a number of changes to our remuneration
structure to take into account Solvency II. The key changes were:
— Increase in deferral time horizons for Solvency II staff.
— Deferral of a portion of the annual bonus where required to
ensure that PRA guidelines are met for Solvency II staff.
— Introduction of a risk underpin for both the annual bonus
and LPP.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 93

Society Report
Report of the Remuneration Committee
Compliance statement
The Corporation is not required to report under the Directors’ remuneration reporting regulations, as these only apply to UK listed
companies. The Committee has chosen to broadly follow the disclosure principles in those regulations in so far as they can be applied
to the governance of the Society.
For the purposes of this report, ‘Executive Directors’ refers to Inga Beale (Chief Executive Officer or CEO), Jon Hancock (Performance
Management Director) and John Parry (Chief Financial Officer) – i.e. Directors who are current members of the Board.
Summary of remuneration policy and outturns for 2017
The following table provides a summary of how our remuneration policy was implemented in 2017. A summary of the remuneration policy
for 2018 is provided on page 102.
Salary Salaries are set to appropriately recognise responsibilities and be broadly market competitive.
For 2017, annual salaries were as follows:
CEO: £715,000
Chief Financial Officer: £425,000
Performance Management Director: £500,000
Annual Bonus The discretionary annual bonus plan links reward to corporate and individual Key Performance Indicators
(KPIs) aligned with our strategy.
Role Maximum Outturn
CEO 75% of salary 57% of salary
Chief Financial Officer 50% of salary 37% of salary
Performance Management Director 50% of salary 41% of salary
In 2017, annual bonus awards were also subject to a ‘risk underpin’. The Committee assessed performance
against a range of Corporation risk and compliance metrics and decided to apply a downward adjustment
to a number of individual bonus awards across the Corporation.
A portion of the annual bonus will be deferred for three years, so that total incentives meet the PRA
guidance to defer at least 40% of the total variable pay. As there is no LPP award for 2017, 40% of the 2017
bonus award will be deferred for three full years.
Long-term incentives The Lloyd’s Performance Plan (LPP) offers an incentive which is directly linked to the profitability of the
Lloyd’s market. Annual LPP awards are calculated by reference to profit levels in the year. LPP awards
are only triggered for profit in excess of £100m. For 2017, there is no LPP award.
For the Executive Directors, the whole of any LPP award is deferred for three years to be paid in the
fourth financial year following the end of the performance period (April).
For the Executive Directors, a maximum cap of 50% of salary applies.
Executive Directors will receive any LPP deferred from prior years, payable in accordance with the
deferral requirements.
LPP awards are subject to a ‘risk underpin’.
Pension The CEO and Performance Management Director are members of the Group Pension Plan (GPP),
which is a defined contribution plan.
The CEO receives an annual contribution of £40,000 into the GPP. From April 2016, due to changes in the
annual allowance, this has been structured as a £10,000 contribution, with a cash allowance of £26,362
(balance of a £40,000 contribution less employer’s NI). The Performance Management Director receives
an annual contribution of £10,000.
The Chief Financial Officer participates in the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme, which is a defined benefit scheme
which will close to future accrual from 30 June 2018. From 1 July 2018, John Parry will join the Group
Personal Pension Plan with an annual contribution of £10,000.
All Executive Directors receive an additional cash allowance of 20% of base salary.
94 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Society Report
Report of the Remuneration Committee
Annual remuneration report
This part of the report sets out the annual remuneration for 2017 and a summary of how the policy will apply for 2018.
Single total figure of remuneration
The total remuneration receivable in respect of qualifying services for each person who served as a Board Director or member
of Council during the year is shown below. Further detail on annual bonus and LPP Awards is shown on pages 96 to 98.
Salary/fees Other benefits1 Annual bonus LPP Award Pension benefit2 Total
2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Chairman of the Council
Bruce Carnegie-Brown3,4,6,8 327 – – – – – – – – – 327 –
John Nelson8 239 575 32 48 – – – – – – 271 623
Executive Directors
Inga Beale3,4 715 714 5 5 405 400 – 226 179 180 1,304 1,525
Jon Hancock3,5,11 500 42 15 1 204 – – – 118 8 837 51
John Parry3,5 425 423 17 17 157 120 – 134 150 150 749 844
Non-Executive Council members
Working members
Simon Beale 57 55 – – – – – – – – 57 55
Andrew Brooks7 35 – – – – – – – – – 35 –
Dominic Christian 39 39 – – – – – – – – 39 39
Karen Green6 54 39 – – – – – – – – 54 39
Julian James 39 35 – – – – – – – – 39 35
Neil Maidment 48 35 – – – – – – – – 48 35
External members
Jeffery Barratt7,9 35 – – – – – – – – – 35 –
Robert Childs9 46 39 – – – – – – – – 46 39
Matthew Fosh9 39 39 – – – – – – – – 39 39
Dominick Hoare9 27 – – – – – – – – – 27 –
Philip Swatman6,9 55 50 – – – – – – – – 55 50
Michael Watson9 47 39 – – – – – – – – 47 39
Nominated members
Andy Haste6 88 88 – – – – – – – – 88 88
Sir David Manning 46 46 – – – – – – – – 46 46
Non-Executive
Board members
Sir Andrew Cahn 72 63 – – – – – – – – 72 63
Mark Cloutier 78 72 – – – – – – – – 78 72
Charles Franks 88 76 – – – – – – – – 88 76
Patricia Jackson12 57 – – – – – – – – – 57 –
Martin Read6 78 70 1 1 – – – – – – 79 71
Richard Keers12 78 43 – – – – – – – – 78 43
Richard Pryce6,12 69 – – – – – – – – – 69 –
Former members of Council
and Board
Rupert Atkin7 – 5 – – – – – – – – – 5
Tom Bolt10 – 250 – 19 – – – – – 64 – 333
Michael Deeny7,9 – 32 1 9 – – – – – – 1 41
Nick Furlonge12 1 76 1 1 – – – – – – 2 77
Joy Griffiths12 39 63 – – – – – – – – 39 63
Christopher Harman7 – 3 – – – – – – – – – 3
Lawrence Holder 7 3 39 – – – – – – – – 3 39
Fred Hu7 14 39 – 2 – – – – – – 14 41
Claire Ighodaro12 – 75 – – – – – – – – – 75
Paul Jardine6,7,9 5 66 – – – – – – – – 5 66
Alan Lovell7,9 – 12 – – – – – – – – – 12
Sean McGovern10 – 363 – 11 – – – – – 16 – 390
Henrique Meirelles7 – 10 – 4 – – – – – – – 14
Bruce Van Saun12 – 33 – 1 – – – – – – – 34
The information in the above table has been audited by the independent auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 95

Society Report
Report of the Remuneration Committee
Table notes
1. Other benefits include items such as benefit allowances, medical and life insurance.
2. Pension benefit is calculated as 20 times the increase in pension in the year (net of inflation) less the salary sacrificed, and also
includes any pension cash allowances.
3. Current employee of the Corporation.
4. Member of both Council and the Board for 2017.
5. Member of the Board only.
6. Member of the Remuneration Committee during 2017. Paul Jardine retired from the Remuneration Committee on 31 January 2017.
Karen Green and Richard Pryce joined the Remuneration Committee on 2 February 2017.
7. Lawrence Holder and Paul Jardine retired from Council on 31 January 2017. Jeffery Barratt and Andrew Brooks joined Council
on 1 February 2018. Fred Hu retired from Council on 7 May 2017. Rupert Atkin, Christopher Harman and Alan Lovell retired from
Council on 31 January 2016. Henrique Meirelles and Michael Deeny retired from Council on 7 April 2016 and 31 October 2016
respectively.
8. John Nelson retired as Chairman of Lloyd’s on 31 May 2017 and Bruce Carnegie-Brown’s term as Chairman of Lloyd’s started on
15 June 2017.
9. The following members of Council act as representatives of limited liability underwriting vehicles – Jeffery Barratt (Nameco (No
1249) Ltd), Robert Childs (Hiscox Dedicated Corporate Member Ltd), Matthew Fosh (Novae Corporate Underwriting Ltd), Dominick
Hoare (Munich Re Capital Ltd), Philip Swatman (Nomina No 115 LLP) and Michael Watson (Flectat Ltd). The following members
acted as representatives of limited liability underwriting vehicles – Michael Deeny (The Michael Deeny LLP), Paul Jardine (Catlin
Syndicate Ltd) and Alan Lovell (Palace House International (Two) LLP).
10. Tom Bolt resigned as a Corporation employee and as a member of the Board on 31 May 2016. Sean McGovern also resigned
as a Corporation employee and as a member of the Board on 30 September 2016.
11. Jon Hancock was formally appointed as Performance Management Director and as an Executive Director on the Board on
1 December 2016.
12. Richard Pryce and Patricia Jackson joined the Board on 1 January 2017 and 30 March 2017 respectively. Nick Furlonge and Joy
Griffiths retired from the Board on 31 December 2016 and 30 June 2017 respectively. Bruce Van Saun retired from the Board on
31 May 2016 and Richard Keers joined the Board on 1 June 2016. Claire Ighodaro and Nick Furlonge retired from the Board on
31 December 2016.
Salary
The annual salaries of the Executive Directors take into account a range of factors, including increases for all employees across the
Corporation, and are reviewed by the Remuneration Committee annually. 2018 salaries are as follows:
2018 Base
salaries Increase
£000 on 2017
CEO 715 0%
Performance Management Director 510 2%
Chief Financial Officer 433 2%
Increases awarded were lower than the average increases awarded for all employees.
Annual bonus
Executive Directors are eligible for a discretionary annual bonus. Payouts are based on the Committee’s judgement of performance against
corporate and individual Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) for the year. The Remuneration Committee reviews strategic and operational
objectives and KPIs at the start of the financial year, to ensure that they are stretching and aligned to the Corporation’s strategic objectives.
In 2017, annual bonus awards were subject to a ‘risk underpin’. The Committee assessed performance against a range of Corporation risk
and compliance metrics and decided to apply a downward adjustment to a number of individual bonus awards across the Corporation.
96 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Society Report
Report of the Remuneration Committee
Bonus outturns for 2017
The following table sets out the strategic targets and performance against each of the annual KPIs linked to our strategy, which resulted
in the bonus outcomes for 2017.
Annual KPI (strategic priority) Performance
Actions taken to clean up poor performing portfolios. 2017 saw a robust but balanced approach to approving
Market oversight syndicate business plans. The process was more streamlined with a final outcome for 2018 showing acceptable
improvement.
Lloyd’s onshore reinsurance platform in India became operational in April. Lloyd’s obtained Morocco onshore trading
Global Market Access
rights in Casablanca. Lloyd’s are making preparations to write business through a new Lloyd’s Brussels subsidiary.
Planned Placing Platform Ltd business lines went live and a significant system upgrade was delivered. Central
Ease of Doing Business Service Refresh Programme claims functionality delivered. Delegated authority audit tool being used by 98%
of firms resulting in 1500 fewer audits.
Lloyd’s received approval from the PRA for a major model change to its internal model for solvency and capital
Capital setting under Solvency II. Lloyd’s issued £300m of subordinated debt to further strengthen its central assets.
Assets available to cover Central SCR remained in excess of our risk appetite.
Several thought leadership reports published and market reports on business lines. The first in a series of innovation
Innovation
events was launched in June.
Succession planning process for all SIMR roles in the Corporation was reviewed and updated. The Corporation has
Talent set internal gender diversity targets in its senior management population. During the year the percentage of females
in our senior management population in the UK increased by 1.6ppts to 36.7%.
For 2017, international visits to Lloyd’s website increased by 5.7%. Downloads of our thought leadership reports saw
Brand
a significant increase over 2016.
Responsible business strategy for the Corporation has been drafted. A responsible business strategy for the Lloyd’s
Global CSR
market will be considered in 2018.
Management actions were put in place to deal with our risk appetites that were flagged ‘red’ during the year. A review
Risk metric
of the risk appetite framework was carried out.
Taking into account an overall assessment of individual performance and contribution, and Corporation risk, the Committee determined
the following annual bonus payments:
Role Maximum Outturn
CEO 75% of salary 57% of salary
Chief Financial Officer 50% of salary 37% of salary
Performance Management Director 50% of salary 41% of salary
An element of the 2017 annual bonus will be deferred for payment in April 2021, to comply with Solvency II remuneration requirements on
minimum levels of variable remuneration subject to deferral.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 97

Society Report
Report of the Remuneration Committee
Lloyd’s Performance Plan
The Lloyd’s Performance Plan (LPP) has been designed to meet Lloyd’s strategic objectives by enabling the Corporation to offer
an incentive which:
— Is directly linked to the profitability of the Lloyd’s market and will therefore encourage an attitude of commercial partnership with
the market and align the interests of participants with capital providers; and
— Will provide a competitive reward and therefore assist Lloyd’s in attracting and retaining the talented individuals required
to develop and support future strategy.
The plan is operated at the discretion of the Remuneration Committee and can be amended or terminated at any time.
All employees of the Corporation and international offices were eligible to participate in the LPP for 2017 on the basis set out as below.
Overview of LPP awards
— LPP awards are calculated by reference to profit on ordinary activities before tax (PBT), as reported in the pro forma financial
statements in the Lloyd’s Annual Report for each financial year.
— Awards will only be triggered for PBT in excess of £100m.
— Awards for each financial year will be calculated as a percentage of the participants’ salaries at 31 December in that year,
for each £1bn of PBT.
— LPP awards are subject to a ‘risk underpin’. The Committee assesses performance against market-based risk and compliance metrics,
and may apply a downward adjustment where appropriate.
— In respect of the CEO and all Directors and other designated Solvency II staff, any 2017 LPP awards are deferred and paid in April 2021
(subject to a proportionality test as described below).
— For Level 1 employees whose remuneration is below the proportionality test, the LPP will be paid on an ongoing fund basis. Under this
approach, one half of an award will be paid in April following the relevant financial year, with the remaining 50% paid one year later.
— For other employees, the LPP is paid in full in April following the relevant financial year.
The framework for determining LPP awards is as follows:
Job level Amount of LPP award Limits on LPP awards (cap as a percentage of salary)
Executive Directors and other Directors* 15% of salary per £1bn of PBT 50%
Senior managers (Level 1) 10% of salary per £1bn of PBT 30%
Other employees (Level 2-4) 5%-3% of salary per £1bn of PBT (depending on level) 15%-9% (depending on level)
*One Director is on a legacy arrangement of 20% of salary per £1bn PBT, capped at 100% of salary.
2017 LPP awards (outturns)
For 2017, no LPP awards have been made.
The LPP for Executive Directors was previously structured as an ongoing fund. A summary of fund movements in the year is provided below:
Total fund outstanding Amount paid during
as at 31 December 2016 the year ended LPP Award Total fund outstanding
or date of appointment 31 December 2017 in respect of 2017 as at 31 December 2017
£000 £000 £000 £000
Inga Beale 752 (304) – 448
Jon Hancock – – – –
John Parry 261 (16) – 245
The information in this table has been audited by the independent auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.
98 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Society Report
Report of the Remuneration Committee
Pensions
The CEO receives an annual contribution of £40,000 into the Group Personal Pension Plan (GPP), the Corporation’s pension scheme. From
April 2016, due to changes in the annual allowance, this has been structured as a £10,000 contribution, with a cash allowance of £26,362
(which is the balance of a £40,000 contribution less employer’s NI). The CEO also receives a cash allowance of 20% of salary, in line with
other Executive Directors.
The Performance Management Director (Jon Hancock) receives an annual contribution of £10,000 into the GPP Plan. He also receives
an annual cash allowance of 20% of base salary.
The Chief Financial Officer is a member of the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme. The terms of the Scheme and details of accruals and contributions
in the year are as follows:
Details of pension Pension arrangements provide for a pension at normal retirement of two thirds base annual salary after 20 years’ eligible service
arrangements less any entitlement from previous pension arrangements and subject to a Scheme earnings cap of £154,200 from 6 April 2017.
Contributions and
Salary sacrifice of 10% of the earnings cap in exchange for additional employer pension contributions of the same amount.
accruals in 2017
The Chief Financial Officer also received a cash allowance of 20% of base salary. Details of his rights under the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme
and the transfer value of accrued pension benefits are set out below.
Scheme rights Transfer value
Increase Movement
Increase in pension Total accrued Transfer value Transfer value in transfer
Salary sacrifice in pension in year to annual pension of accrued of accrued value over
in year to in year to 31 December in year to pension as at pension as at the year less
31 December Age at 31 December 2017 – net of 31 December Normal 31 December 31 December amounts salary
2017 31 December 2017 – actual price inflation 2017 retirement 2016 2017 sacrificed
£000 2017 £000 £000 £000 pa age £000 £000 £000
15 54 6 4 70 60 1,376 1,535 159
The transfer value represents a liability of the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme, not a sum paid or due to the individual. The transfer value
has increased over the year in line with the increase in accrued pensions and due to changes in market conditions.
From 1 July 2018, John Parry will join the GPP Plan on the same terms as other Executive Directors (i.e. capped annual contribution of
£10,000) and there will be no further accruals under the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme. He will continue to receive a cash allowance of 20%
of base salary.
No other payments to the Executive Directors are pensionable. Their dependants are eligible for the payment of a lump sum in the event
of death in service and, for the Chief Financial Officer, dependants’ pensions.
Departing Directors and Executives
John Nelson, Chairman, left Lloyd’s on 31 May 2017 and payment of his annual fee ceased at this time. No other payments were made
on leaving.
Service contracts and loss of office payment policy
The Executive Directors have rolling contracts with notice periods which will not exceed one year. The Chairman has a contract for three
years from appointment.
Appointment date Unexpired term as at 31 December 2017 Notice period
Bruce Carnegie-Brown 15 June 2017 2 years 6 months 12 months
Inga Beale 27 January 2014 rolling 1 year 12 months
John Parry 11 December 2014 rolling 6 months 6 months
Jon Hancock 1 December 2016 rolling 6 months 6 months
The Chairman and the Executive Directors’ service contracts are kept available for inspection by Lloyd’s members at the Corporation’s
registered office.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 99

Society Report
Report of the Remuneration Committee
External and working members are elected to Council while nominated members are appointed to Council, usually for a three year period.
Members of the Board are appointed by Council with Non-Executive Directors’ terms of office varying between one and three years.
These are not contractual arrangements and compensation is not paid if a member leaves early.
Additional disclosures
Nine year CEO remuneration
Annual
bonus LPP
CEO single award as a award as a
figure of total percentage percentage
remuneration of maximum of maximum
£000 opportunity opportunity
2017 1,304 76% 0%
2016 1,525 75% 63%
2015 1,531 81% 63%
2014 1,494 74% 95%
2013 1,795 75% 65%
2012 1,759 75% 55%
2011 1,499 90% 0%
2010 1,750 90% 44%
2009 1,771 83% 77%
Chief Executive Officer pay increase in relation to all employees
The table below sets out details of the change in remuneration for the CEO and all Corporation employees.
All
CEO employees
% %
Salary 0 5
Other benefits 6 0
Annual bonus 1 11
Relative importance of spend on pay
2017 2016
£m £m
Operating income 351 332
Total remuneration – all employees 120 130
Operating income excludes income relating to the Central Fund. Total remuneration excludes items such as employer’s social security
costs, net interest on defined benefit liability, non-executive remuneration, and recruitment fees.
100 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Society Report
Report of the Remuneration Committee
Remuneration for the Chairman and members of the Council and Board
who are not employees of the Corporation
The Chairman’s remuneration will not be increased in 2018 and will remain unchanged at £600,000 per annum.
Fees for 2017 for Council and Board members were £38,500 and £62,000 per annum respectively. Fees will not be increased for Board
members for 2018. Fees are also payable in respect of membership of a number of Council and Board committees, including ad hoc
committees established to consider specific issues requiring a significant time commitment. Fees payable for members of the Risk
Committee were increased for 2018. For 2017 the additional fee payable to the Deputy Chairmen, over and above the standard Council
member’s fee, was £11,000 per annum. This was increased to £12,000 for 2018.
Details of the Remuneration Committee, advisers to the Committee and their fees
Within the policy for remuneration approved by the Council, the Remuneration Committee is responsible for setting the total individual
remuneration package for the Chairman of Lloyd’s, the Chief Executive Officer, each Executive Director, any other senior direct reports
of the Chief Executive Officer and such other members of the executive management (including individual consultants) as it is designated
to consider.
The Remuneration Committee currently comprises six members – three members of Council, two members of the Board and the
Chairman of Lloyd’s. It has been chaired by Andy Haste (a Nominated member of Council and Senior Independent Deputy Chairman)
since November 2012.
The Remuneration Committee met four times in 2017. The attendance record is set out in the Corporate Governance report on page 84.
The Committee’s terms of reference are available on lloyds.com and on request from the Secretary to the Council.
The Remuneration Committee was assisted by its remuneration consultants, Deloitte LLP, who adhere to the Code of Conduct for executive
remuneration consultants. Deloitte LLP was appointed by the Remuneration Committee. Deloitte LLP adheres to working practices which
have been agreed with the Remuneration Committee Chairman, for the purpose of maintaining independence.
The Committee is satisfied that the advice received from Deloitte LLP was objective and independent. Total fees paid in respect of advice
and services to assist the Remuneration Committee amounted to £57,250 for the year. Deloitte LLP also provided other services to the
Corporation during the year, including the co-sourced Internal Audit resource, risk and project management advice, other ad-hoc assurance
services and tax advice.
At the request of the Remuneration Committee, the Chief Executive Officer and HR Director regularly attend Remuneration Committee
meetings. Other senior executives, for example the Chief Risk Officer are invited to attend for specific agenda items from time to time.
Neither the Chairman, nor the Executive Directors or any other Director, plays a part in any discussion about his or her own remuneration.
Remuneration policy for 2018 (summary and key changes)
This part of the report summarises how the Corporation’s remuneration policy will apply for the Executive Directors in 2018.
These changes include:
— the simplification of the existing annual bonus plan and LPP under a single Lloyd’s Incentive Plan, to align with the approach taken
across the wider population. There is no change to the maximum incentive levels; and
— the closure of Lloyd’s Pension Scheme (the Corporation’s defined benefit scheme) to future accrual from 1 July 2018. All Executive
Directors will be members of the Group Personal Pension Plan and receive cash allowances.
All other elements will operate in accordance with the remuneration policy set out in the 2016 Annual Report, on pages 111 to 116. The policy
is not legally binding, and the Committee reserves the right to amend the policy at any time.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 101

Society Report
Report of the Remuneration Committee
Summary of policy
— Salaries set to appropriately recognise responsibilities and be broadly market competitive.
— Generally reviewed annually by the Remuneration Committee.
Base salary — No maximum salary increase; however, any increases will generally reflect our approach to all
employee salary increases. Exceptions, in certain circumstances, may be made, for example to
reflect a new appointment, change in role/adoption of additional responsibilities, changes to market
practice or the development of the individual in the role.
Performance measures
— Individual awards paid with reference to performance against objectives and KPIs (linked to strategy)
during the year.
— Individual awards are subject to a ‘risk underpin’. The Committee will assess performance against
Corporation risk and compliance metrics, and may apply a downward adjustment where appropriate.
Individual Maximum
element — Current individual maximums are 75% of salary (CEO); 50% of salary (other Executive Directors).
Operation
— Payment is usually made in April following the end of the financial year. However, an element
may be deferred for three years where the total variable deferred amount does not meet the 40%
deferral threshold.
Lloyd’s — The Committee may apply malus and clawback to individual awards (see below).
Incentive
Performance measures
Plan
— Market awards directly linked to Lloyd’s market profitability in the year, subject to a minimum
threshold of £100m.
— Market awards are subject to a ‘risk underpin’. The Committee will assess performance against
market-based risk and compliance metrics, and may apply a downward adjustment where appropriate.
— The Market element is also subject to individual performance.
Market
element Maximum
— Current individual maximums are 50% of salary for Executive Directors.
Operation
— For the Executive Directors, it is intended that the whole of the award will be deferred for three years
and paid in April of the fourth financial year following the end of the performance period.
— The Committee may apply malus and clawback to market awards (see below).
— Executive Directors are members of the Group Personal Pension Plan, a defined contribution plan,
and receive an annual contribution of £10,000.1
Pension — Due to changes in the pension legislation during 2016, the CEO also receives a cash payment (equal
to the balance of her previous annual pension contribution, less a deduction for employer’s NI).
— The Executive Directors also receive a cash allowance of 20% of base salary.
— Benefits include a benefits cash allowance, private medical insurance, life insurance and a season
Benefits ticket loan facility. The CEO does not receive a benefits cash allowance.
— Relocation benefits may be offered in certain circumstances.
1As set out on page 94, for the period 1 January 2018 to 30 June 2018, John Parry will remain a member of the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme.
102 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Malus and Clawback
For incentive awards in respect of 2014 and subsequent years, malus and clawback provisions apply.
Malus may be applied prior to payment including any deferral period. For senior employees (excluding the CEO) the circumstances in which
malus may be applied are employee misconduct, material financial misstatement for which the employee was responsible, or deliberate or
negligent failure in risk management for which the employee was responsible. In addition, the Committee retains the discretion to clawback
awards for a period of six years from the date of award. The circumstances in which clawback may be applied are serious employee
misconduct, material financial misstatement for which the employee was responsible, or deliberate failure in risk management for which
the employee was responsible.
For the CEO, the circumstances in which malus may be applied are broader and include, but are not limited to, employee misconduct or the
performance indicators relied on to determine the award being found to be materially different. The circumstances in which clawback may
be applied are employee misconduct or the performance indicators relied on by the Committee being found to be materially different to
those previously considered by the Committee (whether or not involving any culpability on the part of the individual). The clawback period
is indefinite for the CEO.
Fee policy for the Chairman and members of the Council and Board who are not employees of the
Corporation.
The Chairman does not participate in the Corporation’s incentive plans.
The Chairman and CEO are responsible for making recommendations to the Council for the remuneration of members of Council, the Board
and their committees (other than themselves and the Executive Directors). In making their recommendations, the Chairman and CEO may
liaise and consult with the Remuneration Committee as they think appropriate.
Remuneration for all members of Council and Board who are not employees of the Corporation is designed to attract people of sufficient
calibre and experience to govern Lloyd’s affairs by providing an appropriate level of fees which reflects the demands made upon them.
Reference may also be made to independent surveys of fees paid to non-executive directors of similar organisations.
Fees for non-employee members of the Council and Board comprise payment of an annual fee and additional fees to reflect specific
responsibilities (eg membership or chairmanship of a number of Council and Board committees), where applicable.
Non-employee members of the Council and Board are not eligible to join the Lloyd’s Pension arrangements.
Andy Haste
Chairman, Remuneration Committee
20 March 2018
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 103

Society Report
Report of the Audit Committee
Statement by Chair of Audit Committee Financial reporting
On the following pages we set out the Report of the Audit The committee reviewed the Lloyd’s published annual and interim
Committee. The report comprises the following sections: financial statements including the pro forma financial statements,
the Aggregate Accounts, the Group financial statements of
— Composition of the Audit Committee;
the Society of Lloyd’s and the Lloyd’s Solvency and Financial
— Financial Reporting; Condition Report. The committee, with the support of the external
— Internal Control; and auditor, assessed whether suitable accounting policies had been
adopted and whether management had made appropriate estimates
— Auditors.
and judgements.
Our principal aim is to assist the Council in discharging its
The principal issues reviewed were:
responsibilities for monitoring the integrity of the Society’s financial
reporting, assessing the effectiveness of the internal controls of — The market notional investment return on Funds at Lloyd’s
the Society and monitoring the effectiveness, independence and and the methodology of the calculation;
objectivity of the internal and external auditors. The committee’s
— The valuation of investments held by both the Society and within
reporting line was moved from the Council to the Board in June 2017.
Funds at Lloyd’s, on an exceptional basis;
Richard Keers — The continuing status of the Society as a going concern as part
Chairman, Audit Committee of the Year End and Interim Financial Statements processes;
20 March 2018 — Reporting requirements and governance arrangements
for Solvency II Pillar 3 reporting for both the market and
the Society;
Composition of the Audit Committee — The review of key assumptions and valuation of the Lloyd’s
pension scheme and the Society lease provision; and
The committee, at the end of 2017, comprised two external
members of the Council and four Non-Executive members of the — Ensuring the methodology of the valuation of loans recoverable
Board. The committee met four times during the year. The members within the Society is consistent with previous years and
of the committee in 2017 and their attendance at meetings are reviewing any methodology changes as they arise.
shown in the Corporate Governance report on pages 84 to 85.
At the request of the Council, the committee considered whether
The committee members have extensive commercial experience the Annual Report was fair, balanced and understandable and
which enables the committee to fulfil its terms of reference in a whether it provided the necessary information to assess
robust and independent manner. performance, business model and strategy.
For the purposes of the UK Corporate Governance Code, the Internal control
committee considers Richard Keers, Michael Watson and Philip
The committee reviewed and monitored the effectiveness of the
Swatman have recent and relevant financial experience. More
systems of internal control of the Society. Regular reports and
information on the skills and experience of the committee
updates on specific control issues were received throughout the
members is set out in the biographies on pages 86 to 91.
year. Specific issues considered were:
Members of the Executive Committee and other senior — The committee reviewed reports from the Risk Committee on
management regularly attend meetings at the invitation of the developments to the Lloyd’s Risk Framework. The committee
Chairman together with the Head of Internal Audit and the external also considered the quarterly ORSA reports. Throughout the
auditor. The committee as a whole meets privately with the internal year, the committee was updated on the key risks which are set
and external auditors on a regular basis. out on pages 14 to 15;
— The committee reviewed internal audit reports, the actions taken
In addition, throughout the year, the Chairman of the committee to implement the recommendations made in the reports and the
meets informally and has open lines of communication with the status of progress against previously agreed actions; and
Executive Committee, Head of Internal Audit, external auditors
— The committee reviewed the external auditor’s controls
and senior management.
observation report and management’s assessment of the
internal control environment including reports on control failures
The committee received technical updates from senior
during the period and status of progress against previously
management and the external auditor on developments in financial
agreed actions.
reporting, accounting policy and regulatory developments.
The committee’s terms of reference can be found on lloyds.com.
104 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Auditors
Internal audit
The use of Internal Audit is governed by a Charter and Operating
Standards and the Internal Audit Plan, which provides the three year
audit cycle and details the annual scope of work and allocation of
resources based on an assessment of inherent risks and existing
controls. The committee is satisfied that Internal Audit has the
appropriate resources.
The performance of Internal Audit is subject to ongoing assessment
and to an annual formal evaluation that is achieved through
assessment of the results of questionnaires completed by the
Executive Committee and departments that have been subject to
an internal audit in addition to committee members’ own views.
Deloitte LLP provides co-sourced Internal Audit resource who
report directly to the Head of Internal Audit. The committee keeps
under review the relationship with Deloitte LLP and the procedures
to ensure appropriate independence of the Internal Audit function
is maintained.
External auditor
The committee monitors and reviews the objectivity and
independence of the external auditor. This includes having in place
a policy to govern the non-audit services that may be provided by
the external auditor, that sets out the circumstances in which the
external auditor may be permitted to undertake non-audit services.
All non-audit services require approval from the committee and
must be justified and, if appropriate, tendered before approval.
The committee receives a regular report on engagements
undertaken by the external auditor in order to monitor the types
of services provided and the fees incurred and to ensure they do not
impair their independence and objectivity. The external auditor also
confirmed to the Audit Committee that they believe they remain
independent within the meaning of the regulations on this matter
and their professional standards.
A breakdown of the fees paid to the external auditor for non-audit
work may be found in note 6. Significant engagements undertaken
in 2017 include services pursuant to legislation (work undertaken on
the Aggregate Accounts and regulatory returns) and the pro forma
financial statements.
The committee performs a specific evaluation of the performance of
the external auditor annually, through assessment of the results of
questionnaires completed by members of the Executive Committee
and senior management in addition to committee members’ own views.
The committee is satisfied with the performance of External Audit.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 105

Society Report
Report of the Lloyd’s Members’ Ombudsman
Report by Mark Humphries, Lloyd’s Members’
Ombudsman
I am pleased to present the Annual Report of the Lloyd’s Members’
Ombudsman to the Council for the year ended 31 December 2017.
The role of the Lloyd’s Members’ Ombudsman is to investigate
complaints by members and former members who were members
at any time after 30 November 2001 and who believe that they have
suffered injustice in consequence of maladministration in relation to
any action taken by or on behalf of the Society.
Complaints received
During the course of the year no complaints were received by
my office.
Costs
The expenses incurred by my office amounted to £15,000.
106 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Financial Review
This review should be read in conjunction with the financial statements of the Society on pages 120 to 169. This review should also be read
in conjunction with the Strategic Report on pages 10 to 27. These sections set out the strategic priorities for both the Society and the
Lloyd’s market as a whole.
Operating surplus
The Society of Lloyd’s achieved an operating surplus for the year of £170m (2016: surplus of £137m). The operating surplus by business
segment is set out below:
Corporation Lloyd’s 2017 2016
of Lloyd’s Central Fund Total Total
£m £m £m £m
Total income 351 125 476 452
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred – – – (8)
Other Group operating expenses (294) (12) (306) (307)
Operating surplus 57 113 170 137
Corporation of Lloyd’s
Total income for the Corporation increased by £19m to £351m (2016: £332m); within this, subscription income was broadly flat. The
subscription rate changed on 1 January 2017 from 0.45% of gross written premiums to 0.40% of gross written premiums (further details
are given in note 3), although this was offset by the higher level of premiums written as a result of favourable exchange rate movements.
In aggregate, other income streams also increased compared with the prior period, reflecting an increase in the overseas levy which covers
the cost of our global network. Within income, premiums written through Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited increased to £253m
(2016: £238m) reflecting exchange rate movements and growth across a number of lines of business. All business underwritten through
the company is reinsured to Lloyd’s syndicates.
Other Group operating expenses reduced slightly to £294m (2016: £296m). The operating costs of our overseas network of offices when
translated to sterling increased, reflecting exchange rate movements and continuing investment in the strategic priorities. This was offset
by a one off curtailment gain of £20m in respect of the closure of the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme.
Central Fund
Total income for the Central Fund increased by £5m to £125m (2016: £120m). Contribution income increased as a result of the higher level
of written premiums. The rate of contribution remained constant at 0.35% of gross written premiums (further details are given in note 3).
Central Fund claims and provisions were nil for the year (2016: charge of £8m). Undertakings to meet the liabilities of insolvent members
to policyholders are approved at the discretion of the Council and are normally based on anticipated cash flow requirements of insolvent
members in the following 12 months. During 2017, payments made in respect of insolvent corporate members were nil (2016: £14m).
There were no payments made in respect of individual members in 2017 and 2016.
Other Group operating expenses were broadly flat at £12m (2016: £11m).
Investment performance
2017 2016
£m £m
Finance income 62 314
Finance costs (55) (54)
7 260
The Society’s investments, mostly held within the Central Fund, returned £62m or 1.7% during the year (2016: £314m, 10.2%). Excluding
the impact of a £108m foreign exchange loss in 2017 (2016: foreign exchange gain of £151m), arising from currency matching assets to
the US dollar component of the Central Solvency Capital Requirement, underlying investment returns were relatively stable year on year,
returning £170m (4.6%) in 2017 (2016: £163m or 5.2%).
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 107

Society Report
Financial Review
Investment performance continued
Risk asset returns went from strength to strength in 2017 aided by an increasingly positive economic environment and low levels of volatility.
Whilst there was no shortage of political risk across the globe, financial markets were largely non reactionary. Developed market monetary
policy continued to be tightened with central banks in the USA, Canada and UK raising interest rates. Europe continued to diverge although
there was some tapering of quantitative easing. Credit spreads on corporate bond investments tightened in line with the general risk-on
sentiment whilst returns on sovereign bonds were weaker as expectation of higher interest rates led to some increase in yields.
For the Central Fund investment portfolio, developed equities were the best performing asset class closely followed by emerging equities.
Returns generated by asset classes were lower by comparison but solid nonetheless. Investment grade bonds saw the lowest return with
solid corporate bond returns compensating for small losses on UK sovereign bonds.
Currency markets saw another year of significant movement. In the case of sterling versus US dollars, the movement was a change in
trajectory from the previous year as the pound strengthened. Against euros though, sterling continued to weaken albeit at a slower pace
than was seen in the previous year.
The disposition of the Society’s financial investments is set out in note 16 on pages 154 to 158.
Finance costs of £55m in 2017 (2016: £54m) predominantly relate to interest on the subordinated notes and perpetual subordinated
capital securities.
Adjusting for interest costs results in net finance income of £7m (2016: £260m).
Taxation
A tax charge of £31m (2016: £75m) on the surplus before tax of £187m (2016: £405m) has been recognised for the year ended
31 December 2017. Further details are set out in note 11 on pages 145 to 146.
Movement in net assets (£m)
Net assets at 1 January 2017* 1,996
Surplus for the year £14,150m £7,607m 156
Actuarial gain on pension schemes 50
Currency translation differences (5)
Tax charge on other comprehensive income (9)
Net assets at 31 December 2017* 2,188
Additions to net assets Deductions to net assets Net assets
*Net assets data not to scale
The net assets of the Central Fund are included within the above amounts and at 31 December 2017 were £2,043m (2016: £1,952m).
108 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Pension schemes
Lloyd’s pension scheme
On an IFRS basis, the Lloyd’s pension scheme valuation at 31 December 2017 was a deficit of £161m before allowance for a deferred tax
asset of £27m (31 December 2016: £228m deficit before allowance for a deferred tax asset of £39m).
The movement in the pension deficit during the year is summarised below:
2017 2016
£m £m
Pension deficit as at 1 January (228) (94)
Pension expense recognised in the Group income statement 2 (12)
Employer contributions 17 5
Remeasurement effects recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income 48 (127)
Pension deficit as at 31 December (161) (228)
The reduction in the pension deficit was mainly due to an increase in the value of Scheme assets during the year. Further details are
provided in note 12 on pages 146 to 152 which includes the sensitivity of the valuation to changes in these assumptions.
The triennial funding valuation as at 30 June 2016 was undertaken by Willis Towers Watson. The total market value of the Scheme’s assets
at the date of the valuation was £667m and the total value of accrued liabilities was £730m showing a funding deficit of £63m. These figures
exclude both liabilities and the related assets in respect of money purchase Additional Voluntary Contributions (AVCs). A recovery plan is in
place and has been agreed with the Trustees. This will be kept under review as circumstances develop.
The Society carried out a review of its rewards and recognition package during the year. The aim of this review was to ensure that the
Society offers a competitive and attractive package which is fair and consistent to all employees and which is in line with other employers,
both within and beyond the financial services industry.
As a result, the Society announced on 4 September 2017 a number of proposals regarding future pension provision for its employees.
Following that announcement, the Society entered into a collective consultation process for those in the Defined Benefit scheme, during
which employee representatives were elected and workshops were held, followed by meetings with affected individuals.
Following completion of that consultation process on 22 November 2017, and responding to some proposals from employees, the Society
subsequently announced that it will be proceeding with the closure of the Defined Benefit Pension Scheme to all members with effect from
30 June 2018. Following that, all existing members of the scheme will be automatically enrolled into the Lloyd’s Group Personal Pension
plan (GPP). The GPP contribution was also externally benchmarked and reviewed, with increased levels being approved from 2018 for
all employees.
Overseas pension schemes
The actuarial valuations of the overseas pension schemes at 31 December 2017 resulted in a deficit of £3m (2016: deficit of £3m).
Further details are provided in note 12 on pages 146 to 152.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 109

Society Report
Financial Review
Solvency
Total assets for solvency purposes are set out below. The 2017 position is an estimate of the amount which will be finalised in early May
2018 for submission to the PRA. The figures are calculated on a Solvency II basis. The solvency figures in the table below are unaudited:
2017 2016
£m £m
Central assets at 31 December 2,188 1,996
Subordinated debt 793 883
Total 2,981 2,879
Solvency valuation adjustments 597 554
Available central own funds to meet the Central Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) 3,578 3,433
Excess central own funds not eligible to meet the Central SCR (133) –
Eligible central own funds available to meet the Central SCR 3,445 3,433
Central SCR 1,600 1,600
Central solvency ratio 215% 215%
The central SCR covers central risks of the Society. This includes the risk that members may have insufficient capital to meet their losses.
The central SCR may be covered only by central eligible own funds of the Society.
The solvency valuation adjustments above include items such as valuation differences arising and assets being disallowed due to the
valuation principles used in Solvency II. It also includes recognition of the callable layer, which may be taken from member level capital to
strengthen central resources.
The eligibility of assets to count towards the solvency coverage is also subject to tiering restrictions. All Tier 1 assets count fully towards the
solvency coverage assessment. However, Tier 2 and Tier 3 assets may only count up to a maximum of 50% of the SCR. The inclusion of the
Tier 2 subordinated debt issued in early 2017 means that Lloyd’s Tier 2 and 3 central capital exceeded 50% of the central SCR by £133m as
at 31 December 2017.
Based on own funds eligible to meet the central SCR of £3.4bn (2016: £3.4bn), the estimated solvency ratio is 215% (2016: 215%). In setting
contribution levels, account is taken of the central SCR to ensure that Lloyd’s is prudently but competitively capitalised.
Brexit
As noted previously, one of the key priorities for Lloyd’s in 2017 was retaining access to European Union (EU) markets following the UK’s
decision to leave the EU (Brexit). Over the course of 2017 work has been progressing to establish a Lloyd’s subsidiary in Brussels, which
will ensure that customers based in the EU are able to access the Lloyd’s market as seamlessly as possible. Lloyd’s new Brussels subsidiary
will be a fully-fledged insurance company, with an executive committee based in Brussels. The company will be fully capitalised and will
be regulated by, and report to, the Belgian regulator. An application was submitted to the Belgian regulator in October 2017 with a view to
commencing the underwriting of European Economic Area (EEA) risks from 1 January 2019. The decision to choose Brussels was based
on a number of critical elements, including the fact that Brussels has a robust regulatory framework and is a central European location.
The EU is an important market for Lloyd’s and the new insurance subsidiary will ensure that Lloyd’s customers continue to have access
to our specialist, innovative policies, and benefit from the security of the Lloyd’s market. Furthermore, Lloyd’s believes that being at the
heart of Europe will provide an opportunity to continue to grow our business on the continent.
110 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Cash flows and liquidity Financial risk management and treasury policies
Cash and cash equivalents increased during the year ended Overview
31 December 2017 by £106m to £497m (2016: £391m). Cash The Society’s principal financial instruments comprise cash and
balances are maintained at appropriate levels to meet the short cash equivalents, investments, borrowings and items that arise
term operating expenses of the Society. Any surplus cash balances directly from operations such as trade receivables and payables.
are invested and are included as financial investments within the These include assets and liabilities of the Central Fund.
Group statement of financial position.
The Society’s treasury operations and investments are managed by
The Corporation’s free cash balances* are regularly monitored. reference to established policies which are reviewed regularly by
Free cash represents the amounts, both at bank and on deposit, the Investment Committee. Overall risk is managed within defined
held in the UK and available to the Corporation to meet operating limits, specified by the Board. Policies for managing these risks, in
expenses, including those of overseas operations, excluding any particular credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk, are summarised
balances held in respect of insurance and arbitration activities. Free below. The following financial risk management disclosures within
cash balances at 31 December 2017 were £208m (2016: £178m). note 18 on pages 158 to 160 are audited.
The liquidity of the Central Fund is monitored separately. Cash Credit risk
balances are managed to meet short term operational commitments Credit risk represents the risk of financial loss to the Society
including the payment of drawdowns. Any surplus cash balances if a counterparty, or the issuer of a security, fails to meet its
are invested in compliance with defined investment parameters contractual obligations.
approved by the Investment Committee.
Trade and other receivables
Central Fund investment strategy
The Society has established procedures to minimise the risk of
Central Fund investment strategy is considered in three parts. A default by trade and other receivables, which are mainly in respect
proportion of assets is assigned to meet liquidity needs, based on a of the Lloyd’s market, the main source of income. These procedures
prudent estimate of net cash flows. These assets are commingled include minimum standard checks for new market entrants.
with other liquid assets of Lloyd’s Group companies and invested in
Financial investments
bank deposits and other short-term securities, with maturities of up
to 12 months. The objective is to optimise income, for a low level of A list of permissible bank counterparties, for the purposes of
risk, while ensuring that all cash flow requirements are met as they money-market investment, is maintained and restricted to banks
fall due. having strong balance sheets and credit ratings. Investment
parameters exist for all investment assets, controlling overall credit
A significant proportion of assets are invested in fixed interest quality and ensuring appropriate risk diversification. Permitted
securities of a high credit quality and typically medium term counterparties to capital market transactions are also carefully
maturities. The financial risk exposures represented by controlled. All applicable parameters are reviewed regularly by the
subordinated debt securities issued by the Society are considered Investment Committee in accordance with the risk appetite set by
when determining the disposition of fixed interest investments. The the Board.
return objective is to optimise investment return in the longer term
while maintaining overall financial risk within defined limits. Guarantees
The Society provides certain financial guarantees as security for
A smaller proportion of assets are invested in equities and other the underwriting activities of the members of Lloyd’s.
return seeking asset classes, also with an aim to optimise
investment return in the longer term without exceeding defined risk * Free cash balances are a metric which is consistently used to analyse financial
tolerances. These investments are diversified among different asset performance in the Society Report. This metric (wherever used in the Annual Report)
is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM), with further information available on
classes to help manage risk, and third party investment managers
page 174.
are retained to manage these investments within clearly defined
investment parameters specified by Lloyd’s. Equity investments
currently include global developed and emerging market equities.
Investments in other growth assets include high yield and emerging
market debt, hedge funds, senior secured loans and commodity
based investments.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 111

Society Report
Financial Review
Financial risk management and treasury policies Interest rate risk
continued Borrowings from the Lloyd’s market for the purpose of funding
statutory insurance deposits do not bear a fixed rate of interest.
Liquidity risk Instead, investment returns earned on the borrowed assets are
The value and term of short-term assets are carefully monitored passed on to lenders. Consequently, no interest rate risk arises
against those of the Society’s liabilities. The Society maintains on such borrowings.
sufficient liquid assets to meet liabilities as they fall due.
Short term assets held by the Society may be significant at certain
The liquidity of the Central Fund is monitored separately. times but such balances cannot be precisely predicted. These are
Cash balances are managed to meet short-term operational invested in money market instruments of up to 12 months’ duration
commitments including the payment of drawdown. Any surplus with the objective of maximising current income while meeting
cash balances are invested in compliance with defined investment liquidity requirements.
parameters approved by the Investment Committee in accordance
with the risk appetite set by the Board. Interest rate risk arising from the requirement to make fixed rate
coupon payments in respect of the Lloyd’s subordinated loan
The Society had no committed borrowing facilities as at notes and the perpetual subordinated capital securities is
31 December 2017 (2016: nil). considered in conjunction with the market risk arising on the
Society’s investments.
Market risk
Market risk represents the risk that movements in financial markets As part of the strategy to mitigate these risks, the Society has
will affect the financial position of the Society. Market risks arising entered into a number of interest rate swap contracts.
from the disposition of the Society’s investments are monitored
against defined parameters using Value at Risk (VAR) methodology. Capital management
The position is reviewed regularly by the Investment Committee.
The Society monitors its capital to ensure that it maintains
Investments are actively monitored on a fair value basis and all
sufficient assets for both operational and solvency purposes.
investments are designated as fair value through profit or loss.
Further disclosures with regard to financial instruments are
provided in note 18 on pages 158 to 163. Further details regarding
Foreign currency risk
solvency are given on page 110.
The Society enters into a variety of foreign exchange transactions
in response to the foreign currency requirements of Lloyd’s Group
Related party transactions
companies. In managing the exposures arising from such foreign
exchange activity, which may involve transactions for forward Except for disclosures made in note 26 (see page 168), no related
settlement, the net risk arising from all such exposures is party had material transactions with the Society in 2017.
considered and the level of this risk is managed within defined
parameters. Consequently, while some net foreign exchange Going concern and viability statement
exposures may accrue to the Society from time to time as a result
of this activity, the level of such exposures is carefully monitored Assessment of prospects
and is not significant in the context of its activities. The Lloyd’s business model and strategy are central to an
understanding of its prospects and details can be found on pages
Foreign currency exposures arising from overseas investments 10 to 27. The strategy is subject to ongoing monitoring and
are considered together with any foreign currency liabilities of development.
the Society as well as the underlying currency mix of the Central
Solvency Capital Requirement, of which a high proportion is The prospects of the Lloyd’s market, including the Society, are
US dollar based. Net foreign currency exposures arising are primarily assessed through the annual strategic review and planning
managed through the use of forward foreign exchange contracts. process. The output of the review is a strategic plan to deliver the
Lloyd’s vision. The review is led by the CEO through the Executive
Separately, the Society provides a Currency Conversion Service Committee and all relevant departments are involved. The Board
(CCS) to participating Lloyd’s syndicates, converting insurance and the Council participate fully in the process and part of their
premiums and claims between pounds sterling and other Lloyd’s role is to consider whether the strategic plan continues to take
settlement currencies as required. Foreign exchange exposures appropriate account of the external environment and meets the
arising from the provision of the CCS are again managed on a net needs of the market.
basis, within defined parameters. The CCS is operated separately
from other foreign exchange activity of the Society because, under The review determines a set of medium term targets, key
the terms of the service, any profit (or loss) arising from CCS performance indicators for the current year and activities to deliver
exposures is distributed to (or collected from) syndicates on those metrics. The latest three year strategic plan (Lloyd’s
participating in the CCS. Currency exposures arising from CCS Strategy 2018 to 2020) was approved in December following
activity consequently do not, ultimately, represent risks to the Society. completion of the latest review cycle. As part of the planning
process, detailed financial budgets were prepared for the Society
for the three year period to 31 December 2020.
112 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Assessment of viability Outlook
The Board and Council of Lloyd’s receive quarterly reports from
Central assets, which exclude subordinated liabilities, are
the Risk Committee on the key risks and risk appetites, including
expected to remain stable at £3bn in 2018. Following its meeting
the Society’s own risk and solvency assessment as well as stress
on 20 March 2018, the Council gave no further undertakings to
testing resilience to severe yet plausible scenarios. The principal
corporate members to use the New Central Fund to discharge
risks and material uncertainties that would threaten the business
the liability of members with unpaid cash calls who do not have the
model, future performance, liquidity or solvency of the Lloyd’s
resources to meet those calls. After taking account of the expiry of
market as a whole are set out on pages 14 to 15. In addition, the
unutilised undertakings, the net movement in undertakings is nil (see
Financial Statements include notes on investment strategy, financial
note 4 on page 134). The operating expenses for the Corporation and
risk management, treasury policies and sensitivity analysis.
its subsidiaries are budgeted to be £340m in 2018.* This includes net
investment of £43m in respect of market modernisation and £19m of
The Lloyd’s capital structure is set out on pages 22 to 23 and Lloyd’s
costs for services recharged directly to specific managing agents.
is required to maintain solvency on a continuous basis, and the
The Council is responsible for preparing the Group financial
solvency position of each member, and thus of Lloyd’s as a whole,
statements in accordance with byelaws made under Lloyd’s Act 1982
is monitored on a regular basis. The Audit Committee considers
and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by
biannually management’s assessment of the current solvency
the European Union.
position and the forecast position over a three year period, including
resilience of central assets to meet the Central SCR and the
The Council is required to prepare Group financial statements for
expectation, but not the obligation, that the perpetual subordinated
each financial year which present fairly the financial position of the
capital securities are redeemed at the first option date.
Society and the financial performance and cash flows of the Society
for that period. In preparing these Group financial statements, the
Viability statement
Council is required to:
While the members of the Council have no reason to believe that
the Society will not be viable over a longer period, the period — Select suitable accounting policies and then apply
over which the assessment is based is the three year period to them consistently;
31 December 2020, being the period considered under the strategic — Present information, including accounting policies,
plan, including the detailed budgets prepared, and the solvency in a manner that provides relevant, reliable, comparable
projections of the Society. and understandable information;
— Provide additional disclosures when compliance with the
The members of the Council believe that the Society is well placed specific requirements in IFRS is insufficient to enable users to
to manage its business risks successfully, having taken into account understand the impact of particular transactions, other events
the current economic outlook, and confirm that they have a and conditions on the Society’s financial position and financial
reasonable expectation that the Society will be able to continue in performance; and
operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the three year
— State that the Society has complied with IFRS, subject to any
period ending 31 December 2020.
material departures disclosed and explained in the Group
financial statements.
Going concern
After making enquiries, the members of the Council also consider
* Budgeted operating expenses are a metric which is consistently used to analyse
it appropriate to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the financial performance in the Society Report. This metric (wherever used in the Annual
Society’s Financial Statements. Report) is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM), with further information
available on page 174.
Statement as to disclosure of information
to auditors
Having made enquiries, the Council confirms that:
— to the best of each Council member’s knowledge and belief
there is no information relevant to the preparation of the Society
Report of which the Society’s auditors are unaware; and
— each Council member has taken all the steps a Council member
might reasonably be expected to have taken to be aware of
relevant audit information and to establish that the Society’s
auditors are aware of that information.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 113

Society Report
Statement of the Council’s responsibilities
for the Financial Statements
The Council is responsible for keeping proper accounting records
which disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial
position of the Society and enable it to ensure that the Group
financial statements comply with Article 4 of the IAS Regulation. As
the Society’s subordinated debt and perpetual subordinated capital
securities are admitted to trading in a regulated market in the
European Union, Council has elected to comply with Article 4, which
requires Group financial statements to be prepared in conformity
with IFRS as adopted by the European Union. The Council is also
responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Society and hence
for taking reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of
fraud and other irregularities.
The Council is responsible for the maintenance and integrity of
the corporate and financial information included on the Society’s
website (lloyds.com). Legislation in the United Kingdom governing
the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ
from legislation in other jurisdictions.
The Council considers that the Annual Report, taken as a whole,
is fair, balanced and understandable and provides the information
necessary for stakeholders to assess the Society’s performance,
business model and strategy.
114 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members
of the Society of Lloyd’s
Report on the audit of the financial statements Audit scope
— The two key components of The Society of Lloyd’s are
Opinion
considered to be the Central Fund and the Corporation.
In our opinion, the Society of Lloyd’s group financial statements (the
These were fully scoped in for the purposes of the audit.
“financial statements”):
For the remaining components, a group scoping exercise
— give a true and fair view of the state of the group’s affairs as at was undertaken to identify significant balances.
31 December 2017 and of its surplus and cash flows for the year
then ended; Key audit matters
— have been properly prepared in accordance with IFRSs as — Valuation of financial investments
adopted by the European Union; and — Lloyd’s Pension Scheme
— have been prepared in accordance with the requirements — Revenue Recognition
of the Council byelaws made under Lloyd’s Act 1982.
— Valuation of loans recoverable
We have audited the financial statements, included within the
The scope of our audit
Annual Report, which comprise: the Group Statement of Financial
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and
Position as at 31 December 2017, the Group Income Statement
assessed the risks of material misstatement in the financial
and the Group Statement of Comprehensive Income, the Group
statements. In particular, we looked at where the Council made
Statement of Cash Flows, and the Group Statement of Changes
subjective judgements, for example in respect of significant
in Equity for the year then ended, and the notes to the financial
accounting estimates that involved making assumptions and
statements, which include a description of the significant
considering future events that are inherently uncertain.
accounting policies.
We gained an understanding of the legal and regulatory framework
Our opinion is consistent with our reporting to the Audit Committee.
applicable to the group and the industry in which it operates, and
considered the risk of acts by the group which were contrary to
Basis for opinion
applicable laws and regulations, including fraud. We did not identify
We conducted our audit in accordance with International
any key audit matters relating to irregularities, including fraud. We
Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and applicable law.
designed audit procedures at group and significant component level to
Our responsibilities under ISAs (UK) are further described in the
respond to the risk, recognising that the risk of not detecting a material
Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
misstatement due to fraud is higher than the risk of not detecting one
section of our report. We believe that the audit evidence we have
resulting from error, as fraud may involve deliberate concealment by,
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
for example, forgery or intentional misrepresentations, or through
opinion.
collusion. We focused on laws and regulations that could give rise to
a material misstatement in the group financial statements, including,
Independence but not limited to the Lloyd’s Act 1982 and regulations of the Financial
We remained independent of the group in accordance with the Conduct Authority (“FCA”) and Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”).
ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial Our tests included, but were not limited to, review of the financial
statements in the UK, which includes the FRC’s Ethical Standard, statement disclosures to underlying supporting documentation, review
as applicable to listed public interest entities, and we have fulfilled of correspondence with the regulators, review of correspondence
our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these with legal advisors and enquiries of management. There are inherent
requirements. limitations in the audit procedures described above and the further
removed non-compliance with laws and regulations is from the events
To the best of our knowledge and belief, we declare that non-audit and transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less likely we
services prohibited by the FRC’s Ethical Standard were not would become aware of it.
provided to the group.
Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in the auditors’ professional
Other than those disclosed in the Annual Report, we have provided
judgement, were of most significance in the audit of the financial
no non-audit services to the group in the period from
statements of the current period and include the most significant
1 January 2017 to 31 December 2017.
assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud)
identified by the auditors, including those which had the greatest effect
Our audit approach on: the overall audit strategy; the allocation of resources in the audit;
and directing the efforts of the engagement team. These matters, and
Overview
any comments we make on the results of our procedures thereon, were
Materiality
addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a
— Overall group materiality: £22.7m (2016: £22.0m), based on 0.5%
whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
of total assets.
separate opinion on these matters. This is not a complete list of all risks
identified by our audit. As in all of our audits we also addressed the risk
of management override of internal controls, including testing journals
and evaluating whether there was evidence of bias by the Council that
represented a risk of material misstatement due to fraud.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 115

Society Report
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members
of the Society of Lloyd’s
Key audit matters continued
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Valuation of financial investments
We focused on this area because it represents 73% of the total assets of the For these non-publicly traded investments, we assessed both the
Society and so the valuation of financial investments has a significant impact methodology and assumptions used by management in the calculation of the
on the financial statements. We focused in particular on the non-publicly year end values as well as tested the governance controls that the Council
traded investments in the Society’s portfolio, which includes investments has in place to monitor these processes. The testing included performing
held as statutory insurance deposits by Additional Securities Limited (‘ASL’), the following procedures:
and other non-publicly traded investments in the Corporation and Central — Assessing the methodology and assumptions used within
Fund. These investments are harder to value because quoted prices are not the valuation models;
readily available and the valuation is based on a model, which can include — Comparing the assumptions used against appropriate benchmarks and
unobservable inputs. investigating significant differences; and
— Testing the operating effectiveness of the valuation controls over assets
(Refer also to note 16 to the financial statements)
managed by third parties.
Our work and the evidence provided identified no significant issues.
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme
The Society of Lloyd’s operates a number of defined benefit and defined We used our actuarial experts to evaluate the key assumptions used to
contribution pension schemes. The principal scheme is the Lloyd’s Pension value the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme. This included comparison of Lloyd’s
Scheme whose net liabilities total £161m at 31 December 2017. Certain key assumptions to our own independent expectations based on our knowledge
assumptions have a material impact in determining the pension scheme of the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme and current financial market conditions.
liabilities and therefore were subject to more audit attention from us. We We found the following:
focused on key assumptions such as discount rate; inflation; and post- — the discount rate used in the valuation of the pension liability was
retirement life expectancy. consistent with our expectations, taking into account the duration of the
pension liability and investment market conditions at 31 December 2017;
In 2017, Lloyd’s recognised a £19.8m curtailment gain primarily driven by the — the retail and consumer price inflation rates used in the valuation of
closure of the Defined Benefit Pension Scheme to all participants. We have the pension liability were consistent with our expectations, taking into
focused on validating that the recognition criteria for the curtailment gain, account the duration of the pension liability and market expectations at
as set out in IAS 19, was satisfied and evaluating the reasonableness of the 31 December 2017; and
assumptions used in calculating the gain.
— the post-retirement life expectancy assumptions were in line with the
recent mortality experience of the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme and with
(Refer also to note 12 to the financial statements)
assumptions made by other UK companies, and contain an appropriate
allowance for how rates of mortality may fall in future.
We found the assumptions to be acceptable.
We have assessed the appropriateness of the accounting treatment adopted
by Lloyd’s for the Defined Benefit Pension Scheme closure and consider it to
be reasonable. We have also used our actuarial specialists to evaluate the key
assumptions used to estimate the curtailment gain recognised in connection
with the closure and consider them to be acceptable.
Revenue Recognition
The Central Fund contributions (recognised as revenue in the Central Fund We evaluated the reasonableness of the assumptions applied in the estimation
reporting unit) and members’ subscription fees (recognised as revenue of the future premium. As future premium is estimated based on the development
within the Corporation reporting unit) represent a significant portion of the trend of historical premium (the extrapolation factor), we traced a sample of
revenue of the Society. the historical premium data to the system which aggregates market results.
We tested Information Technology General Controls over the system, where no
We focused on these components of revenue because they are recognised exceptions were noted. Based on our work on the assumptions, we found that
based in part on management’s estimate of the future premium of each management’s analysis supported the extrapolation factor that was selected.
syndicate underwriting year. Although not complex, this estimate involves
subjectivity with regards to assumptions on the estimation of future We tested the application of the extrapolation factor to the underlying
premium. The future premium is estimated based on historical development data and recomputed the total Central Fund contributions and members’
trends. From this analysis, management selects an extrapolation factor, subscription fees.
which is then applied to the current year.
We found management’s assumptions to be reasonable. No significant
(Refer also to note 2 to the financial statements) exceptions were noted in our testing of underlying data or our recalculation
of revenue.
116 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Valuation of loans recoverable
Loans recoverable are Central Fund loans made to hardship members. For a sample of loan receivable balances, we performed procedures to verify
The valuation of loans recoverable is subjective and judgemental due to the accrued loan balance, and the valuation of the property and investments.
the assumptions used to determine their recoverable amounts. The loans We evaluated the reasonableness of the assumptions used and found the
recoverable amount represents the lower of: following:
— valuation of property and investment assets held as charge in the event — the discount rate used was consistent with our expectations, taking into
that the principal loan amount cannot be repaid; and account the market conditions at 31 December 2017;
— principal loan amount including accrued interest. — the fair value of properties was reasonable, based on comparing the
valuation to the current offer price of similar properties on the open
We focused on the following assumptions because they have a material market on a sample basis; and
impact on the valuation of loans recoverable: — the property inflation rate used was set at an appropriate level, based
— discount rate used in respect of the assets and principal loan amount; on our assessment of market conditions at 31 December 2017.
— fair value of properties; and
— property inflation rate. In addition, we tested a sample of loans by agreeing the principal loan
amount to the signed agreements and recalculated the accrued interest.
(Refer also to note 15 to the financial statements) No significant exceptions were found in our testing.
How we tailored the audit scope
We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an opinion on the financial statements
as a whole, taking into account the structure of the group, the accounting processes and controls, and the industry in which it operates.
The Society of Lloyd’s financial statements are a consolidation of 33 reporting units. In establishing the overall approach to the group
audit, we determined the type of work that needed to be performed at the reporting units by us, as the group engagement team, or
component auditors within PwC UK and from other PwC network firms operating under our instruction. For the audit of the Society of
Lloyd’s financial statements, all audit procedures were performed centrally by the group engagement team with the exception of the audit
of the financial information of Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited. Where the work was performed by a component auditor, we
determined the level of involvement we needed to have in the audit work at that reporting unit to be able to conclude whether sufficient
appropriate audit evidence had been obtained as a basis for our opinion on the financial statements as a whole. We were involved in the
risk assessment process for this reporting unit, and obtained an understanding of the audit procedures performed by the component
auditor to address the identified risks.
For each reporting unit we determined whether we required an audit of their complete financial information or whether specified
procedures for particular balances would be sufficient. Audit procedures were performed over the complete financial information for
the Corporation and Central Fund reporting units to address the key audit matters identified above. Additionally, we identified Lloyd’s
Insurance Company (China) Limited, Centrewrite Limited and Additional Securities Limited, where certain account balances were
considered to be significant in size in relation to the Society, and scoped our audit to include detailed testing of those account balances.
Together, the reporting units where we performed our audit work accounted for 96% of the Society’s total assets and 93% of the
Society’s surplus before tax.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 117

Society Report
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members
of the Society of Lloyd’s
Materiality Reporting on other information
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of The other information comprises all of the information in the
materiality. We set certain quantitative thresholds for materiality. Annual Report other than the financial statements and our auditors’
These, together with qualitative considerations, helped us to report thereon. The Council is responsible for the other information.
determine the scope of our audit and the nature, timing and extent Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other
of our audit procedures on the individual financial statement line information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion
items and disclosures and in evaluating the effect of misstatements, or, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in this report,
both individually and in aggregate on the financial statements as any form of assurance thereon.
a whole.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our
Based on our professional judgement, we determined materiality responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so,
for the financial statements as a whole as follows: consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent
with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit,
Overall group materiality or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify an
apparent material inconsistency or material misstatement, we are
£22.7m (2016: £22.0m)
required to perform procedures to conclude whether there is a
How we determined it material misstatement of the financial statements or a material
0.5% of total assets misstatement of the other information. If, based on the work we
have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement
of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
Rationale for benchmark applied
We have nothing to report based on these responsibilities.
We identified the key financial statement users as rating agencies,
syndicate members and policyholders who will be primarily The Council’s assessment of the prospects of the group and of
concerned over the solvency position of Lloyd’s, as well as the the principal risks that would threaten the solvency or liquidity
quality of assets held by Lloyd’s. Therefore, we assessed that it of the group
is more appropriate to use an assets based benchmark for the Under the terms of our engagement, we agreed to report to you
materiality determination for the 31 December 2017 year end. if we have anything material to add or to draw attention to in
relation to:
For each component in the scope of our group audit, we allocated
a materiality that is less than our overall group materiality. The range — the Council’s confirmation on page 113 of the Annual Report, in
of materiality allocated across components was between £57k accordance with provision C.2.1 of the Code, that it has carried
and £20.5m. out a robust assessment of the principal risks facing the group,
including those that would threaten its business model, future
We agreed with the Audit Committee that we would report to them performance, solvency or liquidity;
misstatements identified during our audit above £1.1m (2016: £1.1m)
— the disclosures in the Society Report that describe those risks
as well as misstatements below that amount that, in our view,
and explain how they are being managed or mitigated;
warranted reporting for qualitative reasons.
— the Council’s explanation on page 113 of the Society’s Report,
Going concern in accordance with provision C.2.2 of the Code, as to how it has
assessed the prospects of the Society, over what period it has
In accordance with ISAs (UK) we report as follows:
done so and why they consider that period to be appropriate,
and its statement as to whether it has a reasonable expectation
Reporting obligation
that the Society will be able to continue in operation and meet
The Council has voluntarily included a statement in relation to
its liabilities as they fall due over the period of their assessment,
going concern in accordance with provision C1.3 of the UK
including any related disclosures drawing attention to any
Corporate Governance Code (the ‘Code’) in the Financial Review
necessary qualifications or assumptions.
section of the Society report. We agreed with the Council to report
if we have anything material to add or draw attention to in respect
We have nothing material to add or to draw attention to regarding
of the Council’s statement about whether it is appropriate to adopt
the above responsibilities.
the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the financial
statements and the Council’s identification of any material
uncertainties to the group’s ability to continue as a going concern
over a period of at least twelve months from the date of approval
of the financial statements.
Outcome
We have nothing material to add or to draw attention to. However,
because not all future events or conditions can be predicted, this
statement is not a guarantee as to the group’s ability to continue
as a going concern.
118 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Other Code Provisions Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit
Under the terms of our engagement, we agreed to report to you of the financial statements
if we have anything material to add or to draw attention to in Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
relation to: the financial statements as a whole are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an
— The statement given by the Council, on page 114, in accordance
auditors’ report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance
with provision C.1.1 of the Code, that they consider the
is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
Annual Report taken as a whole to be fair, balanced and
conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a
understandable, and provides the information necessary for
material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
the members to assess the group’s position and performance,
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or
business model and strategy is materially inconsistent with our
in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence
knowledge of the group obtained in the course of performing
the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
our audit.
financial statements.
— The section of the Annual Report on pages 104 to 105, as
required by provision C.3.8 of the Code, describing the work of A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of
the Audit Committee does not appropriately address matters the financial statements is located on the FRC’s website at:
communicated by us to the Audit Committee. www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms
part of our auditors’ report.
We have nothing to report in respect of this responsibility.
Use of this report
Report of the Remuneration Committee
This report, including the opinions, has been prepared for and only
The Council is responsible for preparing the part of the report of the for the Society of Lloyd’s members as a body in accordance with the
Remuneration Committee that has been described as audited in Lloyd’s Act 1982 and for no other purpose. We do not, in giving these
accordance with Schedule 8 Part 3 of the Large and Medium-sized opinions, accept or assume responsibility for any other purpose or
Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 to any other person to whom this report is shown or into whose
(the “basis of preparation”). hands it may come save where expressly agreed by our prior
consent in writing.
Under the terms of our engagement, we agreed to report to you
whether, in our opinion, the part of the report of the Remuneration
Other required reporting
Committee that is described as audited has been properly prepared
in accordance with the basis of preparation as described therein. In Other reporting
our opinion, the part of the report of the Remuneration Committee Under the terms of our engagement, we have agreed to report
that is described as audited has been properly prepared in to you if, in our opinion:
accordance with the basis of preparation as described therein.
— We have not received all the information and explanations
we require for our audit; or
Responsibilities for the financial statements
— Proper accounting records have not been maintained
and the audit
by the Society.
Responsibilities of the Council for the financial statements
We have no exceptions to report arising from this responsibility.
As explained more fully in the Statement of the Council’s
Responsibilities for the Financial Statements set out on page 114,
Appointment
the Council is responsible for the preparation of the financial
statements in accordance with the applicable framework and for Following the recommendation of the Audit Committee, we were
being satisfied that they give a true and fair view. The Council is also appointed by the members on 4 April 2013 to audit the financial
responsible for such internal control as it determines is necessary statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 and subsequent
to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free financial periods. The period of total uninterrupted engagement is
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 5 years, covering the years ended 31 December 2013 to
31 December 2017.
In preparing the financial statements, the Council is responsible
for assessing the group’s ability to continue as a going concern, Mark Bolton (Senior Statutory Auditor)
disclosing as applicable, matters related to going concern and using for and on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
the going concern basis of accounting unless the Council either Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditors
intends to liquidate the group or to cease operations, or has no London
realistic alternative but to do so. 20 March 2018
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 119

Society Report
Group Income Statement
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
2017 2016
Note £m £m
Corporation operating income 351 332
Central Fund income 125 120
Gross written premiums 253 238
Outward reinsurance premiums (253) (238)
Total income 3(b) 476 452
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred 4 – (8)
Gross insurance claims and insurance expenses incurred 5 (212) (200)
Insurance claims and expenses recoverable from reinsurers 5 212 200
Other Group operating expenses 6 (306) (307)
Operating surplus 170 137
Finance costs 8 (55) (54)
Finance income 8 62 314
Share of profits of associates 10 10 8
Surplus before tax 187 405
Tax charge 11(a) (31) (75)
Surplus for the year 156 330
120 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Group Statement of Comprehensive Income
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
2017 2016
Note £m £m
Surplus for the year 156 330
Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Remeasurement gains/(losses) on pension asset/liabilities
UK 12 48 (127)
Overseas 12 – –
Associates 10 2 (3)
Tax (charge)/credit relating to items that will not be reclassified 11(a) (9) 19
Currency translation differences (5) 14
Net other comprehensive surplus/(deficit) for the year 36 (97)
Total comprehensive income for the year 192 233
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 121

Society Report
Group Statement of Financial Position
(As at 31 December 2017)
2017 2016
Note £m £m
Assets
Lloyd’s Collection 14 13 13
Plant and equipment 14 18 18
Deferred tax asset 11(c) 25 40
Investment in associates 10 18 7
Loans recoverable 15 40 43
Financial investments 16 3,293 3,360
Insurance contract assets 5 342 254
Trade and other receivables due within one year 17 265 205
Prepayments and accrued income 23 18
Derivative financial instruments 18 16 16
Cash and cash equivalents 19 497 391
Total assets 4,550 4,365
Equity and liabilities
Equity
Accumulated reserve 20 2,155 1,958
Revaluation reserve 20 13 13
Translation reserve 20 20 25
Total equity 2,188 1,996
Liabilities
Subordinated notes and perpetual subordinated capital securities 21 793 883
Pension liabilities 12 164 231
Provisions 22 15 14
Loans funding statutory insurance deposits 483 494
Insurance contract liabilities 5 342 254
Trade and other payables 23 481 378
Accruals and deferred income 67 63
Tax payable 7 33
Derivative financial instruments 18 10 19
Total liabilities 2,362 2,369
Total equity and liabilities 4,550 4,365
Approved and authorised by the Council on 20 March 2018 and signed on its behalf by
Bruce Carnegie-Brown Inga Beale
Chairman Chief Executive Officer
122 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Group Statement of Changes in Equity
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
Accumulated Revaluation Translation Total
reserve reserve reserve equity
Note £m £m £m £m
At 1 January 2016 1,739 13 11 1,763
Surplus for the year 330 – – 330
Net other comprehensive (deficit)/income for the year (111) – 14 (97)
At 31 December 2016 1,958 13 25 1,996
Surplus for the year 156 – – 156
Net other comprehensive income/(deficit) for the year 41 – (5) 36
At 31 December 2017 20 2,155 13 20 2,188
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 123

Society Report
Group Statement of Cash Flows
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
2017 2016
Note £m £m
Cash generated from operations 24 219 192
Tax paid (51) (48)
Net cash generated from operating activities 168 144
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of plant, equipment and intangible assets 13/14 (8) (9)
Proceeds from the sale of plant, equipment and intangible assets – –
Purchase of financial investments 16 (1,701) (2,236)
Receipts from the sale of financial investments 16 1,752 2,315
(Increase)/decrease in short-term deposits 16(b) (7) 61
Dividends received from associates 10 – 7
Interest received 45 54
Dividends received 8 7 7
Realised losses on settlement of forward currency contracts (3) (77)
Net cash generated from investing activities 85 122
Cash flow from financing activities
Sale of debt securities 298 –
Redemption of subordinated notes (392) –
Interest paid on subordinated notes (53) (53)
Other interest paid – (1)
Increase/(decrease) in borrowings for statutory insurance deposits 18 (21)
Net cash used in financing activities (129) (75)
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 124 191
Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents (18) 25
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 19 391 175
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December 19 497 391
124 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Notes to the Financial Statements
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
1. Basis of preparation and consolidation 2. Principal accounting policies
In 1871, by Lloyd’s Act 1871, the then existing association of Critical accounting estimates and assumptions
underwriters was incorporated in the United Kingdom as the In preparing the financial statements significant estimates and
Society and Corporation of Lloyd’s (the ‘Society’). Its activities judgements are made in respect of some of the items reported. The
are accordingly governed by statute and, since 1982, have been main accounting policies identified involving such assessments are:
managed by the Council of Lloyd’s (the ‘Council’) pursuant to
Lloyd’s Act 1982. Its principal place of business is at One Lime — Central Fund claims and provisions – undertakings
Street, London EC3M 7HA. (see note 2(q) and note 4);
— Employee benefits – defined benefit pension scheme
The Society’s main corporate purposes are to facilitate the (see note 2(i) and note 12);
carrying on of insurance business by members of Lloyd’s and the
— Insurance contracts – liabilities and reinsurance assets
advancement and protection of their interests in this context. The
(see note 2(g) and note 5);
Group financial statements of the Society of Lloyd’s comprise the
financial statements of the Society of Lloyd’s and all its subsidiary — Loans recoverable – hardship loans (see note 2(j) and note 15);
undertakings, the Lloyd’s Central Fund and the Group’s interest in and
associates as at each reporting date. Subsidiary undertakings are — Provisions – lease cost provision (see note 22).
consolidated from the date of their acquisition, being the date on
which the Society obtains control, and continue to be consolidated (a) Plant and equipment
until the date that such control ceases. The financial statements are Plant and equipment are held at cost less accumulated depreciation
prepared using consistent accounting policies. All intra-Group and any impairment in value.
balances and transactions are eliminated in full.
Depreciation is charged on a straight-line basis on the following
The Group financial statements have been prepared in accordance principal categories:
with International Financial Reporting Standards (as adopted by the
European Union) and on a historic cost basis, except for financial — Furniture and fittings are depreciated over seven to 25
assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss and the years according to the estimated useful life of the asset;
Lloyd’s Collection, which are measured at fair value.
— Computer and specialised equipment are depreciated over
three to 15 years according to the estimated useful life of
Other financial liabilities, which include the subordinated notes and
the asset; and
the perpetual subordinated capital securities are carried at amortised
cost. The Group financial statements are presented in pounds — Equipment on hire or lease is depreciated over the period
sterling and all values are rounded to the nearest million (£m). of the lease.
The Society is regulated by the PRA and the FCA. (b) Software development
Costs incurred in acquiring and developing computer software
New standards, interpretations and amendments are capitalised as intangible assets where the software supports
to existing standards that have been adopted by a significant business system and the expenditure leads to the
the Society creation of an identifiable asset of value. Software development
The Society has adopted the following new International Financial is held at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment
Reporting Standards (IFRSs), International Accounting Standards in value. Capitalised software is amortised over three years.
(IASs), and interpretations and amendments to existing standards,
which are effective by EU endorsement for annual periods (c) Lloyd’s Collection
beginning on or after 1 January 2017: Lloyd’s Collection represents various paintings, antiques and
artefacts which are included at fair value. Any revaluation surplus
— Recognition of Deferred Tax Assets for Unrealised Losses or deficit is recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive
(amendments to IAS 12); income and is reflected in the revaluation reserve within the Group
— Disclosure Initiative (amendments to IAS 7); and statement of changes in equity.
— Annual improvements to IFRS Standards 2014-2016 cycle
(d) Investment in associates and joint ventures
(amendments to IFRS 12).
An associate is an entity in which the Society has significant
influence and which is not a subsidiary undertaking or joint venture.
None of the amendments have a material impact on the Group
A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have
financial statements of the Society.
joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets of the
arrangement. The Society’s investments in associates and joint
ventures are accounted for under the equity method of accounting.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 125

Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
2. Principal accounting policies continued (ii) Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with
fixed or determinable payment that are not quoted in an active
(d) Investment in associates and joint ventures continued
market. They arise when the Society provides money, goods
Under the equity method, the investments in associates and joint
or services directly to a debtor with no intention of trading the
ventures are carried in the Group statement of financial position
receivable. These financial assets are carried at amortised
at cost plus post-acquisition changes in the Society’s share of net
cost using the effective interest method. Gains and losses are
assets of the associates and joint ventures. Goodwill relating to an
recognised in the Group income statement when the loans and
associate is included in the carrying amount of the investment and
receivables are derecognised or impaired, as well as through the
is not amortised. After application of the equity method, the Society
amortisation process.
determines whether it is necessary to recognise any additional
impairment loss with respect to the Society’s net investment in an
Financial liabilities
associate or joint venture. The Group income statement reflects its
Initial recognition
share of the results of operations of associates and joint ventures.
Financial liabilities within the scope of IAS 39 are classified as
The Society’s share of associates’ other comprehensive income
financial liabilities at fair value through profit and loss or other
is recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income.
financial liabilities. The Society determines the classification
of its financial liabilities at initial recognition.
(e) Impairment of non-financial assets
The Society performs annual impairment testing to assess whether
Financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and in the
there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. If any such
case of other financial liabilities, directly attributable transaction
indication exists an impairment loss is recognised for the amount
costs. The Society’s financial liabilities include trade and other
by which the asset’s carrying value exceeds its recoverable amount.
payables, accruals, subordinated notes and perpetual subordinated
The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less
capital securities and derivative liabilities.
costs of disposal and value in use.
Subsequent measurement
Prior impairments of non-financial assets are reviewed for possible
The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends
reversal at each reporting date.
on their classification as follows:
(f) Financial instruments
(i) Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include
Financial assets
derivative financial liabilities which are classified as held for
Initial recognition trading. Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are
Financial assets within the scope of IAS 39 are classified as recognised in the Group income statement; and
financial assets at fair value through profit or loss or loans and (ii) Other financial liabilities, which include the subordinated notes
receivables. The Society determines the classification of its financial and the perpetual subordinated capital securities, are carried
assets at initial recognition. at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
Financial assets are recognised initially at fair value plus, in the Fair value of financial instruments
case of loans and receivables, directly attributable transaction Financial instruments are categorised for disclosure purposes into
costs. A financial asset is classified in this category if acquired a hierarchy consisting of three levels depending upon the source
principally for the purpose of selling in the short term. of input as required by IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures.
Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of Level 1 – The fair value of financial instruments which are actively
assets within a timeframe established by regulation or convention traded in organised financial markets is determined by reference to
in the market place (regular way purchases) are recognised on the quoted market bid prices at the close of business on the reporting
settlement date. date. The quoted market price used for financial assets held by the
Society is the current bid price; the appropriate quoted market price
The Society’s financial assets include loans recoverable, statutory for financial liabilities is the current offer price.
insurance deposits and other investments designated at fair value
through profit or loss, trade and other receivables, accrued income, Level 2 – The fair value of financial instruments for which quoted
cash and cash equivalents and derivative assets. market prices are not used for valuation purposes are derived both
directly and indirectly from observable market conditions. The fair
Subsequent measurement value of forward currency contracts is calculated by reference to
The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their current forward exchange rates for contracts with similar maturity
classification as follows: profiles. The nominal value less estimated credit adjustments of
trade receivables and payables are assumed to approximate to
(i) Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss include their fair values.
derivative financial assets which are classified as held for
trading, and financial assets designated upon initial recognition Level 3 – The fair value of financial instruments for which there
at fair value through profit or loss. They are carried in the Group is no observable quoted market price is determined by a variety
statement of financial position at fair value. Gains and losses of methods incorporating assumptions that are based, so far as
arising from changes in their fair value are included in the Group possible, on market conditions existing at each reporting date.
income statement in the period in which they arise. When financial
assets are interest bearing, interest calculated using the effective
interest method is recognised in the Group income statement; and
126 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Where the significance of the inputs used in the determination of (i) Employee benefits
the fair value of a financial instrument changes, the classification The Society accounts for pensions and similar benefits (principally
of the financial instrument in the fair value hierarchy is reviewed. income protection due to ill health) under IAS 19 Employee Benefits.
Where the assessment of the classification has changed, a transfer The Society operates a number of defined benefit pension schemes
is made between the respective levels. in which obligations are measured at discounted present value using
the projected unit credit method, while plan assets are recorded at
Amortised cost of financial instruments fair value. The operating and financing income and costs of the
Amortised cost is computed using the effective interest method less scheme are recognised in the Group income statement. Service
any allowance for impairment and principal repayment or reduction. costs, financing income (expected return on plan assets) and costs
The calculation takes into account any premium or discount on are recognised in the periods in which they arise. Actuarial gains
acquisition and includes transaction costs and fees that are an and losses are recognised in full in the Group statement of
integral part of the effective interest rate. comprehensive income in the period in which they occur. Costs of
discretionary awards in respect of past service are recognised in
Impairment of financial assets the Group income statement when amounts are committed to be
The Society assesses at each reporting date whether there is an paid or there is a constructive liability to make awards to pensioners.
indication that an asset may be impaired. If any such indication
exists, the asset is written down to its recoverable amount. Payments to separately administered defined contribution schemes
are charged to the Group income statement as they fall due.
Derecognition of financial instruments
Investments are derecognised when the right to receive cash flows Short-term bonuses are accrued in the period to which they relate,
from the asset have expired or, in the case of a financial liability, long-term bonuses are recognised over their vesting period.
when the obligation under the liability is cancelled or discharged.
(j) Loans recoverable
(g) Insurance contracts (liabilities and reinsurance
Recoverable Central Fund loans made to Hardship members are
assets)
valued on a fair value basis and are designated as fair value through
In accordance with IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts, the Society applies profit or loss. Any gains or losses arising from changes in the fair
established UK accounting practices for insurance contracts, value are included in the Group income statement in the period in
modified as appropriate to comply with the IFRS framework and which they arise. Fair values are determined by reference to an
applicable standards. estimate of the valuation of the underlying investments at the dates
at which they may be exercised and discounted back to present day
Insurance contracts are defined as those containing significant values. A security can normally only be exercised on the later date
insurance risk which arises if, and only if, an insured event could of death of the member or of their spouse. This date is assessed
cause an insurer to pay significant additional benefits in any using actuarial assumptions.
scenario, excluding scenarios that lack commercial substance,
at the inception of the contract. Such contracts remain insurance (k) Taxation
contracts until all rights and obligations are extinguished or expired.
Corporation tax on the surplus or deficit for the periods presented
comprise current and deferred tax. Corporation and income tax are
An impairment review is performed on all reinsurance assets when
recognised in the Group income statement except to the extent that
an indication of impairment occurs. Reinsurance assets are
it relates to items recognised directly in the Group statement of
impaired only if there is objective evidence that the Society may
comprehensive income.
not receive all amounts due to it under the terms of the contract
and this can be measured reliably.
Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for
the year, using tax rates enacted or substantially enacted at the
The Society’s policy for measuring balances for insurance contracts
reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of
issued by overseas subsidiaries is to apply the valuation technique
previous years.
used in the issuing entity’s local statutory or regulatory reporting.
Therefore, for insurance contracts issued by Lloyd’s Insurance
Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary
Company (China) Limited (LICCL), balances are calculated in
differences and deferred tax assets are recognised for all
accordance with the People’s Republic of China Generally Accepted
deductible temporary differences and unutilised tax losses to the
Accounting Principles (PRC GAAP).
extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against
which the deductible temporary differences or tax losses can
In particular, unearned premium reserves are calculated after
be utilised.
deducting acquisition costs such as commissions, handling fees,
business taxes, surcharges and regulatory charges, whilst
outstanding claims reserves include a risk margin.
(h) Inventories
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable
value on a first in, first out (FIFO) basis. Net realisable value is
the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business
less estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 127

Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
2. Principal accounting policies continued (v) Other income
Other income is recognised when recoverability is agreed.
(k) Taxation continued
Deferred tax is measured on an undiscounted basis at the rates that
(o) Insurance premiums
are expected to apply in the periods in which timing differences
Insurance premiums represent premiums on business incepting
reverse, based on tax rates and laws enacted or substantially
during the year, together with adjustments for premiums written
enacted at the reporting date.
in previous accounting periods. Premium income is recognised
over the period of cover, taking the underlying risk exposure
(l) Subordinated notes and perpetual subordinated
into account. Premiums written are stated before deduction of
capital securities
commissions but net of taxes, duties levied on premiums and
Subordinated debt is initially recognised at fair value, being the fair
other similar deductions.
value of the consideration received net of issue costs associated
with the borrowing.
(p) Insurance claims
Claims incurred in insurance related activities consist of claims
After initial recognition, the subordinated debt is subsequently
and claims handling expenses paid during the year together with
recorded at amortised cost using the effective interest rate over
the movement in outstanding claims. Outstanding claims are the
the period to the earliest option date. Amortised cost is calculated
estimated final cost of all claims incurred but not settled at the
after taking into account issue costs and issue discount.
reporting date, including claims incurred but not reported (IBNR).
Outstanding claims are discounted. Subsequent information and
(m) Cash and cash equivalents
events may result in the ultimate liability being less than, or greater
For the purposes of the Group statement of cash flows, cash
than, the amount provided. Any differences between the provision
comprises cash at banks and demand deposits, and cash
and subsequent settlements are reflected within the Group financial
equivalents comprise highly liquid investments that are convertible
statements of later years when differences between provision and
into cash with an insignificant risk of changes in value, with original
subsequent settlement become apparent.
maturities of less than three months.
(q) Central Fund claims and provisions
(n) Income recognition
Central Fund claims and provisions (undertakings) are accounted
Income, which is stated net of value added tax, comprises the
for when they are approved by the Council and become contractual
fair value of amounts receivable. Revenue arising in respect of
commitments. These undertakings are granted wholly at the
Members’ subscriptions, the Market modernisation levy and
discretion of the Council for a fixed period, normally one year, and
Central Fund contributions is calculated by applying a percentage
therefore are not deemed to be constructive obligations, except
to management’s estimate of the future premium of each syndicate
for renewals of those commitments previously granted. For those
underwriting year. This future premium is estimated based on
corporate members in provisional liquidation, the Council provides
historical development trends. This approach therefore assumes
a supporting commitment, which will ensure that in no circumstance
that the premium written in the current year will develop in a similar
will an insurance creditor receive less than the amount it would have
pattern to that demonstrated in previous years.
received in a winding up commencing on the date of the provisional
liquidation. As the supporting undertakings are legally enforceable
The impact of any potential anomalies in the premium earning
commitments, an estimate of their value is included within provisions
pattern of any one particular year is mitigated by applying an
in the Group financial statements and changes during the period are
average development factor which is calculated based on the
reflected in the Group income statement.
experience of a number of years. The extrapolation factor is
based on a development factor which is applied to the current
Recoveries in respect of undertakings previously given are credited
year written premium. Income is recognised as follows:
to the Group income statement when contractually committed to be
received.
(i) Members’ subscriptions, market charges and other
services
(r) Foreign currency and derivative instruments foreign
Members’ subscriptions, market charges and other services
currency translation
are recognised in the period for which the service is provided.
(i) Functional and presentation currency
They are recognised on a basis that reflects the timing, nature
The Group financial statements are presented in pounds
and value of the benefits provided.
sterling, which is the Society’s functional and presentation
(ii) Central Fund contributions
currency. Items included in the financial statements of each of
Central Fund contributions from members underwriting
the Society’s entities are measured using the currency of the
in the year are recognised in the period for which the service
primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the
is provided.
‘functional currency’).
(iii) Interest income
(ii) Transactions and balances
Interest receivable is recognised in the Group income statement
Transactions in foreign currencies are recorded at the exchange
on a time apportioned basis using the effective interest method.
rate prevailing on the date of the transaction. At each reporting
Any unwinding of discount is recognised as interest income.
date, monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
(iv) Dividend income
currencies are retranslated at the exchange rate prevailing at
Dividend income from equity investments is included in the
the reporting date. Translation differences on monetary items
Group income statement on the ex-dividend date.
are taken to the Group income statement.
128 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Translation differences on non-monetary items measured at fair (ii) Impairment, introducing a new, expected loss impairment model
value are reported as part of the fair value gain or loss and included that will require more timely recognition of expected credit
in the Group statement of comprehensive income. losses; and
The results and financial position of overseas Society operations (iii) Hedge accounting, by introducing a substantially reformed
are translated into pounds sterling as follows: accounting model, with enhanced disclosures about risk
management activity.
(i) Assets and liabilities are translated at the closing rate at the
date of that statement of financial position; In advance of implementation of the standard, a review of the main
financial instruments of the Society has been carried out. From this
(ii) Income and expenses are translated at the average exchange review, it is not expected that implementation of IFRS 9 will have a
rate for the year; and material impact on the Group financial statements of the Society.
The main difference will be that certain financial assets will be
(iii) Any resulting exchange differences are recognised in the Group valued using an amortised cost model going forwards, whereas
statement of comprehensive income. currently most of the Corporation assets and liabilities (with the
exception of the subordinated loan notes) are valued at fair value.
The Society enters into forward currency contracts to manage
exposures to fluctuation in foreign exchange rates, and to provide The following table gives details of how the key balances within the
a service to the Lloyd’s market. Where gains and losses are not balance sheet will be valued going forwards:
expected to be refunded or recovered from the Lloyd’s market,
these amounts are taken to the Group income statement.
2017 Valuation Current
Amount method under valuation
The principal exchange rates were: Investment category £m IFRS9 method
Government fixed interest 808 Fair value Fair value
2017 2016 2017 2016 securities
Average Average Closing Closing
Corporate securities 733 Fair value Fair value
US$ 1.29 1.35 1.35 1.24
Emerging market and high yield 336 Fair value Fair value
Can$ 1.67 1.78 1.70 1.66
fixed interest
RMB 8.73 8.94 8.75 8.53
Equities 392 Fair value Fair value
Euro 1.14 1.22 1.13 1.17
Hedge funds 151 Fair value Fair value
Commodities 48 Fair value Fair value
(s) Leases
Loan investments 98 Fair value Fair value
Payments made under operating leases are charged to the Group
income statement on a straight line basis over the period of the Short term and security deposits 241 Amortised Fair value
lease. Contractual capital expenditure is provided for over the cost
term of the underlying lease agreement. The lease cost provision 486 Amortised Fair value
Statutory insurance deposits
(see note 22) is an accounting estimate which arises due to the cost
fact the Society has entered into a number of fully repairing leases.
Total financial investments 3,293
(t) New standards and interpretations not applied
Trade and other receivables 265 Amortised Fair value
International Accounting Standards (beginning on or after) due within one year cost
IFRS 9 Financial Instruments 1 January 2018
497 Amortised Fair value
Cash and cash equivalents
IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers 1 January 2018 cost
IFRS 16 Leases 1 January 2019 Subordinated notes and perpetual 793 Amortised Amortised
IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts 1 January 2021 subordinated capital securities cost cost
481 Amortised Fair value
Trade and other payables
IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments cost
IFRS 9 replaces IAS 39 and specifies how an IFRS reporter will
There is currently no material difference between fair value
recognise, measure, present and disclose financial instruments.
and amortised cost for the above balances.
The standard is effective for annual periods beginning on or after
1 January 2018, although it is available for early application.
Further information on the Society’s current accounting policy
for financial instruments is provided in note 2(f) and note 18.
The standard focuses on three key areas set out below:
(i) Classification and measurement, determining how financial
assets and financial liabilities are accounted for in financial
statements and, in particular, how they are measured on an
ongoing basis;
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 129

Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
2. Principal accounting policies continued IFRS 17 – Insurance Contracts
IFRS 17 was issued in May 2017, with an effective date of 1 January
IFRS 15 – Revenue from Contracts with Customers
2021. The standard is expected to have a material impact on the
IFRS 15 specifies how and when an IFRS reporter will recognise
Society’s consolidated accounts, driven by the insurance operations
revenue as well as requiring such entities to provide users of
in China, Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited, and the
financial statements with more informative, relevant disclosures.
Society’s new insurance subsidiary in Belgium, Lloyd’s Insurance
IFRS 15 was issued in May 2014 and applies to annual reporting
Company S.A. Further information on the Society’s current
periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018. The standard
accounting policy for insurance contracts is provided in note 2(g)
provides a single, principles based five step model to be applied
and note 5.
to all contracts with customers.
3. Segmental analysis
(i) Identify the contract(s) with a customer;
(ii) Identify the performance obligations in the contract; Segmental information is presented in respect of the Society’s
(iii) Determine the transaction price; business segments. The primary business segments are based
(iv) Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations on the Society’s management and internal reporting structure.
in the contract; and
(v) Recognise revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies Intra-segment pricing is determined on an arm’s length basis.
a performance obligation.
Segmental results, assets and liabilities include items directly
In advance of implementation of the standard, a review of the attributable to a segment as well as those that can be allocated
Society’s revenue streams has been carried out. In particular, each on a reasonable basis.
source of revenue has been reviewed applying each of the five steps
set out above. From this review, it is not expected that Segmental capital expenditure is the total cost incurred during the
implementation of IFRS 15 will have a material impact on the Group year to acquire segment assets that are expected to be used for
financial statements of the Society. Further information on the more than one period.
Society’s current accounting policy for revenue recognition is
provided in note 2(n). The Society’s primary business segments are as follows:
IFRS 16 – Leases (i) Corporation of Lloyd’s: the main corporate purposes are to
IFRS 16 specifies how an IFRS reporter will recognise, measure, facilitate the carrying on of insurance business by members of
present and disclose leases. It will result in almost all leases being Lloyd’s and the advancement and protection of their interests
recognised on the balance sheet (except for short term and low in this context. The activities of authorised insurance company
leases). Under the new standard, an asset (the right to use a leased subsidiary undertakings are included within this business
item) and a financial liability to pay rentals are recognised. IFRS 16 segment; and
was issued on 1 January 2016 and applies to annual reporting (ii) Lloyd’s Central Fund: these funds, comprising the New Central
periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019. The majority of the Fund and Old Central Fund, are assets of the Society and are
Society’s leases are longer term operating leases in respect of held and administered at the discretion of the Council, primarily
properties, within both the UK and a number of overseas locations. as funds available for the protection of the policyholders. Unless
the approval of members is obtained, the New Central Fund may
It is expected that implementation of IFRS 16 will have a material not be used for the purposes of extinguishing or reducing
impact on the Group financial statements of the Society. Although liabilities which have been reinsured by Equitas.
the requirements of IFRS 16 do not change the total amount of cash
flows between the parties to a lease, the recognition pattern of
those cash flows will change, with the charge to the Income
statement in the earlier stages of a lease typically higher than under
current IFRS. Processes and systems are being reviewed to identify
where changes are required in order to ensure full compliance with
the new accounting standard from 2019 onwards. The outcome of
this review and quantification of the impact on the Society’s financial
statements will be published in 2018. Further information on the
Society’s current accounting policy for leases is provided in note
2(s) and note 25.
130 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

2017 2017 2017
Corporation Lloyd’s Society
of Lloyd’s Central Fund total
(a) Information by business segment Note £m £m £m
Segment income
Total income 3(b) 351 125 476
Segment operating expenses
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred 4 – – –
Gross insurance claims and insurance expenses incurred 5 (212) – (212)
Insurance claims and expenses recoverable from reinsurers 5 212 – 212
Other Group operating expenses:
Employment (including pension costs) 7 (138) – (138)
Premises (52) – (52)
Legal and professional 6 (36) (1) (37)
Systems and communications (33) – (33)
Other (35) (11) (46)
Total other Group operating expenses (294) (12) (306)
Total segment operating expenses (294) (12) (306)
Total segment operating surplus 57 113 170
Finance costs 8 – (55) (55)
Finance income 8 9 53 62
Share of profits of associates 10 10 – 10
Segment surplus before tax 76 111 187
Tax charge (31)
Surplus for the year 156
Segment assets and liabilities
Financial investments 645 2,648 3,293
Cash and cash equivalents 433 64 497
Other assets 581 154 735
Segment assets 1,659 2,866 4,525
Tax assets 37 (12) 25
Total assets 1,696 2,854 4,550
Segment liabilities (1,521) (834) (2,355)
Tax liabilities (30) 23 (7)
Total liabilities (1,551) (811) (2,362)
Total equity 145 2,043 2,188
Other segment information
Capital expenditure 13/14 8 – 8
Depreciation 14 6 – 6
Impairment of long lived assets 14 2 – 2
Average number of UK employees (permanent and contract) 902 – 902
Average number of overseas employees (permanent and contract) 255 – 255
Average number of total employees (permanent and contract) 1,157 – 1,157
Average staff numbers are on a full time equivalent basis.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 131

Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
3. Segmental analysis continued
2016 2016 2016
Corporation Lloyd’s Society
of Lloyd’s Central Fund total
(a) Information by business segment continued Note £m £m £m
Segment income
Total income 3(b) 332 120 452
Segment operating expenses
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred 4 – (8) (8)
Gross insurance claims and insurance expenses incurred 5 (200) – (200)
Insurance claims and expenses recoverable from reinsurers 5 200 – 200
Other Group operating expenses:
Employment (including pension costs) 7 (147) – (147)
Premises (49) – (49)
Legal and professional 6 (33) (1) (34)
Systems and communications (36) – (36)
Other (31) (10) (41)
Total other Group operating expenses (296) (11) (307)
Total segment operating expenses (296) (19) (315)
Total segment operating surplus 36 101 137
Finance costs 8 – (54) (54)
Finance income 8 (1) 315 314
Share of profits of associates 10 8 – 8
Segment surplus before tax 43 362 405
Tax charge (75)
Surplus for the year 330
Segment assets and liabilities
Financial investments 672 2,688 3,360
Cash and cash equivalents 344 47 391
Other assets 414 160 574
Segment assets 1,430 2,895 4,325
Tax assets 47 (7) 40
Total assets 1,477 2,888 4,365
Segment liabilities (1,408) (928) (2,336)
Tax liabilities (25) (8) (33)
Total liabilities (1,433) (936) (2,369)
Total equity 44 1,952 1,996
Other segment information
Capital expenditure 13/14 9 – 9
Depreciation 14 8 – 8
Impairment of long lived assets 14 – – –
Average number of UK employees (permanent and contract) 877 – 877
Average number of overseas employees (permanent and contract) 247 – 247
Average number of total employees (permanent and contract) 1,124 – 1,124
Average staff numbers are on a full time equivalent basis.
132 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Corporation of Lloyd’s Lloyd’s Central Fund Society total
2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016
(b) Income £m £m £m £m £m £m
Market Charges
Managing agents and syndicates 156 142 – – 156 142
Members and members’ agents 13 13 – – 13 13
Total market charges 169 155 – – 169 155
Members’ subscriptions 133 135 – – 133 135
Market modernisation levy 31 28 – – 31 28
Other charges 18 14 – – 18 14
Total operating income 351 332 – – 351 332
Central Fund income – – 125 120 125 120
Gross written premiums 253 238 – – 253 238
Outward reinsurance premiums (253) (238) – – (253) (238)
Total income 351 332 125 120 476 452
The table below analyses income by geographical segment:
2017 2016
£m £m
UK China Other Total UK China Other Total
Total operating income 287 25 39 351 269 24 39 332
Central Fund income 125 – – 125 120 – – 120
Gross written premiums – 253 – 253 – 238 – 238
Outward reinsurance premiums – (253) – (253) – (238) – (238)
Total income 412 25 39 476 389 24 39 452
Central Fund contributions from members and Corporation of Lloyd’s subscriptions
During the year, members paid to the Corporation (members’ subscriptions) and to the Central Fund (Central Fund contributions from
members) 0.40% and 0.35% respectively of their syndicate forecast gross written premium (2016: 0.45% and 0.35% respectively). Central
Fund contributions in the first three years of membership are charged at 1.4% of syndicate forecast gross written premium. The ultimate
amounts to be retained by the Corporation and the Central Fund for 2017 will be based on actual 2017 gross written premiums of members,
the quantification of which will not be known until 2019. The £122m (Central Fund contributions from members) and £133m (members’
subscriptions) included in the Group income statement are based on the present best estimates of the ultimate amounts that will be
retained by the Central Fund and the Corporation respectively.
In order to fund the operation of the Society’s overseas network of offices, an overseas operating charge is levied on the market based on
a set percentage of gross written premiums overseas. The collection method is quarterly with an adjustment after 12 months to the actual
level of premiums written.
In addition to the above, a levy was charged to fund the costs of market modernisation, the levy is calculated as 0.09% (2016: 0.10%) of
gross written premiums.
Other Group income includes foreign exchange gains, market settlement recoveries which represent continuing debt recoveries from
the 1996 ‘Reconstruction and Renewal’ settlement and recoveries in respect of undertakings given by the Central Fund.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 133

Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
4. Central Fund claims and provisions incurred
2017 2016
Note £m £m
Net undertakings granted 22 – (8)
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred – (8)
The Council has given undertakings within financial limits to certain corporate members to use the New Central Fund to discharge the
liability of those members where they have unpaid cash calls and do not have the resources to meet those cash calls (see note 2(q) for
further information). Unutilised undertakings as at 31 December 2017 were nil (2016: nil).
5. Insurance activities
Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited
Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited (LICCL) is the principal insurance business of the Society. LICCL is a wholly owned subsidiary
undertaking of the Society. The company’s principal activity during 2017 was the reinsurance of non-life business in the China insurance
market and direct non-life insurance in the Shanghai municipality. Lloyd’s syndicates participate in LICCL’s business by means of
retrocession agreements which allow a 100% risk transfer.
For insurance contracts, claims provisions (comprising provisions for claims reported by policyholders and claims incurred but not reported)
are established to cover the ultimate cost of settling the liabilities in respect of claims that have occurred and are estimated based on
known facts at the reporting date. Outstanding claims provisions are discounted for the time value of money.
2017 2016
£m £m
Insurance claims
Gross claims
Claims paid (78) (55)
Change in provisions for claims (72) (74)
Total gross claims (150) (129)
Reinsurance expenses (62) (71)
Total gross insurance claims and insurance expenses incurred (212) (200)
Claims recoverable from reinsurers
Claims recovered from reinsurers 78 55
Change in reinsurance contract assets 72 74
Total claims recoverable from reinsurers 150 129
Reinsurance expenses recovered from reinsurers 62 71
Total insurance claims and expenses recoverable from reinsurers 212 200
134 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Insurance contract assets and liabilities are analysed as follows:
2017 2017 2016 2016
Insurance Reinsurer’s Insurance Reinsurer’s
contract share of 2017 contract share of 2016
liabilities liabilities Net liabilities liabilities Net
£m £m £m £m £m £m
Provision for claims reported 116 (116) – 60 (60) –
Provision for IBNR claims 117 (117) – 106 (106) –
Total provision for insurance claims 233 (233) – 166 (166) –
Unearned premiums 109 (109) – 88 (88) –
Insurance contract liabilities 342 (342) – 254 (254) –
The increased balances flow from additional business written through the LICCL platform and the duration of claims payments.
The movement in provision for insurance claims is analysed as follows:
2017 2017 2016 2016
Insurance Reinsurer’s Insurance Reinsurer’s
contract share of 2017 contract share of 2016
liabilities liabilities Net liabilities liabilities Net
£m £m £m £m £m £m
At 1 January 166 (166) – 79 (79) –
Claims incurred/(released) 150 (150) – 129 (129) –
Claims paid (see below) (78) 78 – (55) 55 –
Effect of exchange rates (5) 5 – 13 (13) –
At 31 December 233 (233) – 166 (166) –
Claims incurred consist of claims and claims handling expenses paid during the year, together with the movement in outstanding claims. Full
provision is made, on the basis of available information, for the estimated ultimate cost of claims notified but not settled as at the date of the
statement of financial position, after taking into account handling costs and settlement trends. A provision for claims incurred but not notified
is also established as at that date on a statistical basis. The provision also reflects claims settlement expenses and anticipated reinsurance
and other recoveries. The provision for outstanding claims is based on information available at the reporting date. Subsequent information
and events may result in the ultimate liability being less than, or greater than, the amount provided.
Any differences between the provision and subsequent settlements are recorded in the Group income statements of later years.
Claims development table
The table below shows the development of claims over a period of time on a gross basis. The claims development table shows the
cumulative incurred claims, including both notified and IBNR claims for each successive year, together with cumulative claims at
the current reporting date.
2013
and prior 2014 2015 2016 2017 Total
£m £m £m £m £m £m
At end of underwriting year 111 19 72 122 107
One year later 109 24 77 163
Two years later 101 24 72
Three years later 103 25
Four years later 99
Current estimate of cumulative claims 99 25 72 163 107
Cumulative payments to date (91) (20) (49) (68) (5)
Total provision for insurance claims 8 5 23 95 102 233
Due to the fully reinsured liabilities of the vast majority of the Society’s insurance business, the Society has not prepared a claims
development table on a net basis.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 135

Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
5. Insurance activities continued
The movement in provision for unearned premiums is analysed as follows:
2017 2017 2016 2016
Insurance Reinsurer’s Insurance Reinsurer’s
contract share of 2017 contract share of 2016
liabilities liabilities Net liabilities liabilities Net
£m £m £m £m £m £m
At 1 January 88 (88) – 31 (31) –
Premiums written 253 (253) – 238 (238) –
Premiums earned (231) 231 – (186) 186 –
Effect of exchange rates (1) 1 – 5 (5) –
At 31 December 109 (109) – 88 (88) –
Insurance Risk
Insurance risk represents the possibility of the occurrence of a risk event, which results in uncertainties in relation to claim payments and
timing. Under the Society’s insurance contracts, the key insurance risk of the company is that the actual claim payment exceeds the
carrying amount of insurance reserves provided. These risks are likely to take place under the following circumstances:
— Occurrence risk – the possibility that the number of risk events is different from expectation;
— Severity risk – the possibility that the cost of risk events is different from expectation; and
— Development risk – the possibility that there is a change in reserves before the end of the contract.
LICCL has reinsured and retroceded 100% of the insurance risk for all underwritten premiums.
The concentration of insurance risk is presented by major line of business below:
2017 2016
% %
Commercial property insurance 30 34
Agricultural insurance 12 22
Credit insurance 22 13
Engineering insurance 9 11
Hull insurance 7 6
Special risk insurance 4 4
Liability insurance 8 4
Other 8 6
100 100
Risks
In addition to the risks which are set out in the Financial Risk Management section on pages 111 to 112, the Corporation’s subsidiary LICCL
is also subject to the following risks:
— Credit risk: there is a risk that a syndicate may be unable to fulfil its reinsurance obligations, in which case LICCL could potentially
be exposed to a loss;
— Regulatory risk: as an overseas underwriting company, LICCL is subject to the requirements of the local regulator and could
be subject to penalties if these regulations are not satisfied; and
— Management do not consider that LICCL is subject to insurance risk due to the fact that all business is 100% reinsured.
136 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Risk margin
Risk margin is the reserves provided for the uncertainty of estimated future cash flow. As LICCL does not have the basic historic data to
perform accurate computation of risk margin now, the risk margin of non-life business is determined based on an industry ratio. Under this
basis, the risk margin of unearned premium reserve is set at 3% and the risk margin of outstanding claims reserve is set at 2.5% of the
unbiased estimation of future cash flow respectively.
Credit Risk
LICCL is exposed to credit risks primarily associated with insurance, reinsurance and retrocession arrangements with its insurance
counterparties. Credit risk is minimised by actively monitoring the credit worthiness of counterparties and reviewing the pattern of
aged debt across the portfolio to ensure this is managed proactively.
Significant accounting estimates
Insurance contract reserves are calculated based on estimates of future payments arising from insurance contract obligations. The estimates
are based on current available information as at the balance sheet date taking into account the respective probability of various scenarios.
Unearned premium reserve
The main assumptions used in the calculation of the unearned premium reserve relate to the loss ratio, expenses and the discount rate.
(a) Loss ratio
The insurance loss ratio is calculated by making estimates with reference to the historical experience of loss ratios in the London insurance
market; the expected loss ratio provided by syndicates; and the Corporation’s actual claims experience.
(b) Expenses
In determining expense assumptions, estimates are made based on analysis of future development trends and after taking inflation into
account where applicable. The assumptions set for the inflation rate are consistent with those used for determining the discount rate.
(c) Discount rate
The discount rate used to calculate the unearned premium reserve is based on the market rate corresponding to the term and risk of
liabilities. Discount rates are determined with reference to the 750 day moving average bond yield curve, taking liquidity, taxation and other
factors into account. The discount rate assumption is affected by certain factors, such as future macro economics and capital markets and
is therefore subject to uncertainty.
Outstanding claims reserve
When calculating the outstanding claims reserve, the estimate is based on the expected ultimate cost of reported and unreported claims
at the balance sheet date. The ultimate claim cost is determined based on historical experience; the expected loss ratio provided by the
syndicates; actual claims experience and other elements. Claims expense reserves are calculated with reference to actual claims
expenses and future developing trends.
Outstanding claims reserves are calculated taking the time value of money into account. The discount rate used is the same as that used
for the calculation of the unearned premium reserve.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 137

Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
6. Other Group operating expenses
2017 2017
Corporation Lloyd’s 2017
of Lloyd’s Central Fund Total
Note £m £m £m
Other Group operating expenses include:
Employment costs 7 138 – 138
Operating lease costs – Lloyd’s 1986 building 17 – 17
Operating lease costs – other 12 – 12
Professional fees, including legal fees and related costs 34 1 35
Audit 1 – 1
Other services payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 1 – 1
Total legal and professional fees 36 1 37
Charitable donations 1 – 1
Other services payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP include work undertaken on the Aggregate Accounts, Pro Forma Financial
Statements and regulatory returns, in addition to, actuarial and information technology services.
2016 2016
Corporation Lloyd’s 2016
of Lloyd’s Central Fund Total
Note £m £m £m
Other Group operating expenses include:
Employment costs 7 147 – 147
Operating lease costs – Lloyd’s 1986 building 17 – 17
Operating lease costs – other 11 – 11
Professional fees, including legal fees and related costs 31 1 32
Audit 1 – 1
Other services payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 1 – 1
Total legal and professional fees 33 1 34
Charitable donations 1 – 1
Other services payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP include work undertaken on the Aggregate Accounts, Pro Forma Financial
Statements and regulatory returns, in addition to, actuarial and information technology services.
7. Employment
2017 2016
Note £m £m
Salaries and wages (including performance related bonus) 89 84
Lloyd’s Performance Plan (excluding social security costs) – 7
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme costs 12 (2) 12
Other pension costs 4 3
Social security costs 11 9
Severance costs 6 1
Contract and agency staff 18 16
Other employment costs 12 15
Total employment costs 138 147
The emoluments of the Chairman, CEO, members of the Council and Board are included in the report of the Remuneration Committee
on page 95.
138 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

8. Finance
2017 2017
Corporation Lloyd’s 2017
of Lloyd’s Central Fund Total
Note £m £m £m
Finance costs
Interest payable on financial liabilities measured at amortised cost – (51) (51)
Other interest payable and similar charges – – –
Amortisation of issue costs and discount – (4) (4)
Total interest payable on financial liabilities 3(a) – (55) (55)
Finance income
Bank interest received 2 7 9
Dividends received – 7 7
Other returns on investments designated at fair value through profit or loss (2) 38 36
Unrealised fair value movement of forward contracts held for trading 9 (1) 8
Realised fair value movement of forward contracts held for trading – 2 2
Movement in valuation of loans recoverable designated at fair value through profit or loss – – –
Total finance income 3(a) 9 53 62
2016 2016
Corporation Lloyd’s 2016
of Lloyd’s Central Fund Total
Note £m £m £m
Finance costs
Interest payable on financial liabilities measured at amortised cost – (53) (53)
Other interest payable and similar charges – – –
Amortisation of issue costs and discount – (1) (1)
Total interest payable on financial liabilities 3(a) – (54) (54)
Finance income
Bank interest received 3 6 9
Dividends received – 7 7
Other returns on investments designated at fair value through profit or loss 1 372 373
Unrealised fair value movement of forward contracts held for trading (5) 4 (1)
Realised fair value movement of forward contracts held for trading – (77) (77)
Increase in valuation of loans recoverable designated at fair value through profit or loss – 3 3
Total finance income 3(a) (1) 315 314
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 139

Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
9. Investments in subsidiary undertakings
Subsidiaries are those entities over which the Society directly or indirectly has the power to govern the operating and financial policies in
order to gain economic benefits. The basis by which subsidiaries are consolidated in the Group financial statements is outlined in the basis
of preparation (note 1).
The following subsidiaries principally affected the Group’s results as at 31 December 2017, as set out in the Society Group income statement.
Company name Nature of business Country of incorporation
Additional Underwriting Agencies Acts as members’ agent for Names England and Wales
(No. 5) Limited
Additional Securities Limited Provision of deposits overseas on behalf of Lloyd’s underwriters to comply England and Wales
with local insurance regulations
Centrewrite Limited Authorised UK insurance company England and Wales
Lloyd’s Finance Company Limited Capital management England and Wales
Lloyd’s Housing Support Limited General commercial company England and Wales
Lloyd’s Members Agency Services Limited Acts as members’ agent for run off affairs England and Wales
Omniline Services Limited Incorporated for the purpose of sale and leaseback of Lloyd’s 1958 Building England and Wales
Syndicate Underwriting Management Limited Provision of insurance run off and related administrative services England and Wales
Tutelle Limited Acts as a trustee of a fund established in order to secure the performance England and Wales
of obligations under certain indemnities given by the Society
Lloyd’s Australia Limited Provision of administrative functions for Lloyd’s underwriters and acts as Australia
liaison office with the insurance regulatory authorities in Australia
Lloyd’s Canada Inc. Provision of administration function on behalf of the Society and Canada
Lloyd’s underwriters in Canada
Lloyd’s Cyprus Limited Acts as general and fiscal representative in Cyprus of Lloyd’s underwriters Cyprus
Lloyd’s Escritorio de Representacao Provides representative, administrative and management services on Brazil
no Brasil Ltda. behalf of the Society and participant of Lloyd’s insurance market. Also acts as
general and fiscal representative for Lloyd’s underwriters
Lloyd’s France SAS Provides administrative and management services on behalf of the Society France
and insurance market participants
Lloyd’s Iberia Representative S. L. U. Provides administrative and management services on behalf of the Society Spain
and participants of Lloyd’s insurance market
Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited Authorised insurance company in China China
Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A. Lloyd’s planned insurance company in Belgium for EU business Belgium
Lloyd’s Ireland Representative Limited Provides administrative and management services on behalf of the Society Ireland
and participants of Lloyd’s insurance market. Also acts as general
representative for Lloyd’s underwriters in Ireland
Lloyd’s Japan Inc. Acting as a general agent for the Society in Japan Japan
Lloyd’s Labuan Limited Licensed to carry on business as underwriting manager in Malaysia Malaysia
Lloyd’s Limited Provides administrative and management services on behalf of the Society United Arab Emirates
and participants of Lloyd’s insurance market
Lloyd’s Malta Limited Acts as a local general representative of the Society and those underwriting Malta
members of Lloyd’s who transact insurance business in Malta
Lloyd’s Netherlands Representative B. V. Acts as representative office of Lloyd’s underwriters and the Society Netherlands
Lloyd’s of London (Asia) Pte Ltd Provides support for business development, administration and coordination Singapore
services to the Society and Lloyd’s managing agents. Also provides
administrative functions for Lloyd’s underwriters and acts as a liaison with the
relevant regulatory authorities in Singapore
Lloyd’s of London (Representative Office) Acts as general and fiscal representative of Lloyd’s underwriters in Greece Greece
Greece SA
Lloyd’s Polska Sp. z o.o. Provides administrative and management services on behalf of the Society Poland
of Lloyd’s and participants of Lloyd’s insurance market
Lloyd’s South Africa (Proprietary) Ltd Provision of administration function on behalf of the Society and South Africa
Lloyd’s underwriters in South Africa
140 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Company name Nature of business Country of incorporation
Lloyd’s America Ltd. Parent Company of Lloyd’s America Holding Inc. England and Wales
Lloyd’s America Holding Inc. Provision of services to the Society of Lloyd’s and its brokers and customers USA
Lloyd’s America Inc. in North America
Lloyd’s Illinois Inc.
Lloyd’s Kentucky Inc.
The main territory of operation of subsidiaries incorporated in England and Wales is the UK. For overseas subsidiaries, the principal country
of operation is the same as the country of incorporation. All operating subsidiaries have a 31 December year end reporting date with the
exception of Lloyd’s Japan Inc. with the year end reporting date of 31 March. All operating subsidiaries are 100% owned with the exception
of Lloyd’s Escritorio de Representacao no Brasil Ltda. which is 99.99% owned by the Society of Lloyd’s.
Restrictions
Lloyd’s operates in more than 200 territories around the world and uses a number of different operating models depending upon local
regulatory requirements. Different countries operate different regulatory regimes and, in some cases, these may place certain restrictions
on the use of capital and assets that are held within those countries, including capital of RMB 1bn (2016: RMB 1bn) within Lloyd’s Insurance
Company (China) Limited (LICCL). Lloyd’s proactively manages its international asset base to ensure that any such restrictions have a
minimal impact upon the utilisation of capital and investments or upon the operations of the Corporation.
Dormant subsidiaries
The Society has an ongoing interest in the following dormant subsidiaries. These subsidiaries are all 100% owned by the Society and they
have not actively traded as at 31 December 2017.
Company name Country of incorporation
Additional Underwriting Agencies (No. 9) Limited England and Wales
Additional Underwriting Agencies (No.10) Limited England and Wales
Bankside Nominees Limited England and Wales
Barder & Marsh Nominees Limited England and Wales
CI de Rougemont (Nominees) Limited England and Wales
CMA (CT&W) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Crowe Agency Nominees Limited England and Wales
Cuthbert Heath Nominees Limited England and Wales
Devonshire Underwriting Agencies Nominees Limited England and Wales
EHW (Nominees) Limited England and Wales
EWC (Nominees) Limited England and Wales
GP Eliot (Nominees) Limited England and Wales
Gammell Kershaw Nominees Limited England and Wales
GTUA Nominees Limited England and Wales
Habit Nominees Limited England and Wales
Hayter Brockbank Shipton Nominees Limited England and Wales
Higgins Brasier Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s Nominees Director Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s Nominees Secretary Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Cassidy Members) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Claremount) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Harrison Brothers) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Murray Lawrence) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Octavian) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (R J Kiln) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Sedgwick) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Spratt & White) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 141

Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
9. Investments in subsidiary undertakings continued
Dormant subsidiaries continued
Company name Country of incorporation
Lloyd’s of London (Stewart Members) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Wellington) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd-Roberts & Gilkes Nominees Limited England and Wales
Mander, Thomas & Cooper Nominees Limited England and Wales
Meacock (Nominees) Limited England and Wales
MFK Nominees Limited England and Wales
Miles Smith Nominees Limited England and Wales
Mocatta Dashwood Nominees Limited England and Wales
MUA Nominees Limited England and Wales
Mythzone Nominees Limited England and Wales
Nomad Nominees Limited England and Wales
Pieri Nominees Limited England and Wales
Pound Nominees Limited England and Wales
R F Kershaw (Nominees) Limited England and Wales
Rilong Nominees Limited England and Wales
Scott Caudle Hilsum Nominees Limited England and Wales
Sturge Central Nominees Limited England and Wales
Wendover Nominees Limited England and Wales
WFDA Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s Aviation Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s Building Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s.com Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s Information Services Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s Life Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s List Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London Press Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s Recoveries Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s Shelf Company 1 Limited England and Wales
Lutine Nominees & Insurance Limited England and Wales
Sharedealer Limited England and Wales
All subsidiary undertakings are included in the consolidated Society Report. The proportions of the voting rights in the subsidiary
undertakings held directly by the Society do not differ from the proportion of the ordinary shares held. With the exception of £1 preference
share for Lloyd’s Building Limited, the Society does not have any preference shares of subsidiary undertakings included in the Group.
142 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

10. Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures
The Society has the following significant holdings which have been included as investments in associates and joint ventures.
Company Name Country of Incorporation Proportion of equity capital held Nature of business
Ins-sure Holdings Limited England and Wales 25% Provision of premiums and claims
accounting and settlement, policy
production and ancillary insurance
services principally to the London
insurance market
Xchanging Claims Services Limited England and Wales 50% Provision of claims and
recoveries services
The Message Exchange Limited England and Wales Limited by guarantee 25% Provision of messaging
infrastructure to the
London insurance market
Structured Data Capture Limited England and Wales Limited by guarantee 33% Provision of standardisation of
data capture across the London
market
The issued share capital of Ins-sure Holdings Limited is £4,000. There are three classes of shares. The Society holds 1,000,000 B shares
of 0.1p each that have the right to participate in 25% of any profits available for distribution.
The issued share capital of Xchanging Claims Services Limited is £4,001. There are three classes of shares. The Society holds 1,000 A
shares of £1 each and 2,001 C shares of £1 each. The A and C shares have the following rights with respect to dividends:
(a) The A shares participate in 50% of any profits available for distribution after taking account of the dividend rights outlined above; and
(b) The C shares carry a right to a fixed cumulative preference dividend of 5% calculated on the nominal capital and a variable participating
dividend calculated by reference to trading profits.
The Society entered into a joint venture agreement with International Underwriting Association of London Limited (IUA); London and
International Brokers’ Association Limited; and Lloyd’s Market Association (LMA) for an equal participation in The Message Exchange
Limited (TMEL) which was incorporated on 27 August 2010. TMEL operates The Exchange – a simple messaging hub provided to the
London insurance market to support its efforts to extend the use of electronic processing of business. As at 31 December 2016 and 2017,
the net assets of TMEL had no material impact on the Society accounts.
In 2017, the Society entered into a joint venture agreement with IUA and LMA for an equal participation in Structured Data Capture Limited
(SDC) which was incorporated on 14 June 2017. The share capital of SDC is £3.
Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures
2017 2016
£m £m
At 1 January 7 8
Share of operating profits 11 10
Share of interest income – –
Share of tax on profit on ordinary activities (1) (2)
Total share of profits of associates 10 8
Share of actuarial gains/(losses) on pension liability 2 (3)
Share of tax on items taken directly to equity (1) 1
Dividends received – (7)
At 31 December 18 7
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 143

Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
Summarised statement of financial position
Summary of financial information for associates and joint ventures – 100%:
Ins-sure Xchanging Claims The Message Structured Data
Holdings Limited Services Limited Exchange Limited Capture Limited
As at 31 December As at 31 December As at 31 December As at 31 December
2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016
£m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
Current assets
Debtors 21 25 6 8 – – – –
Prepayments and accrued income 2 – – – – – – –
Cash at bank and in hand 41 11 21 9 – – – –
Total current assets 64 36 27 17 – – – –
Non-current assets
Tangible fixed assets – 1 – – – – – –
Intangible assets 35 32 – – – – – –
Deferred tax assets 2 2 – – – – – –
Total non-current assets 37 35 – – – – – –
Current liabilities
Creditors falling due within one year (39) (33) (14) (11) – – – –
Current income tax liabilites (9) (7) (2) (1) – – – –
Total current liabilities (48) (40) (16) (12) – – – –
Non-current liabilities
Creditors falling due after more than one year – – – – – – – –
Pension liability (3) (13) – (1) – – – –
Total non-current liabilities (3) (13) – (1) – – – –
Net assets 50 18 11 4 – – – –
Summarised statement of comprehensive income
Ins-sure Xchanging Claims The Message Structured Data
Holdings Limited Services Limited Exchange Limited Capture Limited
2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016
£m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
Revenues 101 99 32 29 1 1 1 –
Operating costs (74) (68) (24) (24) (1) (1) (1) –
Operating profit 27 31 8 5 – – – –
Profit on ordinary activities before taxation 27 31 8 5 – – – –
Tax on profit on ordinary activities (2) (6) (2) (1) – – – –
Profit for the financial year 25 25 6 4 – – – –
Other comprehensive income 8 (9) – (1) – – – –
Total comprehensive income 33 16 6 3 – – – –
144 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

11. Taxation
(a) Tax analysis of charge in the year
2017 2016
Note £m £m
Current tax:
Corporation tax based on profits for the year at 19.25% (2016: 20%) (23) (72)
Adjustments in respect of previous years 1 2
Foreign tax suffered (3) (2)
Total current tax (25) (72)
Deferred tax:
Origination and reversal of timing differences
Current year (7) (2)
Prior year 1 (1)
Tax charge recognised in the Group income statement 11(b) (31) (75)
Analysis of tax charge recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income:
Tax (charge)/credit on actuarial loss on pension liabilities:
Group (9) 19
Associates – –
Tax (charge)/credit recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income (9) 19
Total tax charge (40) (56)
(b) Reconciliation of effective tax rate
2017 2017 2016 2016
% £m % £m
Surplus on ordinary activities before tax 187 405
Expected tax at the current rate 19.3% (36) 20.0% (81)
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes 0.5% (1) 0.1% –
Overseas tax 0.2% (1) 0.1% –
Difference between tax and accounting profit on investments (0.4%) 1 (0.1%) –
Share of profits of associates (1.0%) 2 (0.4%) 2
Deferred tax on restated fixed assets (0.3%) 1 (0.1%) –
Deferred tax adjustment relating to change in tax rate (0.5%) 1 (0.7%) 3
Deferred tax prior year adjustments (0.4%) 1 0.3% (1)
Current tax prior year adjustments (0.8%) 1 (0.6%) 2
Tax charge 16.6% (31) 18.6% (75)
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 145

Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
11. Taxation continued
(c) Deferred tax
2017 2017 2017
Balance at Income 2017 Balance at
1 January statement Equity 31 December
£m £m £m £m
Plant and equipment 4 1 – 5
Financial investments (7) (6) – (13)
Pension liabilities 39 (1) (9) 29
Other employee benefits 3 (1) – 2
Provisions – 1 – 1
Other items 1 – – 1
Total deferred tax 40 (6) (9) 25
In 2017 there were no unrecognised deductible temporary differences (2016: nil).
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rate that will apply to the period when an asset is expected to be realised or a
liability is expected to be settled. The applicable rate is that which has been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date.
The deferred tax asset is based on a corporation tax rate of 19% to 17% depending on when an asset is expected to unwind (2016: 19.25% to 17%).
Reductions to the UK corporate tax rate to 19% from 1 April 2017 and 17% from 1 April 2020 were substantively enacted in September 2016.
2016 2016 2016
Balance at Income 2016 Balance at
1 January statement Equity 31 December
£m £m £m £m
Plant and equipment 6 (2) – 4
Financial investments (1) (6) – (7)
Pension liabilities 17 3 19 39
Other employee benefits 3 – – 3
Other items – 1 – 1
Total deferred tax 25 (4) 19 40
12. Pension schemes
Lloyd’s operates a number of defined benefit and defined contribution pension schemes. The principal scheme is the Lloyd’s Pension
Scheme, which is a defined benefit scheme. Other schemes have been established for certain employees based overseas.
These schemes are generally funded by the payment of contributions to separately administered funds.
Defined benefit and contribution plans
The pension deficits of the schemes at 31 December 2017 are as follows:
2017 2016
£m £m
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme (161) (228)
Overseas pension schemes (3) (3)
Total schemes deficit (164) (231)
146 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

The amounts (credited)/charged to the Group income statement and Group statement of comprehensive income in respect of defined
benefit plans and defined contribution plan, are as follows:
2017 2016
£m £m
Group income statement
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme (2) 12
Overseas pension schemes 2 2
Other pension contributions 2 1
Total 2 15
Group statement of comprehensive income
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme (48) 127
Overseas pension schemes – –
Total (48) 127
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme
The Lloyd’s Pension Scheme is a defined benefit pension scheme with assets held in a separately administered fund. The Scheme provides
pensions to members on retirement, as well as benefits on the death of members. The Scheme operates in accordance with the Scheme’s
Trust Deed and Rules and relevant legislation. A Board of Trustees manage and administer the Scheme; they are primarily responsible for
ensuring that members are paid the correct benefits at the correct time, and that there are sufficient Scheme assets to pay benefits as they
fall due.
The Scheme was originally set up as a final salary pension scheme (i.e. benefits for employed members were linked to their latest salary),
with a normal retirement age of 60 and an enhanced benefit section for senior managers. In recent years, in order to mitigate exposure to
pension scheme liabilities, several changes have been made to the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme.
— In February 2005, the senior management section of the Scheme was closed to new entrants and the Normal Retirement Age (NRA)
for all new joiners was increased from 60 to 65.
— The final salary scheme was closed to new joiners at the end of June 2006. New entrants from July 2006 were eligible to join the
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme but accrue benefits on a career average basis (where benefits are based on their average salary rather than
final salary).
— In April 2013, Lloyd’s made some further changes to its pension arrangements. The career average (i.e. CARE) section of the scheme
was closed to new joiners from April 2013, and to existing hires from June 2013 (existing employed members of each section continue
to accrue benefits). After these dates, employees are eligible to join the Lloyd’s Group Personal Pension Plan, which is administered by
Aviva. The amount charged to the Group income statement in respect of Lloyd’s Group Personal Pension Plan is £2m (2016: £1m).
Closure of pension scheme
The Society carried out a review of its rewards and recognition package during the year. The aim of this review was to ensure that the
Society offers a competitive and attractive package that is fair and consistent to all employees and in line with other employers, both
within and beyond the financial services industry.
As a result, the Society announced on 4 September 2017 a number of proposals regarding future pension provision for its employees.
Following that announcement, the Society entered into a collective consultation process for those in the Defined Benefit Pension Scheme,
during which employee representatives were elected and workshops were held, followed by meetings with affected individuals.
Following completion of that consultation process on 22 November 2017, and responding to some proposals from employees, the
Society subsequently announced that it will be proceeding with the closure of the Defined Benefit Pension Scheme to all members with
effect from 30 June 2018. Following that, all existing members of the Scheme will be automatically enrolled into the Lloyd’s Group Personal
Pension plan (GPP). The GPP contribution was also externally benchmarked and reviewed, with increased levels being approved from 2018
for all employees.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 147

Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
12. Pension schemes continued
Scheme contributions and funding valuation
UK legislation requires the funding position of the Scheme to be assessed at least every three years by an independent qualified actuary.
Contributions are paid to provide for the cost of benefit accrual and to meet any funding deficit. Any funding deficit or surplus is typically
amortised over a period. Contributions are made at the funding rates based on assumptions recommended by the actuary, and agreed
between the Trustees and Lloyd’s.
The last formal actuarial valuation of the Scheme was carried out by Willis Towers Watson as at 30 June 2016 using the projected unit
credit method. The total market value of the Scheme’s assets at the 2016 valuation was £667m, and the total value of accrued liabilities
was £730m showing a funding deficit of £63m. These figures exclude both liabilities and the related assets in respect of money purchase
Additional Voluntary Contributions (AVCs). A recovery plan is in place and has been agreed with the Trustees. This will be kept under review
as circumstances develop.
Employee contributions of 5% of pensionable earnings (or 10% of pensionable earnings for members of the senior management section)
have been introduced from July 2006. Normally, instead of making an employee contribution, employees make a salary sacrifice of the
appropriate percentage of their salary and Lloyd’s makes an additional employer contribution of the same amount.
Following the 2016 actuarial valuation, employer contributions to meet the cost of future accrual as a percentage of salaries are 35% for
final salary members with an NRA of 60, 30.8% for final salary members with an NRA of 65 and 18.6% for members accruing benefits on
a career average basis.
Members of the Lloyd’s Group Personal Pension plan can elect their contribution rate (payable via salary sacrifice) and can change
this at any time.
Following the review of the UK reward in 2017, a revised contribution matrix has been introduced from 1 January 2018, as follows:
Employee Lloyd’s Total
3% 8% 11%
4% 9% 13%
5% 10% 15%
6% 11% 17%
The cap on Lloyd’s contribution has been increased to 11%.
With effect from 1 July 2018, the contribution matrix will be further extended.
Discretionary pension increases – treatment for funding purposes
There are no guaranteed increases in payment for pensions accrued before 6 April 1997. In 2003, Lloyd’s instructed Willis Towers Watson
not to allow for such increases in calculating the Scheme’s liabilities for future actuarial funding valuations. Such increases have always
been payable at the discretion of Lloyd’s and will continue to be considered on the basis of affordability, but are not taken into account by
the actuary in determining the funding level.
Information about the risks of the Scheme to Lloyd’s
The ultimate cost of the Scheme to Lloyd’s will depend upon actual future events rather than the assumptions made. Many of the
assumptions made are unlikely to be borne out in practice and as such the cost of the Scheme may be higher or lower than disclosed. In
general, the risk to Lloyd’s is that the assumptions underlying the disclosures, or the calculation of contribution requirements, are not borne
out in practice and the cost to Lloyd’s is higher than expected. This could result in higher contributions required from Lloyd’s and a higher
deficit disclosed. This may also impact Lloyd’s ability to grant discretionary benefits or other enhancements to members.
More specifically, the assumptions not being borne out in practice could include:
— The return on the Scheme’s assets being lower than assumed, resulting in an unaffordable increase in the required contribution;
— Falls in asset values (particularly equities) not being matched by similar falls in the value of liabilities;
— A decrease in corporate bond yields will increase the Scheme’s liabilities, although this will be partially offset by an increase in the value
of the Scheme’s bond assets;
— The majority of the Scheme’s assets are linked to inflation, and higher inflation will lead to higher liabilities; and
— Unanticipated future changes in mortality patterns leading to an increase in the life expectancy for members, resulting in higher
liabilities. Future mortality rates cannot be predicted with certainty.
148 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

The Scheme’s investment strategy
The Scheme’s investment strategy apportions the Scheme’s assets into two portfolios. The risk-reducing portfolio, amounting to around
40% of the total assets, is invested in bonds, structured with the intention of generating cash flows that match as far as possible those
required to meet a proportion of the Scheme’s obligations. The return-seeking portfolio is intended to generate returns which over the
long term will fund the remainder of the Scheme’s obligations. This portfolio is invested in passive and active equities, and active property.
During 2017, three equity fund mangers were appointed to manage the new active equity allocation. The combined equity proportion is
approximately 50% of the total assets and the property proportion is around 10%.
As the Scheme matures, the Trustees and Lloyd’s expect to gradually reduce the proportion allocated to return-seeking assets and
increase the proportion allocated to matching assets.
Principal actuarial assumptions in respect of IAS 19
The demographic assumptions that are the most financially significant are those relating to the life expectancy of retired members. The
mortality table used for the purposes of the IAS 19 valuation as at 31 December 2017 was 110% (2016: 105%) of SAPs light tables for males
and 115% (2016: 110%) SAPs light tables for females, with allowance for future improvements in line with CMI 2015 core projections with
1.5% per annum trend improvement.
These assumptions are equivalent to expected longevity at age 60 approximately as follows:
— For pensioners currently aged 60: ranging from 28 years to 29 years (2016: 29 years to 30 years); and
— For non-pensioners currently aged 45: ranging from 30 years to 31 years (2016: 30 years to 31 years).
The other major financial assumptions used by the actuary as at 31 December 2017 for the purposes of IAS 19 were:
2017 2016 2015 2014 2013
% per % per % per % per % per
annum annum annum annum annum
General salary and wage inflation 4.2 4.4 4.2 4.1 4.4
Rate of increase in pensions in payment
6 April 1997 to 5 April 2005 3.1 3.2 3.1 3.0 3.2
Post 5 April 2005 2.2 2.3 2.2 2.2 2.3
Increases to final salary deferred pensions
Benefits accrued before April 2009 2.2 2.4 2.2 2.1 2.4
Benefits accrued from April 2009 2.2 2.4 2.2 2.1 2.4
CARE revaluation in service and in deferment, and increase in payment 2.2 2.3 2.2 2.2 2.3
Discount rate 2.4 2.6 3.8 3.7 4.4
Price inflation
Retail Price Inflation (RPI) 3.2 3.4 3.2 3.1 3.4
Consumer Price Inflation (CPI) 2.2 2.4 2.2 2.1 2.4
An allowance is made for members commuting 20% (2016: 20%) of their pension on retirement using the factors in use at the respective date.
For IAS 19 purposes, Lloyd’s recognises the cost of discretionary increases to pre 6 April 1997 benefits in payment when there is a
constructive liability to make such increases. Lloyd’s provided £10m in 2007 and a further £20m in 2011 to meet the expected cost of future
discretionary increases. This amount has been notionally segregated from the Scheme’s other assets (the ‘notional fund’) and its investment
performance will be tracked on the assumption that it is invested in the same way as the Scheme’s other assets.
The notional fund will be used to facilitate the award of future discretionary pension increases when Lloyd’s carries out its annual review of
pensions in accordance with the Scheme’s Definitive Trust Deed. As long as there is a notional fund set aside for this purpose, discretionary
increases will continue to be made. As at 31 December 2017 the value of the notional fund was £30m (2016: £29m).
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 149

Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
12. Pension schemes continued
Sensitivity of pension obligation to changes in assumptions
The actuarial valuation of liabilities under IAS 19 is particularly sensitive to changes in market conditions.
A change of 1% per annum in the discount rate as at 31 December 2017 would result in a change to the pension liabilities at that date
of around 20%, or approximately £190m (2016: £190m).
A change of 1% per annum in the assumption for future inflation (both RPI and CPI) as at 31 December 2017, which would change future
expectations of salary increases, pension increases and deferred revaluation, would result in a change to the pension liabilities at that
date of around 10%, or approximately £95m (2016: £95m).
A change in the mortality assumptions could have a significant impact on the pension liability. For instance, if members aged 60 were
instead expected to live for one year longer, with all other members’ life expectancies increasing by a proportionate amount, then the liability
as at 31 December 2017 would be 3% higher (2016: 3%).
Amounts for the current and previous years were:
2017 2016 2015 2014 2013
Fair value Fair value Fair value Fair value Fair value
Asset/(liability) analysis of the Scheme £m £m £m £m £m
Bonds
Corporate bonds 137 135 127 131 89
Index-linked gilts 142 141 124 128 88
Equities
UK equities 33 41 56 57 68
Overseas (excluding UK) equities 342 284 257 255 288
Property 97 91 86 77 65
Infrastructure 16 15 11 12 10
Cash and net current assets 29 23 13 20 26
Total market value of assets 796 730 674 680 634
Actuarial value of Scheme liabilities (957) (958) (768) (763) (666)
Deficit in the Scheme (161) (228) (94) (83) (32)
Irrecoverable surplus (effect of asset ceiling) – – – – –
Net defined benefit liability (161) (228) (94) (83) (32)
All of the Scheme’s assets are quoted in an active market. The Scheme is not currently invested in any of Lloyd’s own assets.
Approximately 96% of the Scheme’s liabilities relate to final salary members and 4% relates to CARE members.
Changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligations are:
2017 2016
£m £m
Actuarial value of Scheme liabilities at 1 January 958 768
Interest cost on Pension Scheme liabilities 24 29
Current service cost (net of employee contributions) 11 8
Employee contributions 2 2
Benefits paid (28) (25)
Experience gains arising in Scheme liabilities 2 (18)
Curtailments (20) –
Change in assumptions underlying the present value of the Scheme liabilities
Demographic assumption change (11) (8)
Financial assumption change 19 202
Actuarial value of Scheme liabilities at 31 December 957 958
150 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Changes in fair value of plan assets were:
2017 2016
£m £m
Fair value of Scheme assets at 1 January 730 674
Expected return on Pension Scheme assets 18 27
Employer contributions
Normal 6 5
Special 11 –
Employee contributions 2 2
Benefits paid (28) (25)
Actuarial gain on Scheme assets 58 48
Administrative expenses (1) (1)
Fair value of Scheme assets at 31 December 796 730
Lloyd’s expects to contribute approximately £3m in normal contributions to the pension scheme in 2018.
Analysis of the amount recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income
2017 2016
£m £m
Experience (reductions)/gains arising on Scheme liabilities (2) 19
Changes in the assumptions underlying the present value of the Scheme liabilities
Demographic assumption change 11 8
Financial assumption change (19) (202)
Actuarial loss arising during period (10) (175)
Return on Fund assets greater than discount rate 58 48
Change in irrecoverable surplus – –
Remeasurement effects recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income 48 (127)
Analysis of the amount charged to the Group income statement (recognised in other Group operating expenses)
2017 2016
£m £m
Current service cost 12 9
Net interest on net defined benefit liability 6 3
Curtailments (20) –
Total operating (credit)/charge (2) 12
Approximately 62% of the service cost for 2017 relates to final salary members and 38% relates to CARE members.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 151

Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
12. Pension schemes continued
Maturity profile of Defined Benefit Obligation
The Scheme is maturing over time, with 38% of the members in the Scheme being retired members and with an approximate duration
of the Scheme’s liabilities of around 20 years.
The expected benefit payments from the Scheme over the next few years are as follows:
£m
Expected benefit payments during year ending 31-Dec-18 25
Expected benefit payments during year ending 31-Dec-19 24
Expected benefit payments during year ending 31-Dec-20 25
Expected benefit payments during year ending 31-Dec-21 27
Expected benefit payments during year ending 31-Dec-22 27
Expected benefit payments during period 01-Jan-23 to 31-Dec-27 161
Expected benefit payments during period 01-Jan-28 to 31-Dec-32 186
Expected benefit payments from 01-Jan-33 onward 1,205
Overseas pension schemes
Lloyd’s operates a number of defined benefit schemes for qualifying employees based overseas. The actuarial valuations of these pension
schemes at 31 December 2017 resulted in a deficit of £3m (2016: £3m).
2017 2016
Development of net balance sheet position £m £m
Value of assets 3 3
Actuarial value of scheme liabilities (6) (6)
Deficit in the scheme (3) (3)
Net defined benefit liability (3) (3)
The total expense recognised in other Group operating expenses of £1m (2016: £1m) represents the related current service cost
of these schemes. No actuarial gain/loss has been recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income (2016: nil).
Defined contribution plans
Lloyd’s operates a number of defined contribution retirement benefit schemes for qualifying employees based overseas. The assets
of the schemes are held separately from those of Lloyd’s in funds under the control of the Trustees.
In some countries, employees are members of state-managed retirement benefit schemes. Lloyd’s is required to contribute a specified
percentage of payroll costs to fund these benefits. The only obligation of Lloyd’s with respect to the retirement benefit scheme is to make
the specified contributions.
The total expense recognised in the Group income statement of £2m (2016: £1m) represents contributions payable to these schemes
by Lloyd’s at pricing levels specified in the rules of these schemes.
152 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

13. Intangible assets
Software development
£m
Cost
At 1 January 2016 5
Additions –
Disposals –
At 31 December 2016 5
Additions –
Disposals –
At 31 December 2017 5
Amortisation
At 1 January 2016 (5)
Charge for the year –
Disposals –
At 31 December 2016 (5)
Charge for the year –
Disposals –
At 31 December 2017 (5)
Net book value at 31 December 2017 –
Net book value at 31 December 2016 –
Impairment losses
As part of an assessment of the carrying value of assets, none of the intangible assets were written off in 2017 and 2016.
14. Tangible assets
Plant and equipment
Computer and
Furniture specialised
and fittings equipment Total
£m £m £m
Cost
At 1 January 2016 29 22 51
Additions 6 3 9
Disposals (3) (1) (4)
At 31 December 2016 32 24 56
Additions 5 3 8
Disposals (2) (2) (4)
At 31 December 2017 35 25 60
Depreciation and impairment
At 1 January 2016 18 15 33
Depreciation charge for the year 5 3 8
Disposals (2) (1) (3)
At 31 December 2016 21 17 38
Depreciation charge for the year 3 3 6
Impairment losses – 2 2
Disposals (2) (2) (4)
At 31 December 2017 22 20 42
Net book value at 31 December 2017 13 5 18
Net book value at 31 December 2016 11 7 18
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 153

Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
14. Tangible assets continued
Impairment losses
Impairment reviews are undertaken annually of the recoverability of the carrying value of plant and equipment assets held. As part of this
review, £2m of plant and equipment was written off in 2017 (2016: nil).
Lloyd’s Collection
The Lloyd’s Collection represents various paintings, antiques and artefacts. The collection was valued at £13m in November 2015, on the
basis of open market auction value assuming all items are not sold at the same time taking into account the nature, age, condition and
quality of each chattel. This resulted in a revaluation gain of £1m in 2015.
In 2017, it was assessed that there was no change in valuation.
15. Loans recoverable
2017 2016
£m £m
At 1 January 43 44
Recoveries during the year (3) (4)
Fair value movements recognised during the year – 3
At 31 December 40 43
The Society’s loans recoverable are categorised as fair value Level 3 (refer to note 18). All fair value movements are recognised as finance
income or finance costs in the Group income statement and relate solely to the revaluation of hardship and Limited Financial Assistance
Agreements (LFAA) assets.
16. Financial investments
2017 2016
Note £m £m
Statutory insurance deposits 16(a) 486 497
Other investments 16(b) 2,807 2,863
Total financial investments 3,293 3,360
(a) Statutory insurance deposits
2017 2017 2017
Securities Deposits Total
£m £m £m
Market value at 1 January 14 483 497
Additions at cost 27 477 504
Disposal proceeds (28) (458) (486)
Deficit on the sale and revaluation of investments (1) (28) (29)
Market value at 31 December 12 474 486
154 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

2016 2016 2016
Securities Deposits Total
£m £m £m
Market value at 1 January 12 434 446
Additions at cost 27 499 526
Disposal proceeds (27) (527) (554)
Surplus on the sale and revaluation of investments 2 77 79
Market value at 31 December 14 483 497
2017 2017 2016 2016
Cost Valuation Cost Valuation
£m £m £m £m
Analysis of government securities at year end 12 12 12 14
2017 2016
Analysis of securities £m £m
AAA 106 85
AA 164 157
A 196 56
BBB 8 188
Other 12 11
Total securities 486 497
Finance is arranged by advances from syndicates in the Lloyd’s market. These advances are renewed annually. By agreement with the lenders,
investment returns earned on these assets are paid, in appropriate proportions, to the lenders. In this way, the Society avoids any risk arising
from a mismatch between borrowing and lending terms. Book cost is stated at historical exchange rates; market value is quoted at year end
exchange rates.
The provision of funds by members in respect of the establishment and maintenance of overseas deposits is a condition of permission to
underwrite insurance business at Lloyd’s.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 155

Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
16. Financial investments continued
(b) Other investments
2017 2017
Corporation Central 2017
of Lloyd’s Fund Total
£m £m £m
Market value at 1 January 175 2,688 2,863
Additions at cost – 1,197 1,197
(Decrease)/increase in short term deposits (16) 23 7
Disposal proceeds – (1,266) (1,266)
Surplus on the sale and revaluation of investments – 6 6
Market value at 31 December 159 2,648 2,807
Analysis of securities at year end
Listed securities
Fixed interest
Government – 808 808
Corporate securities – 733 733
Emerging markets – 287 287
High yield – 49 49
Total fixed interest – 1,877 1,877
Global equities – 392 392
Total listed securities – 2,269 2,269
Unlisted securities
Hedge funds – 151 151
Commodities – 48 48
Loan investments – 98 98
Short term deposits 159 62 221
Security deposits (see below) – 20 20
Total unlisted securities 159 379 538
Market value 159 2,648 2,807
2017 2017
Corporation Central 2017
of Lloyd’s Fund Total
£m £m £m
Analysis of securities
AAA 31 265 296
AA 27 810 837
A 95 313 408
BBB 6 314 320
Other – 946 946
Total securities 159 2,648 2,807
156 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

2016 2016
Corporation Central 2016
of Lloyd’s Fund Total
£m £m £m
Market value at 1 January 235 2,422 2,657
Additions at cost – 1,710 1,710
Decrease in short term deposits (60) (1) (61)
Disposal proceeds – (1,761) (1,761)
Surplus on the sale and revaluation of investments – 318 318
Market value at 31 December 175 2,688 2,863
Analysis of securities at year end
Listed securities
Fixed interest
Government – 747 747
Corporate securities – 864 864
Emerging markets – 89 89
High yield – 59 59
Total fixed interest – 1,759 1,759
Global equities – 551 551
Total listed securities – 2,310 2,310
Unlisted securities
Hedge funds – 166 166
Commodities – 49 49
Loan investments – 104 104
Short term deposits 175 39 214
Security deposits (see below) – 20 20
Total unlisted securities 175 378 553
Market value 175 2,688 2,863
2016 2016
Corporation Central 2016
of Lloyd’s Fund Total
£m £m £m
Analysis of securities
AAA 46 387 433
AA 36 723 759
A 86 417 503
BBB 7 224 231
Other – 937 937
Total securities 175 2,688 2,863
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 157

Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
16. Financial investments continued
(b) Other investments continued
Security deposits
Tutelle Limited
In 1996 the Council set aside £20m of the ‘Old’ Central Fund, under a Lloyd’s special account, to secure the Society’s obligations under staff
indemnities and certain indemnities that have been given by Lloyd’s to certain individuals and advisers in respect of the ‘Reconstruction and
Renewal’ plan. These include members of the Reserve Group, directors and officers of Equitas, members of the Council, Lloyd’s Regulatory
Board, Lloyd’s Market Board (the latter two boards ceased during 2002) and of their respective sub committees and Corporation staff.
Unless and until there is any default under the security documentation, interest earned on the trust fund is paid to the ‘Old’ Central Fund.
The security was deposited for an initial period of two years and the Council exercised its discretion to renew this in June 1998. The Council
further amended the period of the deposit in November 1998, so that the security could only be released if the Council was satisfied that
there was no reasonable prospect of a claim being made under these indemnities. Tutelle’s position is under biennial review and, having
been reviewed in July 2016, will be reviewed again in July 2018. The security may continue for a period of up to 80 years. Any of the funds
remaining after this period will be repaid to the ‘Old’ Central Fund.
17. Trade and other receivables due within one year
2017 2016
£m £m
Due within one year
Trade (net of allowance for impairment) 3 3
Insurance and reinsurance receivables 196 123
Members’ subscriptions and contributions receivable – 3
Interest receivable 16 17
Taxation and social security 4 2
Overseas office deposits 2 3
Amounts due from underwriters 5 7
Other receivables 39 47
Total trade and other receivables 265 205
18. Financial instruments
Explanations of the Society’s financial instrument risk management objectives, policies and strategies are set out in the discussion of the
Society’s financial risk management and treasury policies on pages 111 to 112 of the Financial Review.
Fair values and credit risk
The methods and assumptions used in estimating the fair value of financial instruments are detailed in note 2(f) on pages 126 to 127.
The fair value (based on the quoted offer prices) of subordinated debt is £925m (2016: £952m) against a carrying value measured at amortised
cost of £793m (2016: £883m). All other financial instruments are either held at fair value or at an amount that approximates fair value.
At the reporting date there were no significant concentrations of credit risk. The maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by the
carrying value of each financial asset, including derivative financial instruments, in the Group statement of financial position.
158 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Impairment losses
Trade receivables
The ageing of trade receivables as at 31 December 2017 and 2016 was as follows:
2017 2017 2017 2016 2016 2016
Gross Impairment Net Gross Impairment Net
£m £m £m £m £m £m
1-30 days 2 – 2 2 – 2
Past due 31-120 days 1 – 1 – – –
More than 120 days – – – 1 – 1
Total 3 – 3 3 – 3
The Society’s normal credit terms are 30 days. Receivables of more than 120 days represent amounts due from members no longer
underwriting in respect of Society charges.
There was no movement in the allowance for impairment in respect of trade receivables during the year.
Sensitivity analysis
Foreign currency exposure
Currency risk is the risk that the sterling value of the Society’s assets and liabilities will fluctuate due to changes in foreign exchange rates.
The Society’s exposure to the risk of changes in the foreign exchange rates relates primarily to retranslating foreign currency subordinated
notes, revaluation of loans recoverable and changes in the fair value of foreign currency denominated investments and forward contracts.
Further details on foreign currency risk can be found on page 112.
The majority of foreign exchange exposures arising from investments denominated in foreign currencies are managed via a foreign exchange
hedging programme. However, some net exposures to foreign currencies remain and the sterling value of the Society’s investments may be
impacted by movements in exchange rates relating to these exposures. At 31 December 2017, a 10% rise in the value of sterling, against all
other currencies, would have reduced the surplus before tax by £150m (2016: £133m). This analysis is presented net of foreign exchange
hedges, and assumes that all other variables remain constant. In practice, actual results may differ.
Debt securities sensitivities
The value of the Society’s investments in debt securities is affected by changes in the level of yields, as determined by the financial markets.
As at 31 December 2017, a consistent increase of 100 basis points in the yields applicable to all relevant securities would have reduced the
surplus before tax by approximately £35m (2016: £34m). Relevant securities include investment grade sovereign and corporate bonds,
floating rate notes and interest rate swaps. This analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular foreign currency exchange rates,
remain constant. In practice, actual results may differ. Further details on market risk can be found on page 112.
Equity price risk
Equity price risk is the risk that the market values of equity investments fall. At 31 December 2017, a 15% fall in the value of all the Society’s
equity investments would have reduced the surplus before tax by approximately £86m (2016: £84m). This analysis assumes that all other
variables, in particular foreign currency exchange rates, remain constant. In practice, actual results may differ. Further details on market risk
can be found on page 112.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 159

Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
18. Financial instruments continued
Liquidity risk
The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Society’s non-derivative financial liabilities as at 31 December 2017 based on
undiscounted contractual cash flows:
Carrying Contractual Within 1-2 2-5 More than
amount cash flows 1 year years years 5 years
As at 31 December 2017 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Subordinated loan notes 793 (1,112) (38) (38) (115) (921)
Loans funding statutory insurance deposits 483 (483) (483) – – –
Trade and other payables 481 (481) (481) – – –
Total 1,757 (2,076) (1,002) (38) (115) (921)
Carrying Contractual Within 1-2 2-5 More than
amount cash flows 1 year years years 5 years
As at 31 December 2016 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Subordinated loan notes 494 (690) (24) (24) (71) (571)
Perpetual subordinated capital securities 389 (421) (421) – – –
Loans funding statutory insurance deposits 494 (494) (494) – – –
Trade and other payables 378 (378) (378) – – –
Total 1,755 (1,983) (1,317) (24) (71) (571)
The contractual cash flows have been based on the expectation, but not the obligation, that the subordinated notes and perpetual
subordinated capital securities are redeemed at the first option date.
Forward currency contracts are settled gross; notional amounts are a close proxy for gross cash flow amounts. Further details regarding
the subordinated notes and the perpetual subordinated capital securities can be found in note 21 on page 164.
Derivative financial instruments
The Society enters into forward currency contracts to manage exposures to fluctuation of exchange rates and to provide a service to the
Lloyd’s market. The Society’s derivative financial instruments are categorised as fair value Level 2.
2017 2016
Analysis of forward currency contracts £m £m
Outstanding forward foreign exchange gains 16 16
Outstanding forward foreign exchange losses (10) (19)
The fair value and notional amounts of forward currency contracts, all of which mature within one year, are analysed as follows:
2017 Assets 2017 Liabilities
Fair value Notional Fair value Notional
As at 31 December 2017 £m £m £m £m
Currency conversion service 6 223 (6) (224)
Other forward foreign exchange contracts 8 545 (2) (538)
Interest rate swaps 2 179 (2) (179)
Total 16 947 (10) (941)
2016 Assets 2016 Liabilities
Fair value Notional Fair value Notional
As at 31 December 2016 £m £m £m £m
Currency conversion service 6 207 (7) (207)
Other forward foreign exchange contracts 8 441 (9) (442)
Interest rate swaps 2 187 (3) (187)
Total 16 835 (19) (836)
160 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Fair value hierarchy
To provide further information on the valuation techniques the Society uses to measure assets carried at fair value, the Society has
categorised the measurement basis for assets carried at fair value into a ‘fair value hierarchy’ described as follows, based on the lowest
level input that is significant to the valuation as a whole:
Level 1
Inputs to Level 1 fair values are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. An active market is one in which transactions for the
asset occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. Examples are listed debt securities
in active markets, listed equities in active markets, listed deposits held with credit institutions in active markets.
Level 2
Inputs to Level 2 fair values are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset, either directly (i.e.
as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices) and fair value is determined through the use of models or other valuation methodologies.
Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar (i.e. not identical) assets in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets in
markets that are not active or in which little information is released publicly, unlisted deposits held with credit institutions in active markets
or low volatility hedge funds where tradeable net asset values are published.
Level 3
Inputs to Level 3 fair values are inputs that are unobservable for the asset. Unobservable inputs have been used to measure fair value where
observable inputs are not available, allowing for situations where there is little or no market activity. Unobservable inputs reflect assumptions
that the Society considers that market participants would use in pricing the asset and have been based on a combination of independent
third party evidence and internally developed models.
2017 2017 2017 2017
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Notes £m £m £m £m
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Statutory insurance deposits
Listed securities – 4 – 4
Unlisted securities – 8 – 8
Deposits with credit institutions – 474 – 474
Total statutory insurance deposits 16(a) – 486 – 486
Other investments
Listed securities 808 885 – 1,693
Equity investments 392 184 – 576
Unlisted securities – 279 18 297
Deposits with credit institutions – 241 – 241
Total other investments 16(b) 1,200 1,589 18 2,807
Derivative financial instruments
Currency conversion service – 6 – 6
Other forward foreign exchange contracts – 8 – 8
Interest rate swaps – 2 – 2
Total derivative financial instruments 18 – 16 – 16
Loans recoverable 15 – – 40 40
Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 1,200 2,091 58 3,349
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Derivative financial instruments
Currency conversion service – (6) – (6)
Other forward foreign exchange contracts – (2) – (2)
Interest rate swaps – (2) – (2)
Total derivative financial instruments 18 – (10) – (10)
Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss – (10) – (10)
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 161

Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
18. Financial instruments continued
Fair value hierarchy continued
2016 2016 2016 2016
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Notes £m £m £m £m
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Statutory insurance deposits
Listed securities – 4 – 4
Unlisted securities – 10 – 10
Deposits with credit institutions – 483 – 483
Total statutory insurance deposits 16(a) – 497 – 497
Other investments
Listed securities 746 1,012 – 1,758
Equity investments 396 155 – 551
Unlisted securities – 301 18 319
Deposits with credit institutions – 235 – 235
Total other investments 16(b) 1,142 1,703 18 2,863
Derivative financial instruments
Currency conversion service – 6 – 6
Other forward foreign exchange contracts – 8 – 8
Interest rate swaps – 2 – 2
Total derivative financial instruments 18 – 16 – 16
Loans recoverable 15 – – 43 43
Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 1,142 2,216 61 3,419
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Derivative financial instruments
Currency conversion service – (7) – (7)
Other forward foreign exchange contracts – (9) – (9)
Interest rate swaps – (3) – (3)
Total derivative financial instruments 18 – (19) – (19)
Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss – (19) – (19)
This table has been re-presented from that shown in the 2016 Annual Report to show interest rate swaps of both £2m assets and £3m
liabilities as Level 2 that were previously shown as Level 1 and £235m of deposits with credit institutions as Level 2 that were previously
shown as Level 1.
The Society’s senior secured loans (reported within unlisted securities) and loans recoverable are categorised within Level 3 fair values.
Unlisted securities
Senior secured loans represent corporate lending to third parties that are held directly by the Society and managed by an external specialist
investment manager. Gains and losses arising from changes in fair value are included in the Group income statement in the period in which
they arise. The revaluation process is carried out on a monthly basis.
When specific loans are insufficiently traded, the investment manager will determine fair value based on various unobservable factors and
market inputs. This approach aligns with a Level 3 classification. Level 3 asset price estimation processes involve significant judgement
including the input choice. The investment manager will determine the most appropriate valuation method, which may comprise of, but is not
limited to: discounted cash flow models, option adjusted spread prices, trading values on comparable assets or indicative broker quote(s).
Fair values are determined using a pricing hierarchy structure for valuation purposes. The valuation principles employed are to provide
the most accurate valuations, while also working to provide independent valuations. The pricing process employs a hierarchy that utilises
numerous third party sources in a tiered system. The standard pricing hierarchy includes the following independent pricing vendors: FT
Interactive Data; Reuters; Barclays Indices; Citigroup Indices; Merrill Lynch Indices; SNP (Standard & Poor’s); MarkIt/LoanX – senior secured
loans; Broker/Dealer Pricing; Fair Value/Model Pricing and Spread Pricing.
162 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Loans recoverable
Recoverable Central Fund loans made to hardship members are managed on a fair value basis and relate solely to the revaluation of
hardship, LFAA and legal assets. Gains and losses arising from changes in the fair value are included in the Group income statement
in the period in which they arise. The revaluation process is carried out twice a year at both interim and year end.
Fair values are determined by reference to an estimate of the valuation of the underlying securities at the dates at which they may
be exercised and discounted back to present day values. In the calculation of the fair value, the securities include both properties that
have had a 2% increase applied and hardship trust fund assets with an annual increase of 1.3%. Both securities have had the percentage
increase applied until the date at which they may be exercised. The property market remained stable throughout 2017 and showed a
slight increase in property values since 2016. A discount rate of 2.4% has also been applied to achieve present day fair value. The securities
include both properties and hardship trust fund assets. A security can normally only be exercised on the later of the date of death of the
member or of their spouse. This date is assessed using actuarial assumptions.
The fair value movements during the year are recognised as finance income or finance costs in the Group income statement.
The table below sets out a reconciliation from the opening balances to the closing balances of Level 3 fair values:
2017 2016
£m £m
As at 1 January 61 58
Purchases 10 6
Sales (5) (6)
Transfers from Level 3 (7) (3)
Total net (loss)/gain recognised in the profit and loss (1) 6
As at 31 December 58 61
Sensitivity analysis
The majority of the Society’s investments are valued based on quoted market information or other observable market data.
The Society holds 1.7% (2016: 1.8%) of its financial investments at a fair value based on estimates and recorded as Level 3 investments.
Unlisted securities sensitivities
Where estimates are used to value unlisted securities, these are based on a combination of independent third party evidence and internally
developed models, calibrated to market observable data where possible. While such valuations are sensitive to estimates, it is believed that
changing one or more of the assumptions to reasonably possible alternative assumptions is unlikely to result in a significant change in fair
value.
Loans recoverable sensitivities
The value of loans recoverable is affected by changes in both property and hardship trust fund values. The property values are determined
by periodic valuations, together with applying Halifax price indices bi-annually to revalue the assets at interim and year end. Inflationary
increases are then applied to both property values and hardship trust funds until the estimated exercised date and then discounted back
to present day values. Inflationary increases are estimated taking current economic conditions into account.
As at 31 December 2017, a decrease of 100 basis points in the property values, comprising the greatest part of the total balance, would not
have an impact on the surplus before tax (2016: nil). This analysis assumes that all other variables, including inflationary increases and
discounted rates, remain the same.
19. Cash and cash equivalents
2017 2016
£m £m
Cash at banks 251 179
Short term deposits 246 212
Total cash and cash equivalents 497 391
Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short term deposits are made for varying periods of
between one day and three months, depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Society, and earn interest at the respective
short term deposit rates. The fair value of cash and cash equivalents is £497m (2016: £391m).
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 163

Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
20. Equity
Accumulated reserves
2017 2016
£m £m
Attributable to:
Corporation of Lloyd’s 94 (1)
Central Fund 2,043 1,952
Associates 18 7
Total accumulated reserves 2,155 1,958
Revaluation reserve
The revaluation reserve is used to record increases in the fair value of the Lloyd’s Collection and decreases to the extent that such
decreases relate to the amount previously recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income.
Translation reserve
The translation reserve is used to record foreign exchange gains and losses recognised in other comprehensive income as a result of
translating the results and financial position of Group entities that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency.
21. Subordinated notes and perpetual subordinated capital securities
2017 2016
£m £m
Details of loans payable wholly or partly after more than five years:
4.875% subordinated notes of £300m maturing 7 February 2047 (Sterling 2017 Notes) 300 –
4.750% subordinated notes of £500m maturing 30 October 2024 (Sterling 2014 Notes) 500 500
7.421% perpetual subordinated capital securities of £392m redeemed on 21 June 2017 – 392
800 892
Less issue costs to be charged in future years (4) (6)
Less discount on issue to be unwound in future years (3) (3)
Total 793 883
Subordinated notes
The notes are subordinated obligations of the Society. Each tranche of the notes will rank pari passu with the other in a winding-up of the
Society. Upon the occurrence of any winding-up proceedings of the Society, payments on the notes will be subordinated in right of payment
to the prior payment in full of all other liabilities of the Society, except for liabilities which rank equally with or junior to the notes. Payments
on the notes will also be subordinated to certain payments which may be made out of central assets including payments made to discharge
the liabilities of an insolvent member to any person (including any policyholders) arising out of, or in connection with, insurance business
carried on at Lloyd’s by that insolvent member and payments made in respect of the costs required by or under any insolvency procedure to
which the Society or the Lloyd’s market may be subject. However, in the event of a winding-up of the Society, the claims of the holders of the
Notes rank senior to the distribution of any central assets to members of Lloyd’s generally (other than payments made to members in their
capacity as senior creditors of the Society).
The Sterling 2014 Notes issued on 30 October 2014 mature on 30 October 2024 and bear interest at a rate of 4.75% per annum, payable
annually in arrears on 30 October in each year.
The Sterling 2017 Notes issued on 7 February 2017 mature on 7 February 2047 and bear interest at a rate of 4.875% per annum, payable
annually in arrears on 7 February in each year.
Subordinated debt issued in 2007
The perpetual subordinated capital securities (‘capital securities’) were perpetual securities and had no fixed redemption date. However,
they were redeemed in whole on 21 June 2017 at the option of the Society. The capital securities bore interest at a rate of 7.421% per annum
until 20 June 2017, payable annually in arrears on 21 June in each year.
164 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

22. Provisions
2017 2017 2017 2017
Undertakings given to Income Assistance Lease cost 2017 Other risks 2017
insolvent members Scheme provision Restructuring and charges Total
£m £m £m £m £m £m
Balance at 1 January – 2 11 – 1 14
Charged/(released) in the year – – 4 4 (1) 7
Utilised in the year – – (6) – – (6)
Balance at 31 December – 2 9 4 – 15
2016 2016 2016
Undertakings given to Income Assistance 2016 2016 Other risks 2016
insolvent members Scheme Lease cost provision Restructuring and charges Total
£m £m £m £m £m £m
Balance at 1 January 6 2 13 – 1 22
Charged in the year 8 – 2 – – 10
Utilised in the year (14) – (4) – – (18)
Balance at 31 December – 2 11 – 1 14
Undertakings given to insolvent members
The Council has given undertakings with financial limits to certain corporate members to use the New Central Fund to discharge the liability
of those members where they have unpaid cash calls and do not have the resources to meet those cash calls.
The purpose of these undertakings is primarily to allow valid claims made on policies underwritten by those insolvent members to continue
to be paid in full. For those corporate members in provisional liquidation, the Council has also provided a supporting commitment, which will
ensure that in no circumstance will an insurance creditor receive less than the amount it would have received in a winding-up commencing
on the date of the provisional liquidation.
2017 2017 2016 2016
Note £m £m £m £m
Provisions for amounts payable at 1 January – 6
Undertakings granted in the year 4 – 8
Analysis of paid undertakings by member
Ebury Underwriting Limited – (7)
Hermanus Underwriting Limited – (7)
Paid during the year – (14)
Undertakings given to insolvent members at 31 December – –
Income Assistance Scheme
The Income Assistance Scheme was effective from 1 January 2010 and replaced both the Hardship Income Top-up Scheme and the
Income and Housing Support Scheme. The Income Assistance Scheme is permanent and replaces the discretionary nature of the
previous schemes and guarantees ongoing payment of income assistance to eligible members of the previous schemes until the full
undertaking has been utilised, other than in the event that Lloyd’s faces severe financial stress.
Lease cost provision
The lease cost provision represents the Society’s obligations in respect of the contractual capital expenditure and dilapidation cost under
fully repairing leases.
Restructuring provision
The provision is mainly in respect of obligations to impacted employees arising from the implementation of the new Corporation Operating
Model (COM).
Sensitivities
Undertakings given to insolvent members
This provision is calculated with reference to the financial exposure that is expected to be borne by the Central Fund based upon forecast
member losses. It is therefore sensitive to both the likelihood of these losses occurring as well as the potential value of the losses.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 165

Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
22. Provisions continued
Sensitivities continued
Income Assistance Scheme
The provision covers expected future payments under the Income Assistance Scheme. The Names covered by the scheme receive
quarterly payments until (a) death (or a spouse’s death depending upon the individual arrangements agreed), (b) earlier settlement of the
debt by the Name or (c) default by the Name of their contractual obligations. The value of the provision is therefore sensitive to the factors
above as well as changes in inflation rates.
Lease cost provisions
The value of the lease cost provision is calculated with reference to the costs which are expected to be incurred during the remainder of the
lease term. A 10% increase in these costs will therefore increase the value of the provision by 10%. The value of the provision is not sensitive
to the timing of expenditure during the lease term.
Restructuring provision
The provision is calculated using assumptions regarding the average salary and length of service of potentially impacted employees, and is
therefore sensitive to changes in these assumptions.
23. Trade and other payables
2017 2016
£m £m
Due within one year
Trade and other creditors 122 130
Insurance and reinsurance payables 320 204
Members’ subscriptions and contributions repayable 16 19
Taxation and social security 4 3
Arbitration awards 2 2
Interest payable on subordinated loan notes 17 20
Total trade and other payables 481 378
24. Cash generated from operations
2017 2016
Notes £m £m
Surplus before tax 187 405
Net finance income 8 (7) (260)
Share of profits of associates 10 (10) (8)
Operating surplus 170 137
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred 4 – 8
Operating surplus before Central Fund claims and provisions 170 145
Adjustments for:
Depreciation of plant and equipment 14 6 8
Impairment losses 14 2 –
Losses on sale and revaluation of fixed assets – 2
Gains on investments – 3
Foreign exchange losses/(gains) on operating activities 3 (3)
Operating surplus before working capital changes and claims paid 181 155
Changes in pension obligations (17) 7
Increase in receivables (161) (240)
Increase in payables 215 286
Increase/(decrease) in provisions other than for Central Fund claims 1 (2)
Cash generated from operations before claims paid 219 206
Claims paid in respect of corporate/insolvent members 22 – (14)
Cash generated from operations 219 192
166 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

1 January Non-cash 31 December
2017 Cash flows changes 2017
£m £m £m £m
Subordinated notes 883 (94) 4 793
Loans funding statutory insurance deposits 494 18 (29) 483
Total 1,377 (76) (25) 1,276
25. Commitments
(a) Capital expenditure commitments
Capital expenditure commitments contracted but not provided for in the financial statements was nil (2016: £1m).
(b) Operating lease commitments – Lloyd’s as lessee
2017 2016
£m £m
Non-cancellable operating lease rentals are payable as follows:
Within one year 32 34
After one year but not more than five years 105 99
More than five years 166 186
Commitments outstanding under the terms of the lease for the Lloyd’s 1986 building have been included at the current rental value (£17m
per annum) to the end of the lease term in February 2031. The lease is subject to a rent review every fifth year, the 2016 review is not settled.
During the year ended 31 December 2015, the Society entered into a new lease agreement for Lloyd’s Limited in Dubai. The lease expires
in January 2021 following an option to extend the lease. An option to extend for both the Lloyd’s lease and sub-leases for three years was
agreed in 2017.
Subsidiary undertakings are party to a number of small operating leases mainly for property rental and small machinery. The commitments
outstanding have been included at current rental value to the first break in the lease. These arrangements do not impose any significant
restrictions on the Society.
During the year ended 31 December 2017, £29m (2016: £28m) was recognised as an expense in the Group income statement in respect
of operating leases.
(c) Operating lease commitments – Lloyd’s as lessor
2017 2016
£m £m
Non-cancellable operating lease rentals are receivable as follows:
Within one year 8 8
After one year but not more than five years 11 20
More than five years – –
The two major tenants for the Lloyd’s 1986 building are included at the current rental value to the first break in the leases in 2020 and 2021.
Subsidiary undertakings are party to a number of small operating leases for property sub-rental. The lease rentals receivable have been
included at current rental value to the first break in the lease.
The option to extend the Dubai lease has resulted in sub-lease agreements entered into between Lloyd’s Limited and various managing
agents also being extended to January 2021.
During the year ended 31 December 2017, £15m (2016: £14m) was recognised as income in the Group income statement in respect
of operating leases.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 167

Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
26. Disclosure of related party transactions
The Group financial statements include the financial statements of the Society and all of its subsidiary undertakings, the Lloyd’s Central
Fund and the Group’s interests in its associates and joint ventures as listed in note 10.
Services provided to Ins-sure Holdings Limited Group in the year ended 31 December 2017 included operating systems support and
development, premises and other administrative services.
Services provided to Xchanging Claims Services Limited Group in the year ended 31 December 2017 included premises and other
administrative services.
Structured Data Capture Limited, a company in which the Society holds a 33% interest, was incorporated on 14 June 2017 with a share
capital of £3. The company has been set up as part of the Target Operating Model project in order to improve the efficiency of Market
Reform Contract processing and to implement standardisation of data capture across the market.
Services provided to The Message Exchange Limited in the year ended 31 December 2017 included the provision of messaging infrastructure.
The following table provides the total amount of transactions that have been entered into with related parties for the relevant financial years
together with information regarding the outstanding balances at 31 December 2017 and 2016.
Sales to Purchases from Amounts owed by Amounts owed to
related parties related parties related parties related parties
2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016 2017 2016
£m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
Associates:
Ins-sure Holdings Limited – – 2 5 – – – 1
Xchanging Claims Services Limited – – – – – – – –
Joint Ventures:
Structured Data Capture Limited – – – – – – – –
The Message Exchange Limited – – 1 – – – – –
Transactions with associates and joint arrangements are priced on an arm’s length basis.
The Chairman of Lloyd’s, Bruce Carnegie-Brown, is also Vice Chairman of Banco Santander, as noted in the Chairman’s biography on page
86. Lloyd’s Iberia Representative Limited S.L.U., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Society as listed in note 9 on page 140, changed its main
operating bank account from La Caixa Bank Spain to Banco Santander in June 2017. Any transactions with Banco Santander are on an
arm’s length basis.
In the normal course of business, the Society may enter into transactions with Lloyd’s market businesses in which members of Council and
the Board may have an interest.
Details of the compensation paid to key management personnel including short-term employee benefits, post-employment benefits, other
long-term benefits and termination benefits are disclosed within the Report of the Remuneration Committee on pages 93 to 103.
168 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Five Year Summary
(For the year ended 31 December 2017)
2017 2016 2015 2014 2013
£m £m £m £m £m
Corporation operating income 351 332 239 220 218
Central Fund income 125 120 111 115 108
Gross written premiums 253 238 104 53 39
Outward reinsurance premiums (253) (238) (104) (53) (39)
Total income 476 452 350 335 326
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred – (8) – (1) (18)
Central Fund repayment to members – – – (49) –
Gross insurance claims and insurance expenses incurred (212) (200) (69) (13) (20)
Insurance claims and expenses recoverable from reinsurers 212 200 69 14 20
Other Group operating expenses
Employment (including pension costs) (138) (147) (126) (108) (103)
Premises (52) (50) (40) (42) (46)
Legal and professional (37) (34) (27) (21) (17)
Systems and communications (33) (36) (26) (24) (23)
Other (46) (40) (40) (32) (30)
Total other Group operating expenses (306) (307) (259) (227) (219)
Surplus before finance, associates and tax 170 137 91 59 89
Finance costs
Deficit on subordinated debt repurchase – – – (9) (15)
Interest payable on financial liabilities and other (55) (54) (54) (49) (56)
Finance income 62 314 43 93 60
Realised/unrealised exchange gains/(losses) on borrowings – – – 7 (6)
Share of profits of associates 10 8 7 8 7
Surplus before tax 187 405 87 109 79
Tax charge (31) (75) (13) (18) (14)
Surplus for the year 156 330 74 91 65
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 169

Other Information
5
Financial Highlights
172 The Lloyd’s Market
174 Alternative Performance Measures
175 Glossary of Terms and Useful Links
170 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Other Information
Lloyd’s is the world’s specialist insurance and
reinsurance market. Led by expert brokers
and underwriters operating in more than 200
territories, the Lloyd’s market develops and
distributes complex and critical insurance to
help underwrite human progress.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 171

Other Information
The Lloyd’s Market
The business written at Lloyd's is brought to specialist syndicates,
who price and underwrite risk, via brokers and coverholders. As at
31 December 2017, the Lloyd’s market consisted of 95 syndicates
managed by 56 managing agents.
Beaufort Underwriting Agency Limited
Beaufort Underwriting Agency Limited
Everest Re Group, Ltd.
172 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 173

Other Information
Alternative Performance Measures
(APMs)
The following metrics, which are consistently used to analyse financial performance in the Lloyd's Market Results and/or in the Society
Report, are considered to be Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) as defined in the European Securities and Markets Authority
Guidelines (ESMA Guidelines) on Alternative Performance Measures.
Metric Applicable part Definition Reason for use
of the Annual
Report
Combined Market results Combined ratio is a measure of the profitability Combined ratio is used to measure the
ratio of an insurer’s underwriting activity. It is the ratio profitability of the underwriting activity
of net operating expenses plus claims incurred across the Lloyd’s market. It also serves
net of reinsurance to earned premiums net as a comparator of Lloyd’s market
of reinsurance. underwriting profitability to its peers.
Underwriting Market results Underwriting result is a measure of the Underwriting result is used to measure
result profitability of an insurer’s underwriting activity. the profitability of the underwriting
It is earned premiums net of reinsurance less activity across the Lloyd’s market.
net operating expenses and claims incurred
net of reinsurance.
Accident Market results Accident year ratio is a measure of the Accident year ratio is used to measure
year ratio profitability of the underwriting activity the profitability of the underwriting
attributable to the current financial year. It is the activity of the Lloyd’s market attributable
ratio of net operating expenses plus claims to the current financial year.
incurred net of reinsurance and prior year
releases to earned premium net of reinsurance.
Return Market results Return on capital is a measure of overall Return on capital ratio is used to
on capital profitability. It is the ratio of result for the year measure the overall profitability and
before tax to the average of opening and value creating potential of the
closing total capital and reserves. Lloyd’s market.
Investment Market results and Investment return is a measure of performance Investment return ratio is used to
return Society Report of an insurer’s investing activity. It is the ratio of measure the performance of the
total investment return to the average of portfolio of investments and cash
opening and closing financial investments balances held across the
and cash at bank and in hand. Lloyd’s market.
Budgeted Society Report Operating expenses are budgeted on an annual The annual budget is a key part of the
operating basis as part of a Corporation-wide exercise. financial control process within the
expenses These are calculated on an IFRS basis using a Corporation and provides an estimate
bottom up approach, consolidating figures of expected future cost levels.
across the different countries and departments
within the Corporation.
Free cash Society Report Free cash represents the amounts, both at bank Provides a measure of the cash
balances and on deposit, held in the UK and overseas, resources available to the Corporation
excluding any balances held in respect of to meet operating expenses.
insurance and arbitration activities.
Operating Society Report The operating surplus is calculated as income The operating surplus provides an
surplus from members (including subscriptions, Central indication of how the Society’s income
Fund contributions and the overseas levy), less covers its cost base. This also provides
any operating expenses. It excludes investment a comparison of whether Central Fund
returns and related costs. contributions cover the cost of claims
arising on the fund.
174 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Glossary of Terms and Useful Links
Set out below is a guide to insurance and Lloyd’s-related terms. Council The Council, created by Lloyd’s Act 1982, the Council has
These are not precise definitions but are included to provide the management and superintendence of the affairs of the Society
assistance to readers as to the general meaning of terms commonly and the power to regulate and direct the business of insurance
used in the Lloyd’s market. Formal definitions are set out in the at Lloyd’s.
Definitions Byelaw.
Coverholder A firm either in the UK or overseas that is authorised
Accident year ratio A measure of the profitability of the by a managing agent under the terms of a binding authority to enter
underwriting activity attributable to the current financial year. The into contracts of insurance to be underwritten by members of
accident year ratio is calculated as net operating expenses and net a syndicate managed by the managing agent. A Lloyd’s broker
incurred losses (paid and reserves) for claims occurring in the year may act as a coverholder.
as a proportion of net premiums earned during the year. It excludes
movements during the calendar year on claims, expenses and Economic Capital Assessment The level of capital required to
premium estimates for previous years. meet Lloyd’s financial strength, license and rating objectives.
Active underwriter A person employed by a managing agent with Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) The FCA supervises the
principal authority to accept insurance and reinsurance risks on conduct of the UK financial services industry. Lloyd’s, managing
behalf of the members of a syndicate. agents, members’ agents and Lloyd’s brokers are regulated by
the FCA.
Binding authority An agreement between a Lloyd’s managing agent
and a coverholder under which the Lloyd’s managing agent Board The Board established by the Council with responsibility for
delegates its authority to enter into a contract or contracts of creating and maintaining a commercial environment at Lloyd’s in
insurance to be underwritten by the members of a syndicate. which the long-term return to all capital providers is maximised.
This includes setting the Risk Management Framework and
Budgeted operating expenses Operating expenses are budgeted profitability targets for the market.
on an annual basis as part of a Corporation-wide exercise. These
are calculated on an IFRS basis using a bottom up approach, Free cash balances Free cash represents the amounts, both at
consolidating figures across the different countries and bank and on deposit, held in the UK and overseas, excluding any
departments within the Corporation. balances held in respect of insurance and arbitration activities.
Callable layer Central Fund assets may be supplemented by Funds at Lloyd’s (FAL) Capital lodged and held in trust at Lloyd’s
a ‘callable layer’ of up to 3% of members’ overall premium limits as security for the policyholders and to support a member’s overall
in any one calendar year. These funds would be drawn from underwriting business.
premium trust funds.
Integrated Lloyd’s Vehicle (ILV) An arrangement in which a
Central assets The net assets of the Society including the syndicate’s capital is wholly provided by corporate members
Central Fund, but excluding the subordinated debt liability that are under the same ownership and control as the syndicate’s
and the callable layer. managing agent.
Central Fund The fund financed by (among other things) Investment return Investment return is a measure of performance
contributions from Lloyd’s members and administered by the of an insurer’s investing activity. It is the ratio of total investment
Council primarily as a fund for the protection of policyholders, and return to the average financial investments and cash at bank
includes both the ‘Old’ Central Fund and the New Central Fund. and in hand.
Central SCR The Lloyd’s Central Solvency Capital Ratio is Managing agent An underwriting agent responsible for managing
calculated to cover all of the risks facing the Society and the a syndicate, or multiple syndicates.
Central Fund at a 99.5% confidence level over a one year
time horizon. Market wide SCR The Market Wide Solvency Capital Ratio is
calculated to cover all of the risks arising on the syndicate activity,
Combined ratio A measure of an insurer’s underwriting members’ capital provided at Lloyd’s and the Society taken together
profitability based on the ratio of net incurred claims plus net at a 99.5% confidence level over a one year time horizon.
operating expenses to net earned premiums. A combined ratio of
100% is break even (before taking into account investment returns). Member (of the Society) A person admitted to the membership
A ratio less than 100% is an underwriting profit. of the Society.
Corporate member A company incorporated with limited liability, Name A member of the Society who is an individual and who
a Scottish limited partnership or a limited liability partnership, trades on an unlimited basis.
admitted to membership of the Society.
New Central Fund The New Central Fund constituted by and
Corporation The Corporation of Lloyd’s provides the licences governed by the New Central Fund Byelaw (No. 23 of 1996).
and other facilities that enable business to be underwritten on a
worldwide basis by managing agents acting on behalf of members.
Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017 175

Other Information
Glossary of Terms and Useful Links
Non-technical account Under UK GAAP the profit and loss Special Purpose Arrangement (SPA) A syndicate set up solely
account must be divided between the technical account and to underwrite a quota share reinsurance of another syndicate’s
the non-technical account. Reported in the latter is all investment business for a year of account.
return, although an element will be reanalysed to the technical
account, and any income and expenses that do not arise directly Spread syndicate A syndicate whose capital is provided by a
from the entity’s underwriting activity. number of different members, including those that have separate
ownership and control, to the syndicate’s managing agent.
Operating surplus The operating surplus is calculated as income
from members (including subscriptions, central fund contributions Spread vehicle A corporate member underwriting on a number
and the overseas levy), less any operating expenses. It excludes of different syndicates.
investment returns and related costs.
Syndicate A member, or group of members, underwriting insurance
Premiums trust funds (PTF) The premiums and other monies that business at Lloyd’s through the agency of a managing agent.
members receive in respect of their underwriting at Lloyd’s are held
by their managing agents in trust for them subject to the discharge Syndicate allocated capacity In relation to a syndicate the
of their underwriting liabilities. aggregate of the member’s syndicated premium limits of
all the members for the time being of the syndicate.
The premiums trust funds comprise a sterling fund, Lloyd’s
American Trust Fund, Lloyd’s Dollar Trust Funds, Lloyd’s Canadian Technical account Under UK GAAP the profit and loss
Trust Fund and the Lloyd’s Asia trust funds (which cover general account must be divided between the technical account and the
business written through coverholders in Singapore). These non-technical account. The technical account reports the results
premiums trust funds are available to fund overseas regulatory of the underwriting activity, premiums less claims, less expenses
deposits, claims, return premiums, underwriting expenses and and also includes an element of the investment return reanalysed
any profit that is payable to the member after providing for all from the non-technical account.
future liabilities.
Traditional syndicate A syndicate whose members underwrite
Prior years’ reserve movements This is calculated as movements insurance business at Lloyd’s for the current year of account
in reserves established for claims that occurred in previous and which is neither an SPA syndicate nor an RITC syndicate.
accident years.
Underwriting result Underwriting result is a measure of the
Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) The PRA is responsible profitability of an insurer’s underwriting activity. It is earned
for the prudential regulation and supervision of banks, building premiums net of reinsurance less net operating expenses
societies, credit unions, insurers and major investment firms. and claims incurred net of reinsurance.
Lloyd’s and managing agents are regulated by the PRA.
Year of account The year to which a risk is allocated and to which
Realistic Disaster Scenarios (RDS) A series of scenarios, both all premiums and claims in respect of that risk are attributed. The
natural and man-made, which are used to assess the market’s risk year of account of a risk is usually determined by the calendar year
profile to a variety of different catastrophes to enable better risk in which the risk incepts. A year of account is normally closed by
management practices within Lloyd’s. reinsurance to close at the end of 36 months.
Reinsurance to close (RITC) A reinsurance agreement under
which members of a syndicate for a year of account to be closed
are reinsured by members who comprise that or another syndicate
for a later year of account against all liabilities arising out of
insurance business written by the reinsured syndicate.
Useful Links
Reinsurance to close (RITC) syndicate A syndicate set up solely To find out more information on Lloyd’s, visit:
to underwrite the Reinsurance to Close of other syndicates.
— What is Lloyd’s lloyds.com/whatislloyds
Return on capital Return on capital is a measure of overall
— Lloyd’s market structure lloyds.com/thelloydsmarket
profitability. It is the ratio of result for the year before tax to
the average of opening and closing total capital and reserves. — Lloyd’s Corporation lloyds.com/corporation
— Lloyd’s capital structure lloyds.com/capitalstructure
Service company A wholly owned subsidiary of either a managing and chain of security
agent or of a managing agent’s holding company and which is
— Lloyd’s market governance lloyds.com/governance
authorised to enter into contracts of insurance for members of
— Full glossary of terms lloyds.com/glossary
its associated syndicate and/or associated insurance companies.
Solvency ratio The measure of an insurer’s solvency based on
the ratio by which the net assets for solvency purposes exceed
the solvency requirement.
176 Lloyd’s Annual Report | 2017

Designed and produced by MerchantCantos
www.merchantcantos.com
Printed by Park Communications on FSC® certified paper.
Park is an EMAS certified company and its Environmental
Management System is certified to ISO 14001.
100% of the inks used are vegetable oil based, 95%
of press chemicals are recycled for further use and,
on average 99% of any waste associated with this
production will be recycled.
This document is printed on Symbol Freelife Matt Plus,
a paper containing 100% virgin fibre sourced from
well-managed, responsible, FSC® certified forests.

lloyds.com/annualreport2017
Lloyd’s
Annual
Report
2017