# Source: https://assets.lloyds.com/media/b08e3c05-3e5e-4e79-89e7-fe30ca6eaf6c/Lloyds%20AR%202016%20(1).pdf
# Extracted: 2025-12-09T20:22:29.916947
# PDF: market_commentary_data\pdfs\lloyds_official\lloyds_annual_report_2016.pdf
# Length: 566654 characters
#======================================================================

Annual Report 2016

0.0
2016 At a Glance
Lloyd’s class of business breakdown by region
US and Other United Rest of Central Rest Total
Canada Americas Kingdom Europe Asia & of the for all
Asia World Regions
Pacific
Reinsurance 22% 70% 28% 29% 46% 62% 31%
Property 35% 8% 26% 20% 14% 11% 27%
Casualty 26% 10% 25% 22% 28% 10% 24%
Marine 7% 7% 6% 18% 7% 6% 8%
Energy 5% 2% 2% 4% 2% 2% 4%
Motor 3% 1% 11% 3% 1% 5% 4%
Aviation 2% 2% 2% 4% 2% 4% 2%
Total GWP 50% 7% 15% 14% 10% 4% 100%
Lloyd’s capital providers by source and location
19.1% US insurance industry
14.0% Bermudian insurance industry
14.0% UK insurance industry
13.3% Japan insurance industry
12.0% European insurance industry
10.3% Private capital – limited & unlimited
9.4% RoW insurance industry
4.4% Worldwide non-insurance
3.5% Middle/Far East insurance industry
* The combined ratio for the market and by class of business is the ratio of net incurred claims and net operating expenses to net earned premiums. The prior year reserve
movement represents the ratio of the surplus/deficit arising on reserves set at December 2015 to overall net earned premiums in calendar year 2016. The overall combined
ratio includes central adjustments in the technical account in respect of transactions between syndicates and the Society as described in notes 2 and 8 to the PFFS
(pages 55 and 72). The combined ratios and results for individual classes of business do not include these adjustments as the market commentary for each class reflects
trading conditions at syndicate level as reported in syndicate annual accounts. The underwriting results and combined ratio tables include the results of all life and non-life
syndicates transacting business during 2016. The results and net assets for life syndicates are not material and have not been separately disclosed in the profit and loss
account and balance sheet. The results for life business have been reported in the segmental analysis, note 9 on page 73.
The combined ratio, the return on capital, the investment return, the underwriting result and the accident year ratio are considered to be metrics which are consistently
used to analyse financial performance in the Lloyd’s Market Results and/or in the Society Report. These metrics (wherever used in this Annual Report) are considered to be
Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) with further information available on pages 196 to 197.

Profit before tax
£2,107m
(2015: £2,122m)
Gross written premium
£29,862m
(2015: £26,690m)
Combined ratio*
97.9%
(2015: 90.0%)
Investment return*
£1,345m
(2015: £402m)
Pre-tax return on capital *
8.1%
(2015: 9.1%)
Underwriting result by class* Combined ratio by class*
£m %
Reinsurance 548 Reinsurance 92.3
Property (202) Property 103.4
Casualty (146) Casualty 102.7
Marine (129) Marine 106.2
Energy 59 Energy 92.6
Motor (103) Motor 111.5
Aviation 71 Aviation 84.7
Life (8) Life 110.4
01

1.0
Contents
1.0
1.1 C hairman’s Statement [04]
1.2 Chief Executive’s Statement [06]
Introduction
2.0
2.1 Road to Vision 2025 [08]
2.2 V ision 2025 [10]
2.3 External Environment and Risk [12]
Strategic
2.4 Lloyd’s Key Risks [14]
2.5 Market Oversight [16]
2.6 Global Market Access [18]
Report
2.7 Ease of Doing Business [20]
2.8 Capital [22]
2.9 Innovation [24]
2.10 Talent [26]
2.11 Brand [28]
2.12 Global Corporate Social Responsibility [30]
2.13 Delivering the Strategy [32]
3.0
3.1 2016 Highlights [34]
3.2 Statement of Council’s Responsibilities and
Report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to
Market
the Council of Lloyd’s on the 2016 Pro Forma
Financial Statements [50]
3.3 Pro Forma Profit & Loss Account [52]
Results
3.3 Pro Forma Statement of Comprehensive
Income [52]
3.4 Pro Forma Balance Sheet [53]
3.5 Pro Forma Statement of Cash Flows [54]
3.6 Notes to the Pro Forma Financial
Statements [55]
02

4.0 4.1 Financial Highlights [80]
4.2 Corporate Governance [81]
4.3 Internal Control Statement [97]
Society
4.4 Report of the Remuneration Committee [99]
4.5 Report of the Audit Committee [117]
4.6 Report of the Lloyd’s Members’
Report
Ombudsman [119]
4.7 Financial Review [120]
4.8 Statement of the Council of Lloyd’s
Responsibilities for the Financial
Statements [126]
4.9 Independent Auditor’s Report to the
Members of the Society of Lloyd’s [127]
4.10 Group Income Statement [132]
4.11 Group Statement of Comprehensive
Income [133]
4.12 Group Statement of Financial Position [134]
4.13 G roup Statement of Changes in Equity [135]
4.14 Group Statement of Cash Flows [136]
4.15 Notes to the Financial Statements [137]
4.16 Five Year Summary [181]
5.0 5.1 What is Lloyd’s? [182]
5.1 Lloyd’s Market Structure [182]
5.2 L loyd’s Business Model [184]
How Lloyd’s
5.3 The Lloyd’s Market [188]
5.4 Lloyd’s Value Creation [190]
5.5 Lloyd’s Market Governance [192]
Works
5.6 Managing Agents and Syndicates [193]
5.7 Alternative Performance Measures [196]
5.8 Glossary [198]
03

1.1
Chairman’s Statement
Against this background the profit for the Lloyd’s
market in 2016 came in unchanged at £2.1bn
(2015 £2.1bn). However, the make-up of these profits
was very different from last year. Underwriting was
significantly lower, £468m (2015 £2.0bn). The combined
ratio increased to 97.9% (2015 90.0%). On an accident
year basis the market showed an underwriting loss.
In addition, syndicates writing motor reinsurance
and direct motor and UK liability business have been
impacted by the recent announcement to change
the discount rate to negative 0.75% (the Ogden tables)
applying to lump sum liability claims.
Results benefited from foreign exchange gains,
principally caused by sterling depreciation and
significantly improved investment income, driven
by a downward yield shift in the bond markets.
This meant that gross written premiums rose
by 12% to £29.9bn and net investment income
rose to £1.3bn (2015 £0.4bn).
Our capital has further increased with our total
resources available to pay claims increasing to
£28.6bn (2015 £25.1bn). Our ratings remain at A+
(strong) with Standard and Poor’s, AA- (very strong)
There can be no argument that 2016 has been a with Fitch Ratings, and A (excellent) with A.M. Best.
remarkable year, fundamentally altering many of the
certainties that shaped the way we are governed, The make-up of these results demonstrates clearly
the way we trade and do our business. the extremely challenging underwriting conditions.
Some say that the market cannot go any lower and
The challenge for Lloyd’s is, as ever, to respond to change must come soon, but until it does, we must
change calmly, but with determination – applying the continue the unrelenting focus on underwriting
knowledge and expertise acquired over 329 years discipline that drove us through 2016 and into 2017.
to the environment we find ourselves in today, and
providing our customers with what they need to The market must also continue to work on reducing
help them navigate their way through it. the cost of conducting business and the impact it has
on underwriting margins. The Corporation must ensure
The conditions in the market have made answering that we are doing everything we can to make the
that challenge difficult. Some veterans have said to Lloyd’s platform the most attractive and efficient
me they have never seen conditions as consistently platform on which to conduct business.
tough as they have been over the last few years.
The reasons are well known, but that doesn’t lessen The decision of the UK to leave the European Union has
their impact. Additional capital continues to come obvious implications for the market and our business
into our market, driven by low interest rates and with Europe. Finding the right solution has been a top
investment returns, alongside a relatively benign priority over the last nine months. I am pleased to report
claims environment, combining to put relentless that we have recently announced our intention to
pressure on premiums. establish a subsidiary in Brussels during 2017.
04

This will provide the market with the access to This is my last Annual Report to you as Chairman
Europe it needs, whilst importantly, ensuring that of Lloyd’s. Since my arrival in 2011, it has been a
Europe can continue to access the London market. fascinating and challenging time.
This exercise has demonstrated the great While there is work still to be done, the Lloyd’s market
professionalism of the Corporation and is being is now in a strong position to develop, despite the
executed quickly and decisively. substantial challenges currently being faced. Following
the launch of our long term strategy Vision 2025 five
As regards our other major markets, I am delighted years ago, our global reputation and brand has
to report excellent progress. As the US economy significantly strengthened; we have substantially
has continued to grow so has the Lloyd’s market, improved our global market access; our modernisation
particularly with its leading position in excess and programme has real momentum; our increased financial
surplus lines. We must be watchful, though, on the strength and overall financial performance is a tribute
future policy direction of the new US administration. to the underwriting skills in the Lloyd’s market. All of this
In China, which is at a completely different stage of puts Lloyd’s in a strong position both to take advantage
development, we continue to make excellent progress of the long-term opportunities available to us globally
with a growing business and now over half our in the specialist insurance market, and to face the many
managing agents are present on our platforms challenges we have.
in Shanghai and Beijing.
However, the rate of change, driven by technology and
In India, the other major growth economy of the world, an increased recognition that the business models in
the culmination of many years of hard work, has now the insurance sector need to change, means that we
resulted in Lloyd’s being able to establish an on-shore must remain committed to the modernisation of the
reinsurance presence in India. The Indian regulator gave market. This means embracing new technological
its final approval to operate out of Mumbai and our office developments, coupled with an absolute determination
is currently being opened. This means that the Lloyd’s to make the Lloyd’s platform more user-friendly, more
market will now have a physical presence in every efficient, and more cost-effective. This will require brave
significant established, and fast developing, economy. thinking and brave decisions over the next few years.
I want to thank the retiring Council and Franchise In this context, I am delighted that the Council have
Board members who have served Lloyd’s so well appointed Bruce Carnegie-Brown as my successor. I am
over many years. confident that Bruce has all the skills and qualities needed
to take Lloyd’s forward over the next few years. I know you
Paul Jardine retired as Deputy Chairman of the Council will join me in giving him the warmest of welcomes.
after nine years. Henrique Meirelles stepped down from
the Council following his appointment as Minister of The Corporation of Lloyd’s is fortunate to have such a
Finance in Brazil. Michael Deeny and Lawrence Holder committed and professional management team, led by
also retired from the Council. On the Franchise Board, our Chief Executive, Inga Beale. They are demonstrating
Nick Furlonge and Claire Ighodaro both completed nine great professionalism and energy in confronting the
years. To all of them I want to say a sincere thanks for challenges we have.
their commitment, advice and wise counsel.
Finally, I want to thank the Lloyd’s market – the insureds,
Joining us on the Council during the last year have the managing agents, the coverholders, the brokers and
been Jeffrey Barratt, Andy Brooks, and Dominick Hoare. our other stakeholders – for the support they have given
Richard Keers and Richard Pryce have joined the me during my tenure. It has been a privilege to serve the
Franchise Board. Richard Keers has succeeded Lloyd’s market. I wish Lloyd’s well.
Claire Ighodaro in chairing our Audit Committee.
John Nelson Chairman
05

1.2
Chief Executive’s Statement
That being the case, it is imperative that the Corporation
does everything it can to support the market by
delivering tangible benefits and demonstrating real
value for money.
For 2017 we reduced the cost of subscriptions to the
market by 10% and alongside this are making changes
to how the Corporation is structured and interacts with
the market. This new operating model enables us to
focus on the role market participants expect from us;
to protect, promote and provide the services they need.
We expect this to deliver further cost reductions to the
market in the future.
With important decisions to be made on how we will
operate within the EU following Brexit, opening up
Lloyd’s in India, and responding to global geopolitical
developments alongside the usual day-to-day activity,
I am keenly aware that what the market needs is
simplicity in how it works with us.
Whilst it would be churlish not to welcome another year
where profits exceed £2bn, we cannot ignore the fact
they are built on another year of positive development
of prior underwriting years and stronger investment
The pre-tax profits of £2.1bn are to be welcomed returns. The current situation where (re)insurance
after a year that threw a variety of challenges demand continues to be dwarfed by overall capacity,
at the insurance sector. and continues to fuel a highly competitive environment,
is not sustainable and we must ensure pricing and
For the first time since 2012, the level of Lloyd’s major reserving is adequate for future years.
claims was above the long-term average. With major
claims of £2.1bn due primarily to Hurricane Matthew Our collective focus must be on providing customers
which struck the Caribbean, the south-eastern United with the products they want, embracing innovation and
States and eastern Canada, and the Fort McMurray modernisation. The market has shown how well it reacts
Wildfire in Canada, this is the fifth highest since the to the demands of its customers in a rapidly changing
turn of the century. risk environment with the considerable increase in
cyber coverage a case in point.
As has been well documented, challenging market
conditions continued to prevail throughout 2016, and The market has made considerable progress in
although there are suggestions that pricing reductions adopting the modernisation agenda. 2016 saw an
may be beginning to slow, premiums remain under important shift in the perception around the Target
a continued downward pressure. Operating Model, and I believe that the question
around modernising how we do our business has
moved to “what next” rather than “why should we”.
In terms of supporting London’s position at the heart
of specialist insurance and reinsurance, we must
build on this momentum.
06

Of course, across the sector, there can be a tendency,
when talking about new opportunities to think only of
the faster developing economies in Asia and the Middle
East. Whilst they will play a vital role for Lloyd’s in the
future, and I believe we are well positioned to take
advantage of their growth, we must continue to look
at what more we can do in the mature markets of the
United States, Canada and Australia amongst others.
In the United States we continue to see growth as we
expand our offerings in specialist coverage including
cyber and excess and surplus lines, where we are the
leading provider. It demonstrates the strength of the
Lloyd’s brand, with a history of continuously innovating
to meet the needs of businesses and communities.
With an expanded Executive Committee now in place
with the appointments of Jon Hancock, Peter Spires,
Paolo Vagnone, and Hilary Weaver, we have a team in
place with the experience of the Lloyd’s market and the
wider insurance sector that will enable us to address
the pressing issues we will face this year and beyond.
Lastly, I want to put on record my thanks to John Nelson
who will be retiring as Lloyd’s Chairman in May. His drive
and commitment to Lloyd’s has been an example to
everyone and he leaves the market in a much stronger
global position.
Inga Beale Chief Executive Officer
07

2.0
Strategic Report

2.1 Road to Vision 2025 [08]
2.2 V ision 2025 [10]
2.3 External Environment and Risk [12]
2.4 Lloyd’s Key Risks [14]
2.5 Market Oversight [16]
2.6 Global Market Access [18]
2.7 Ease of Doing Business [20]
2.8 Capital [22]
2.9 Innovation [24]
2.10 Talent [26]
2.11 Brand [28]
2.12 Global Corporate Social Responsibility [30]
2.13 Delivering the Strategy [32]

2.1
Strategic Report
Road to Vision 2025
Aligning our strategy to the risk environment Corporation’s role
Vision 2025 is a statement of where Lloyd’s wants In supporting the market in delivering Vision 2025,
to be in 2025. It was launched five years ago, and is the Corporation’s activities are aligned to its three
reviewed annually in the context of the macro-economy main responsibilities:
and insurance industry. We assess whether current and — protecting the interests of the market, mainly
future risks are adequately addressed, and mitigating delivered through Market Oversight and Capital;
actions in place. This assessment is made in close — promoting Lloyd’s to its customers and other
collaboration with the market and we publish the stakeholders, mainly delivered through Global
results in a series of rolling three-year strategies. Market Access, Innovation, Brand and Global CSR;
and
Strategic priorities — providing valued support services to Lloyd’s
members and market participants, mainly delivered
Vision 2025 is broken down into eight strategic through Ease of Doing Business and Talent.
priorities. Each year we adjust the activities we
undertake to deliver them to respond to the
evolving environment.
The objectives of the eight priorities are:
Market Oversight Lloyd’s market oversight will be supportive of
sustainable profitable growth and will be valued
by all stakeholders.
Global Market Access Lloyd’s international growth will be enabled
by offering optimal trading rights and effective
operational infrastructure.
Ease of Doing Business Lloyd’s will have a leading industry service
proposition, built on excellence in processes,
technology and data.
Capital Lloyd’s optimal capital strength and attractiveness
will be designed and demonstrated.
08

Performance framework Focus for 2017
Each priority has a delivery and tracking plan comprised For 2017 the focus is on making significant progress
of medium term milestones, annual key performance on initiatives already underway which will have the most
indicators (KPIs) and activities to deliver them. These material impact on the market. There are five key areas
form a hierarchy of metrics. The most material are of focus:
provided in this report, along with progress against the — Market conditions – ensuring a responsible attitude
2016 KPIs. to the challenging insurance industry environment;
— Brexit – retaining access to EU markets on
comparable terms to today;
— London Market Target Operating Model (TOM) –
continuing to deliver, and encourage adoption of,
improved services for the market;
— Solvency II – maintaining Solvency II compliance and
applying to the PRA for a major model change; and
— Corporation Operating Model (COM) – delivering an
effective and sustainable operating model for the
Corporation, that will provide a clearer and more
efficient interface with market participants.
Innovation Lloyd’s will build on its leading edge capability
and reputation for innovation in the global
insurance industry.
Talent Lloyd’s market and Corporation will continue
to attract and retain the best talent through a
high performance culture, best practices and
inspirational leadership.
Brand Lloyd’s brand will remain admired and attractive
to customers and market participants.
Global CSR1 Lloyd’s will remain a responsible global corporate
citizen through its ethical principles and practices,
and sharing of knowledge and expertise.
1 Corporate Social Responsibility 09

2.2
Strategic Report
Vision 2025 — To be the global centre for specialist insurance and reinsurance
What will Lloyd’s be?
— Lloyd’s will be an international, London-based — Lloyd’s ratings will be at a level capable of
market, built on trusted relationships and focused attracting the specialist business it will write.
on specialist property and casualty business — Lloyd’s will be larger than today, predicated on
requiring bespoke underwriting and broking. sustainable, profitable growth after allowing for
— Lloyd’s will be a mutual supported by a Central Fund, movements in the underwriting cycle. Its performance
so it will always be more capital efficient to trade will outstrip that of its competitor group. The increase
inside Lloyd’s than outside. in premium income in the largest 10 developed
— Lloyd’s will be able to access all major international economies will track or slightly exceed increases
insurance markets, including emerging markets, in non-life premium1. In the largest 10 developing
through its global licence network. economies, at times we would expect growth to
— Lloyd’s will offer access to underwriting expertise exceed non-life premium1 as the specialist risk sector
and capacity in the most efficient way to meet develops and insurance penetration increases.
brokers’ and clients’ needs, including through a — Lloyd’s will be known around the world for its
face-to-face subscription market. integrity. The Lloyd’s brand will be globally admired
— Lloyd’s world class underwriting and claims and recognised. Lloyd’s will be respected for its
management will be supported by an industry- reputation as the world’s specialist centre for
leading infrastructure and service proposition with (re)insurance.
efficient central services and seamless processing. — The Corporation will promote and protect the
— Lloyd’s will be a risk selector and a market where interests of the Lloyd’s market, and provide
entrepreneurialism and innovation will thrive, valued support services to members and
underpinned by robust risk and performance market participants.
management.
1 Excluding Motor, PA and Health business
10

Managing agents Capital
— Managing agents will actively attract business to — Lloyd’s capital base will be globally diverse.
Lloyd’s through brokers. Lloyd’s will be a thriving There will be overseas trade capital bringing
market of diverse managing agents by size and in new specialist business and people to Lloyd’s
type, ranging from Lloyd’s-centric businesses to the from countries where Lloyd’s needs to increase
specialty operations of international (re)insurance its market share.
groups. Any broker owned managing agents will — Private capital will continue, but to grow and flourish
be subject to the existing 20% related party it will need to be re-energised and provided on
business restriction. a more flexible and efficient basis.
— New entrants will be encouraged, including overseas
trade capital providers with a franchise as well as People
all other innovative, entrepreneurial start-ups.
— There will be no minimum size threshold for managing — Lloyd’s will be a place where talented, diverse and
agents but the maximum size will remain at 15% socially responsible employees feel proud to work.
of premium. It will attract the best talent and will provide an
accelerated career path for the progression of
Distribution high achievers. Lloyd’s will be a diverse and
inclusive market. Its people will increasingly
— Lloyd’s will be a broker market and will build on its mirror the geographic origin of the market’s
relationships with the larger brokers, as well as business and capital.
encouraging other specialist brokers.
— Lloyd’s will provide efficient access to local markets
through service companies, coverholders and local
brokers. It will be as easy to access Lloyd’s as any
local carrier.
— Lloyd’s distribution chain will be optimised through
the efficient use of technology.
— Lloyd’s will have a local presence, in some cases
local establishment, in international markets, where
this is a commercial or regulatory requirement for
business access.
11

2.3
Strategic Report
External Environment and Risk
Weak GDP growth put further pressure on
interest rates
The global economy continued to expand at the modest
estimated rate of 3.1% during 2016. While emerging and
developing economies remained the driver of global
growth, it was not evenly distributed within this group,
with China’s and India’s rates of growth expected to be
at least twice the global rate.
Interest rates remained very low for many of the more
developed economies (negative in Japan) in the hope
of boosting economic activity. Although the US Federal
Reserve has raised interest rates, the Bank of England
cut rates further to 0.25% in the aftermath of the vote
to leave the EU.
With an uncertain global geopolitical and economic
outlook, difficult trading conditions, and the What this meant for insurance
continued over-supply of insurance capital, 2017 will
be challenging —— Hilary Weaver Chief Risk Officer Suppressed demand and increased supply
Slow economic and trade growth and steady insurance
The global economy in 2016 penetration have suppressed demand for (re)insurance
products, while low interest rates have heralded a flow
Rejection of the status quo of new capital into the (re)insurance industry, increasing
2016 saw two popular votes go against the poll the supply of alternative risk transfer products.
forecasts as first the UK and then the US rejected
the status quo and embraced uncertainty. Uncertainty This situation has persisted for a few years, contributing
brings both risk and opportunity – to changes in trading to continued weak pricing. Combined with slowing
relationships, to currencies and to future economic reserve releases, increasing acquisition expense ratios
growth. For the UK in particular the likely outcome and low investment yields this has resulted in reduced
is reduced market access to the EU, with potential (re)insurer profitability.
upsides of increased access elsewhere.
As a consequence, in 2016 (re)insurers concentrated
For the US, despite short-term positive economic on cost reduction and efficiency gains to defend
outlook boosted by potential pro-growth policies, margins. After the significant number of mergers and
there is the risk that any protectionist policies would acquisitions in 2015, much of the focus was about
be returned in kind, reducing global economy activity. realising synergies. While some companies divested
non-core businesses or targeted new markets,
Protectionism slowed trade macroeconomic and political uncertainty may have
The US and UK are not the only economies blaming stifled larger deals.
globalism for slow domestic growth – the number of
trade restrictive measures has been increasing globally
since 2008. 2016 marked the slowest pace of trade
and output growth since 2009, following the aftermath
of the financial crisis.
12

Natural catastrophes Outlook for 2017
After a prolonged period of low claims, insured The market for property and casualty insurance and
catastrophe losses and major claims were above Lloyd’s reinsurance will remain challenging. With the backlash
long term average in 2016 – and there were even more against globalism, slow economic growth and the
uninsured losses. Hurricane Matthew was a powerful continued over-supply of insurance capital, prices are
and long-lived storm which became the first Category 5 likely to remain low.
Atlantic hurricane since Hurricane Felix in 2007.
Matthew wrought widespread destruction and If attritional loss ratios continue to rise and catastrophes
catastrophic loss of life during its journey across the become more prevalent, there could be significant
western Atlantic with an estimated $8bn of economic losses and a return to market consolidation.
losses, of which just over half was insured.
Lloyd’s remains committed to retaining its ability to do
Cyber business with EU markets which represented 11% of
Cyber threats became increasingly prevalent in 2016. our premium income in 2016. We will continue to work
Demand from businesses for cyber insurance has grown with the wider insurance industry to persuade the UK
as a result and Lloyd’s continues to be at the forefront government that negotiation of the terms for our leaving
of developing insurance solutions. the EU must not put the UK financial sector at risk – but
if UK trading rights are not retained, Lloyd’s plans for a
Insurtech European insurance company shall ensure that we will
Insurance technology development is challenging how be in a position to continue trading with the European
the insurance industry works. Although personal lines Single Market.
and health insurance have attracted the majority of
Insurtech start-ups so far, commercial lines are starting The prevailing conditions give rise to a number of risks
to engage. Technology reliant areas such as distribution, and challenges that shape our plans, described later
data, modelling and the internet-of-things are where in this report, to deliver our strategic priorities.
start-ups are having most success. Already some large
(re)insurers have been incubating, investing and The most critical risks are highlighted for focus through
partnering with start-ups. Lloyd’s risk framework. A summary of these risks is
provided with an overview of the mitigating actions
Regulation currently in place.
Solvency II came into force from 1 January 2016 and
introduced new reporting, capital and risk management
requirements for insurers operating in the EU. Capital is
assessed both for the risks faced by the entire Lloyd’s
market and those faced by Lloyd’s centrally. During 2016
both the Lloyd’s central and market wide solvency
coverage ratios exceeded our internal risk appetites
(see pages 62 to 63). As we look forward, we continue
to refine the Lloyd’s internal model for which we obtained
approval from the PRA in December 2015, and plan to
apply for a major model change in the second quarter
of 2017.
13

2.4
Strategic Report
Lloyd’s Key Risks
Risk Impact on Lloyd’s Mitigation
Market conditions Lloyd’s businesses suffer — Continue to monitor the structure and terms
losses or erode their of broker remuneration.
capital base due to — Syndicate business plan and capital approval
inappropriate underwriting processes enable consistent and robust challenge
in challenging market to premium growth and ensure loss ratios are
conditions or failure in realistic given the market underwriting conditions
management controls. and managing agents’ capabilities.
— Close monitoring of syndicates’ performance
against approved business plans to ensure they
do not materially deviate from them or, where
they do, that the changes are acceptable.
— Market oversight framework detailing annual
review activity includes reserve adequacy,
performance reviews of selected classes of
business and consideration of a number of
underwriting practices.
— Continue to closely monitor and respond to
the market risk appetite measures.
Catastrophe Risk Lloyd’s businesses suffer — Continue to closely monitor and respond to
losses or erode their the market risk appetite measures.
capital base through — Managing agents constantly monitor exposures
material aggregations around the world in accordance with Lloyd’s
of risks or insufficient minimum standards.
monitoring processes. — Monitoring and identification of emerging risks.
— Market oversight framework detailing annual
review activity includes exposure management
processes and reinsurance arrangements.
Brexit A loss of passporting — Continue to lobby government and actively
rights to the European participate with other insurance and City
Single Market could lead organisations.
to a reduction in business — Implement the contingency plan to ensure
written, or business written customers based in the European Union are
at Lloyd’s from the single able to access the Lloyd’s market as seamlessly
market will be more as possible.
expensive. — Issue regular communications to the market
and wider industry.
14

Risk Impact on Lloyd’s Mitigation
Cyber Risk Lloyd’s suffers a systemic — Cyber Essentials accreditation obtained by the
loss as a result of a Corporation and managing agents.
malicious electronic attack — Ongoing participation with industry bodies to
or through exposure to maintain awareness of changing cyber risks and
both known and silent thought leadership reports on cyber scenarios.
aggregations of risk — Monitoring of risks against Lloyd’s cyber risk
via the policies written appetite.
by its businesses. — Market oversight framework detailing annual
review activity to include exposure/aggregation
and reserve/capital adequacy.
Major change Failure to deliver the — Strong central governance to manage delivery
programmes desired process, risks associated with change programmes in the
technology and Corporation and for the market.
organisational change — Detailed project risk assessments.
or maintain operational — Contingency plans for the failure of key processes
resilience at a Corporation or outsource providers to ensure a recovery of
and market level could services or workaround processes at the
mean that placing Corporation and in the market.
business in the Lloyd’s
market is inefficient, costly
and no longer attractive.
Significant regulatory Lloyd’s sees its — Continue to lobby to influence the evolution of UK,
and tax change and competitive position European and global regulatory frameworks to
complexity across weaken, suffers maintain the competitive position of the market.
multiple jurisdictions regulatory penalties or — Ongoing assurance programme for the conduct
disadvantageous capital minimum standard.
position in achieving new — Monitoring Solvency II compliance at Lloyd’s,
territories or maintaining with programme for delivering major model change.
existing territories. — Market oversight framework detailing annual
review activity to include model drift, data quality
assurance, documentation and remuneration.
Long-term threats to Lloyd’s sees its long-term — Optimise Lloyd’s distribution chain through
the business model, profitability suffer by failing the efficient use of technology.
including increasing to respond to emerging — Maintain momentum in modernising the market
distribution costs and issues such as the and embracing technological development.
disruptive technology increasing cost of — Continue to maintain and strengthen relationships
distribution and the with Lloyd’s existing distribution channels.
applications of rapidly — Market oversight framework detailing the need
evolving technology to for managing agents to continue to monitor
insurance. broker remuneration.
15

2.5
Strategic Report
Market Oversight
2016 developments
As a result of the challenging market conditions,
evidenced by low prices and poor investment returns,
we gave managing agents the guidance that we did
not anticipate top line growth, particularly from
underperforming syndicates. Lloyd’s initiated a Portfolio
Review of poorly performing and challenged classes,
and managing agents affected were asked to
demonstrate a credible and quantifiable response
to these classes in their 2017 plans.
The Corporation adopts a risk based approach to
oversight. 2016 saw the issuance of individual managing
agent oversight plans and progress against their
Market Oversight remains key to Lloyd’s future implementation was tracked throughout the year.
success —— Jon Hancock Performance Management
Director The Corporation also reviewed the capital and planning
process to ensure that it is efficient and consistent for
Rationale and approach managing agents. This resulted in the removal of the
first draft business plan submission, reducing the
The nature of Lloyd’s, as a market of independent burden on agents.
businesses backed by the Central Fund, requires the
Corporation to play an active supervisory role. This role Performance against 2016 KPIs
covers performance management, capital setting and
risk management. In addition to these supervisory
2016 KPI Outcome
activities, it is important that Lloyd’s market oversight
is supportive of sustainable profitable growth and
No new Central Fund No new members impacted
innovation, and is valued by all stakeholders.
dependent members the Central Fund in 2016
other than as a result
The Corporation needs to ensure that supervision
of a significant event
of the market is effective and in this regard we are
accountable to both the Prudential Regulation Authority
(PRA) and the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). It is, Lloyd’s 2016 combined ratio Achieved. Lloyd’s combined
however, a key objective for us to minimise duplication performance is better than ratio was 97.9% compared
with work undertaken by the PRA and the FCA. its primary competitor group with 98.3% for its primary
competitor group
The market oversight framework is built upon the
minimum standards against which managing agents
are monitored. Although Lloyd’s does not operate a zero
failure regime, and syndicates may fail, the Corporation
seeks to minimise the risk of impact on the Central Fund
and will look first to protect policyholders’ interests.
16

Direction for 2017 What success looks like
Market oversight remains a priority for the 2017 KPIs
Corporation and market participants alike. Ensuring
that oversight is appropriately calibrated between — No new Central Fund dependent members
protection and growth is critical for Lloyd’s success. other than as a result of a significant event.
— Lloyd’s 2017 combined operating ratio is
As part of the Corporation Operating Model work better than that of its primary competitor group.
we will conduct a review of all key market oversight
processes in 2017. This will ensure the overall Interim milestones (to end 2018)
framework is efficient and effective in achieving
our market oversight objectives. — Lloyd’s combined operating ratio is better
than that of its primary competitor group
2017 plans over the five-year period.
— Central Fund undertakings are within Lloyd’s
— Undertake ongoing oversight responsibilities risk appetite.
including: — Lloyd’s oversight framework is effective in
— carry out the 2018 Syndicate Business managing risk in the market and is demonstrably
Planning and Capital Setting process, risk based and efficient.
ensuring robust review and challenge; — Lloyd’s oversight framework is demonstrably
— monitor performance of managing agents supportive of profitable growth where market
and syndicates against plans, guidelines, conditions and managing agent capabilities allow.
reserving, and Lloyd’s minimum standards;
— identify and address risks through regular Vision 2025
interaction with managing agents and
regulators and review of returns; and — Lloyd’s will be a risk selector, and a market
— ensure managing agents operate appropriate where entrepreneurialism and innovation will
oversight protocols, and continue to meet thrive, underpinned by robust risk and
Lloyd’s minimum standards. performance management.
— Implement findings from the industry ‘market — Lloyd’s will be larger than today, predicated
turning’ event exercise held in 2016. on sustainable, profitable growth after allowing
— Develop a tool to assist the market in addressing for movements in the underwriting cycle.
issues around contract quality checks. Its performance will outstrip that of its
competitor group.
17

2.6
Strategic Report
Global Market Access
This involves building excellent relations with our
distribution partners and ensuring that Lloyd’s is
the place where they want to do business.
2016 developments
While the unexpected result of the Brexit referendum
drew resources from other areas, we made progress
in expanding Lloyd’s licence network in 2016. Lloyd’s
received approval for onshore reinsurance underwriting
in India and the branch will be operational in April 2017.
In China, work continued to ensure Lloyd’s met the new
C-ROSS requirements.
In preparation for and since the Brexit vote, much work
Licences are one of Lloyd’s key assets. Maintaining has been done assessing the options for Lloyd’s to
comparable trading access to the 30 EEA countries continue to access the EU markets. We have announced
that will be affected by the UK’s withdrawal from plans for the establishment of a Lloyd’s European
the EU is therefore one of our top priorities —— insurance company in Brussels to achieve this aim.
Vincent Vandendael Chief Commercial Officer
In 2013, we set the target of obtaining five new trading
Strategy overview and rationale rights in developing economies over the next five years.
While the process of acquiring trading rights is long and
Through Lloyd’s market access rights, managing agents uncertain, we have steadily acquired them adding new
can underwrite risks or reinsure business from more trading rights in Dubai, onshore reinsurance licences in
than 200 territories. This global network of trading Colombia and Mexico, permission to trade in Beijing and
rights is one of Lloyd’s most important assets. A key approval to open a reinsurance branch in India which will
strand of Vision 2025 is the protection and expansion shortly be operational. This is in addition to extending
of this access. existing rights in Singapore, Japan and Finland.
Emerging markets are projected to continue to grow and Performance against 2016 KPIs
Lloyd’s is under-represented in these markets. Lloyd’s
2016 KPI Outcome
strategy is to pursue new trading rights in developing
markets when the timing is appropriate, supported with
Defend existing licences – Achieved – work is ongoing to
effective operational infrastructure. This will not be at
no material impairment to retain access to EU markets
the expense of Lloyd’s position in established markets
existing trading rights
which make up the majority of Lloyd’s business and
remain a major focus of our work.
Subject to business cases Partly achieved – India R1 and
In order to obtain access in some markets, commercial and favourable political R2 onshore reinsurance
or regulatory requirements may require a local presence. climates, gain at least two licence obtained
The prioritisation of new trading rights and the form of new licences
access is agreed by the market and Corporation
working in partnership.
Increased relationships Achieved – 24 new Lloyd’s
with all types of distribution brokers registered in 2016
Achieving true global access to markets will also entail
partner and 350 new coverholders
maintaining and strengthening our distribution channels.
approved
18

Direction for 2017 What success looks like
2017 activity will concentrate on: defending our 2017 KPIs
access to EU markets; delivering an efficient
operating platform in India; consolidating recent — Gained at least one new licence/trading right/
gains in market access; and increasing the focus permission to trade.
on developed markets. — Alternative market access strategy for the EU
developed and agreed, and implementation
2017 plans underway.
— Delivered key insights on distribution channels.
— Refine and execute plans to retain access to
EU markets. Interim milestones (to end 2018)
— Investigate promotional opportunities to exploit
consortia options to brokers and internationally. — Enhancements to, and the defence of, Lloyd’s Global
— Benchmark Lloyd’s as a coverholder platform Market Access offer lead to demonstrable profitable
against our competitors and enhance Lloyd’s offer growth (subject to market conditions).
in the US. — New trading rights in five developing economies,
— Set up India operations. Pursue trading rights subject to business cases and favourable political
in Morocco. climates.
— Monitor and respond to legislative, regulatory and — Lloyd’s distribution channels will expand, both in
tax developments to defend Lloyd’s trading rights. number and geographically, and Lloyd’s will grow
— Engage with Lloyd’s top brokers to understand its premiums from its major distribution partners.
their global and regional strategies and develop
action plans. Vision 2025
— Lloyd’s will be able to access all major international
insurance markets, including emerging markets,
through its global licence network.
— The increase in premium income in the largest 10
developed economies will track or slightly exceed
increases in non-life premium.1 In the largest 10
developing economies, at times growth would be
expected to exceed non-life premium1 as the
specialist risk sector develops and insurance
penetration increases.
— Lloyd’s will have a local presence, in some cases
local establishment, in international markets where
this is a commercial or regulatory requirement for
business access.
— Lloyd’s will be a broker market and will build on
its relationships with the larger brokers, as well
as encouraging other specialist brokers. Lloyd’s
will provide efficient access to local markets
through service companies, coverholders and
local brokers. It will be as easy to access Lloyd’s
as any local carrier.
1 Excluding Motor, PA and Health business
19

2.7
Strategic Report
Ease of Doing Business
2016 developments
In any challenging market environment, cost
management will form a component of most business
strategies. We are fortunate in that we have already
begun the implementation of the London Market Target
Operating Model (TOM). The key building blocks are
in place: market buy-in, joint funding, governance and
an agreed plan. Given these conditions, the onus in
2016 was to start delivering, and we did.
The electronic placing platform was established and
went live in 2016 for Terrorism, Financial and Professional
lines. The Central Service Refresh Programme enables
brokers to submit premium electronically, increasing the
We are delivering the capability for the market accuracy of information going through the system and
to improve efficiency and reduce its expenses —— accelerating the payments process. Meanwhile, the
Shirine Khoury-Haq Chief Operating Officer Delegated Authorities Programme has been successful
in reducing the number of coverholder audits to be
Rationale and approach carried out in 2017 by about 1,500. While putting these
new capabilities in place is an important step, we rely
Technological change and automation is disrupting on each market participant to embrace them so that
the insurance industry, demanding that we adapt and their full benefit can be attained.
transform the way we do business. At Lloyd’s, placing
and processing business needs to be easier and more Performance against 2016 KPIs
efficient. This will make the market more attractive
2016 KPI Outcome
to existing and new business in London and in local
markets – and increase Lloyd’s competitive advantage.
Deliver 2016 TOM milestones Partially achieved –
To achieve this, we must work collaboratively with
for all major workstreams some milestones were
managing agents, the broker community and the
deprioritised by the
company market carriers to build an industry leading
TOM Steering Board
infrastructure and service proposition covering
London, Lloyd’s international operations and
delegated authority business. Central Services Refresh Partially achieved – some
Programme: capabilities in delayed
We have a multi-year programme of work covering both p lace for market players to
Lloyd’s specific developments and London market-wide remove London-specific
elements (such as London market data standards, and processes identified
processes – including electronic placement). for elimination in 2016
Our primary aims are to make the London Market as a
whole a more attractive and efficient place to conduct
(re)insurance through one touch data and common
use of central services for non-competitive activities.
While it can be challenging to get so many different
businesses to work together, our interests are aligned
– we all want a successful market within which
participants can compete for business.
20

Direction for 2017 What success looks like
For 2017 the focus remains on delivery and adoption 2017 KPIs
of key services as set out in the Blueprint agreed by
the London Market TOM Board in 2016. — Delivered 2017 TOM milestones for all major
workstreams.
2017 will also see the Corporation implement efficiency — Corporation Operating Model implemented and
changes to its structure and processes in line with its actual savings in the Corporation’s like-for-like
new operating model. activities of at least £10m achieved.
2017 plans Interim milestones (to end 2018)
— Structured Data Capture – launch a live service — It will be as easy to deal with Lloyd’s as with other
that provides reusable risk data. insurance markets. Doing business in the Lloyd’s
— Placing Platform Ltd – roll out to additional classes market will be more attractive through increased
of business including Marine and Property. Deliver at efficiency in major components of its operating
least three platform enhancement releases. model.
— Central Services Refresh – deliver additional EBOT/ — Removal of two-thirds of the London specific
ECOT2 functionality to process claims, facility back-office processes that as of 2013 have been
business, cancellation/replacement of policies and identified as one of the factors hindering placing
legacy claims. Implement a new process and portal of business at Lloyd’s.
for dealing with queries and corrections. — Lloyd’s will be among the top performing claims
— Delegated Authority – further develop Coverholder players globally. Improvements in speed and quality,
Audit Tool (end to end functionality deployed) and across the entire claims life cycle, will be maintained.
create approved data standards for Premium,
Claims and Risk by class of business to be used Vision 2025
consistently across the market.
— Data Integration – deliver new/enhanced ACORD — Lloyd’s will offer access to underwriting expertise
Message Standards. Roll out Business Glossary and capacity in the most efficient way to meet
(data definitions). Pilot an online solution for firms brokers’ and clients’ needs, including through
to obtain controlled Master Data and Reference a face-to-face subscription market.
Data from a central source. — Lloyd’s world class underwriting and claims
— Reshape the Corporation’s structure, functions and management will be supported by an industry-
processes in line with the agreed operating model. leading infrastructure and service proposition with
efficient central services and seamless processing.
2 Electronic Back Office Transactions / Electronic Claim Office Transactions — Lloyd’s distribution chain will be optimised through
the efficient use of technology.
— Lloyd’s will provide efficient access to local markets
through service companies, coverholders and local
brokers. It will be as easy to access Lloyd’s as any
local carrier.
21

2.8
Strategic Report
Capital
2016 developments
Lloyd’s capital strength and attractiveness is evidenced
by its average 12% return on capital during the five-year
period 2012 to 2016 while available capital, reserves,
and subordinated debt and securities grew 42% in the
same period.
2016 saw Lloyd’s consolidate its Solvency II activities,
continuing to embed them throughout its processes.
This included new resource, project management and
the planning for a major change to the Lloyd’s Internal
Model for 2017.
Lloyd’s capital base continued to grow throughout
Lloyd’s capital base remains strong while returns the year including 11 new capital members that were
remain attractive to investors —— John Parry Chief approved to start underwriting for 2017. The continued
Financial Officer attractiveness of Lloyd’s was also demonstrated
by significant acquisition activity targeting Lloyd’s
Rationale and approach participants.
Lloyd’s capital framework offers three key advantages: In early 2017, Lloyd’s successfully issued £300m
— Efficiency – because there is a mutual layer of capital of Tier 2 subordinated debt to further strengthen
backing all policies written at Lloyd’s, less capital its central assets which already stand at over £2.8bn.
needs to be held by businesses themselves for a The transaction attracted an exceptional level of
given portfolio of risks than would be the case if interest from investors with total orders exceeding
they wrote that portfolio outside Lloyd’s. Capital £2bn, which is testament to the strength of Lloyd’s
held centrally is also used to support business and its brand. The debt issue enabled us to utilise
written in other countries. the Tier 2 capacity available to meet the Solvency
— Sufficiency – Lloyd’s capital structure is maintained Capital Requirement for the Central Fund within the
at a level that demonstrates Lloyd’s ability to absorb tiering limits applied under Solvency II at a cost
the impact of a market-changing event. This is effective rate of interest (see pages 62 to 63 for
reflected in our financial strength ratings and our more information).
capital sufficiency supports the flow of business
into the market. Performance against 2016 KPIs
— Flexibility – some funds can be posted at Lloyd’s
2016 KPI Outcome
through Letters of Credit, meaning that companies
can deploy group capital efficiently.
Lloyd’s financial strength Achieved – Lloyd’s continues
ratings are on a par with its to maintain strong ratings
Lloyd’s strategy is to maintain these advantages and
primary competitor group
ensure that Lloyd’s continues to be attractive to all
types of capital provider. We want to ensure that Lloyd’s
capital advantages remain relevant to the current and New trade capital entrants Achieved
prospective capital base. from developing economies
22

Direction for 2017 What success looks like
Lloyd’s must continue to work to enhance the capital 2017 KPIs
benefits of operating through Lloyd’s. Part of this is
ensuring that not only does Lloyd’s capital structure — Lloyd’s financial strength ratings remained on
maximise these benefits, but that they are valid for a par with its primary competitor group.
all types of capital. Maintaining our Solvency II internal — Lloyd’s Solvency II internal model ‘major model
model approval forms a major part of this assurance change’ application approved by the PRA.
and in 2017 we will apply for a major model change.
Interim milestones (to end 2018)
Our Brexit response will consider the impact on capital.
An efficient capital structure is fundamental to meeting — Lloyd’s capital strength and diversity will provide
our key objective of maintaining attractive access to demonstrable security to policyholders. Lloyd’s
EU markets. capital structure will be optimised and simplified.
— Lloyd’s will remain attractive to, and – subject
We will also seek to maintain PRA approval of Letters to market conditions – see growth in, all types
of Credit as capital and implement any actions from the of capital providers (private, trade and institutional)
industry ‘market turning’ event exercise held last year. and in the geographic diversity of the market’s
capital base. There will be five new trade capital
2017 plans providers.
— Maintain Lloyd’s Solvency II programme: Vision 2025
— continue development and validation of the
Lloyd’s Internal Model; — Lloyd’s will be a mutual supported by a Central Fund,
— continue oversight of syndicates’ Solvency II so it will always be more capital efficient to trade
compliance; inside Lloyd’s than outside.
— complete delivery of Pillar 3 annual reporting — Lloyd’s capital base will be globally diverse. There will
cycle; and be overseas trade capital bringing in new specialist
— deliver Lloyd’s major model change application. business and people to Lloyd’s from countries where
— Deliver Structured Relationship Management Lloyd’s needs to increase its market share.
Programme activities with potential new trade — New entrants will be encouraged, including overseas
capital providers. trade capital providers with a franchise as well as all
other innovative, entrepreneurial start-ups.
23

2.9
Strategic Report
Innovation
2016 developments
2016 saw work start on the Lloyd’s performance index
– the idea that Lloyd’s could publish a market loss ratio
index to assist with the development of hedging
products and against which derivative products could
be traded. While there was interest from the capital
markets, a number of practical issues and regulatory
concerns remained to be addressed when the project
was paused in the wake of the Brexit referendum.
Despite this, Lloyd’s has continued to support the
London Market Group’s Task Force that is working with
HM Government to make the UK a hub for insurance-
linked securities (ILS). Draft regulations to help bring
ILS funds onshore and increase ILS activity are under
To remain at the forefront of the global insurance review for finalisation in 2017. Lloyd’s will keep its
and reinsurance industry Lloyd’s must continue strategy in this sector under review.
to pioneer the underwriting of new risks ——
Vincent Vandendael Chief Commercial Officer Lloyd’s thought leadership continued with reports
published on Global Teleconnections, Political Violence
Rationale and approach Contagion and Use of Chemical, Biological, Radiological
and Nuclear Weapons by Non-State Actors. To celebrate
The Lloyd’s market prides itself on its long history for success among market participants, the Corporation
developing and underwriting new products, and has hosted the second Innovation Awards in November,
a reputation for meeting the various, and sometimes designed to recognise imaginative ideas that are being
unique, needs of its many customers. developed in the market.
Our priority is to ensure that the Lloyd’s market Performance against 2016 KPIs
continues to capitalise on its expertise in innovation.
2016 KPI Outcome
The Corporation seeks to draw attention to, encourage
and recognise innovation in the market. It helps to
Publish a Lloyd’s Index The Index work was put on
facilitate this through thought leadership, identifying
hold to allow us to refocus
product gaps and supporting market participants in
on the implications of Brexit
the pre-competitive stage of product development.
Innovation is not just about new insurance products, Increased positive Achieved – number of
but also covers how we operate and do business, perception of Lloyd’s positive references more
and how we publish thought leadership materials reputation for innovation than doubled in 2016
and foster a greater understanding of global risks, as measured by positive
recognise opportunities to improve efficiencies, press references
add value and capitalise on the assets we have.
Lloyd’s will continue to look for opportunities to
leverage process innovation to make it a positive
differentiator.
24

Direction for 2017 What success looks like
We will continue to explore how the use of indices 2017 KPIs
can play a part in the Lloyd’s market. In addition
we will seek to bring together our innovative work — Delivered at least eight thought leadership
in research, analysis and thought leadership so that reports, focusing on emerging risks, best practices
it is aligned and focused on developing new in classes of business and pre-competitive risk
opportunities and products for the market to exploit. quantification models.
2017 plans Interim milestones (to end 2018)
— Work with potential index providers to explore — Lloyd’s will embrace alternative capital and new
options for their use in Lloyd’s business context. products and processes. There will be an increase
— Continue to identify product gaps and facilitate in both the number of non-traditional capital
product development in the market. providers investing at Lloyd’s and non-traditional
products being traded at Lloyd’s.
— Lloyd’s reputation for innovation will be
demonstrably enhanced.
Vision 2025
— Lloyd’s will be a risk selector and a market where
entrepreneurialism and innovation will thrive,
underpinned by robust risk and performance
management.
25

2.10
Strategic Report
Talent
2016 developments
In 2016 the Corporation focused on sharing more of its
training and development programmes with the Lloyd’s
market. The Corporation continued to co-ordinate the
emerging talent (graduate, apprentice and internship)
programmes on behalf of the market, with 44 entrants
across all programmes in 2016.
2016 also saw the launch of the Lloyd’s University,
accessed via a digital learning management system
and providing a gateway for Corporation employees
to access a suite of over 150 digital learning products.
We introduced accredited management and recruitment
programmes, open to both the market and Corporation
The Lloyd’s market’s talent base remains one of its key employees, with over 200 participants in 2016. A new
differentiators, it continues to grow in strength and market-wide mentoring programme was also launched
in diversity. The focus on enhancing and developing with over 40 mentoring pairings established.
this critical asset remains at the heart of the Talent
Strategy for both the Corporation and the market —— In 2016, the Lloyd’s Market Association carried out
Annette Andrews Human Resources Director the latest biennial HR benchmarking survey based
on market diversity data. The survey shows that while
Rationale and approach some progress has been made, more needs to be
done to ensure that Lloyd’s becomes a truly diverse
Big and complicated risks are drawn to Lloyd’s, attracting marketplace. In this spirit, for the first time the 2016
the world’s best insurance talent, which in turn attracts Dive In festival was a global initiative spread over
some of the world’s biggest and most complicated risks. four continents in 15 cities with the involvement of
It is a virtuous circle which Lloyd’s would like to perpetuate. colleagues in both the Lloyd’s and Companies Market.
This arises in part through the clustering benefits of the
London insurance market. The whole market has an Performance against 2016 KPIs
interest in ensuring that relevant skills, capabilities
2016 KPI Outcome
and knowledge are acquired and developed in order
to reinforce this differentiator.
Refreshed graduate and New schemes were launched
apprentice schemes in 2016
We want to draw on all talent, from varied backgrounds,
to ensure we get the best. Diversity and inclusion is good
for business and remains a priority. The Corporation and Talent management Achieved
market work in partnership, through Inclusion@Lloyd’s, i ntegrated into the
to embrace and embed diversity by widening C orporation’s business
perspectives and sharing best practice.
Develop and grow Achieved
diversity and inclusion
26

Direction for 2017 What success looks like
A key focus for 2017 is to develop Corporation and 2017 KPIs
market talent through Lloyd’s University and the
emerging talent programme. — The percentage of female senior employees in
the Corporation increased by two percentage
Continuing improvements to diversity and inclusion points in 2017.
will be delivered through training within the Corporation
and support of the market’s Inclusion@Lloyd’s initiative. Interim milestones (to end 2018)
2017 plans — The market’s workforce will have the skills,
capabilities and knowledge to ensure that
— Continue delivery of high quality leadership, expertise is a competitive differentiator for Lloyd’s.
management and behavioural skills training The hiring and retention of high calibre employees
for all employees in Lloyd’s. will be improved.
— Lead and support talent development activity — The Lloyd’s market’s workforce will have an enhanced
across the Corporation and market including a understanding of, and commitment to, diversity and
market-wide Learning Week. inclusion. Diversity and inclusion will be integrated
— Support and encourage Corporation and market into Lloyd’s culture.
participation in Inclusion@Lloyd’s, including
Dive In festival and Wellbeing events. Vision 2025
— Lloyd’s will be a place where talented, diverse and
socially responsible employees feel proud to work.
It will attract the best talent and will provide an
accelerated career path for the progression of high
achievers. Lloyd’s will be a diverse and inclusive
market. Its people will increasingly mirror the
geographic origin of the market’s business
and capital.
2016 Corporation employee segmentation figures
UK 872
Non-UK 190
Executive Head of Manager Professional/ Administrative Total
Team function Technical
Female 5 6 132 263 158 564
Male 4 32 203 191 68 498
Total 9 38 335 454 226 1,062
27

2.11
Strategic Report
Brand
2016 developments
A brand reputation index was introduced based on
an independent brand survey of key stakeholders.
This showed Lloyd’s has a strong position achieving
consistently high scores across key brand measures,
with brand health at parity with best in class (re)insurance
companies. Lloyd’s is perceived to outperform best in
class on important attributes including expertise,
competitiveness, innovation, underwriting flexibility and
risk appetite. The research also identified areas where
the brand could be enhanced. Customer service is one
of the most important drivers of reputation, specifically
effective use of technology and claims management.
A campaign focused on educating key stakeholders
Lloyd’s is a brand that resonates beyond its market. about the Lloyd’s market’s capabilities and promoting
We have been able to retain a pre-eminent position the claims service has been a priority.
due to a combination of reputation, scale,
governance, a unique working culture and The research also identified digital channels as the
a continuing commitment to innovation and preferred means for sharing Lloyd’s insights with
boldness —— Jo Scott Interim Head, Marketing stakeholders on topics such as cyber risks, data privacy
& Communications and new products/innovation. During 2016 content on
cyber and data security was published in light of the
Rationale and approach EU General Data Protection Regulation.
Lloyd’s brand is globally recognised and highly valued In addition, a programme of improvements were
both within the insurance industry and broader society. implemented on the Lloyd’s website to make it more
The positive role Lloyd’s plays in times of crisis is well accessible and globally relevant.
documented and the strength of the marketplace is
held in high regard. A strong global brand and positive Performance against 2016 KPIs
reputation make Lloyd’s more attractive to clients,
capital and talent. Confidence in the brand encourages
2016 KPI Outcome
policyholders and brokers to choose Lloyd’s, creates
a market where commercial businesses can thrive
Lloyd’s global brand Achieved
and offers security for society through wider use of
perceptions understood
insurance for risk transfer.
Options to improve brand Brand materials refreshed
Nonetheless, as globalisation gathers pace and
perceptions identified and website updated
competition intensifies, there is no time for
complacency. Work continues to protect and promote
the Lloyd’s brand to ensure its future power and No material impairment to Achieved
relevance has commenced with the full support Lloyd’s brand or reputation
of the market.
28

Direction for 2017 What success looks like
From our research we have identified attributes which 2017 KPIs
offer the greatest potential to enhance the Lloyd’s brand
and we will continue to develop our brand strategy — Thought leadership content downloads increased
around these. We will develop flexible promotional and by 5%.
digital content to promote the market and attract a — Number of international visitors to lloyds.com and
breadth of business and talent, creating positive and other campaign related sites increased by 10%.
stronger impressions of the Lloyd’s brand.
Interim milestones (to end 2018)
2017 plans
— Lloyd’s brand is globally admired and is attractive
— Protect Lloyd’s brand and reputation through the to all stakeholders. The Lloyd’s brand reputation
effective internal and external response to any index will be at least equal to that of ‘best-in-class’
issue arising. (re)insurance companies.
— Leverage the Lloyd’s community of over 40,000
market participants to be advocates amplifying Vision 2025
Lloyd’s thought leadership content and
communications to reach broader audiences. — Lloyd’s will be known around the world for its
— Develop lloyds.com as a content platform for market integrity. The Lloyd’s brand will be globally admired
participants to promote their brands and insurance and recognised. Lloyd’s will be respected for its
industry thought leadership. reputation as the world’s specialist centre for
(re)insurance.
29

2.12
Strategic Report
Global Corporate Social Responsibility
2016 developments
Lloyd’s global corporate social responsibility programme
continued to go from strength to strength in 2016.
Major achievements included:
— Lloyd’s Charities Trust launched new three-year
partnerships with international disaster relief charity
RedR, Build Change and Whizz-Kidz;
— Over 25 of Lloyd’s global offices took part in the
‘Lloyd’s Together’ CSR programme supporting a
wide range of causes in their local communities;
— Undertook conduct reviews and associated market
education to protect the interests of customers.
Complaints oversight was rolled out internationally;
— Responsible Investment forum held;
We continue to promote our approach to responsible — Lloyd’s CFO joined the ClimateWise Insurance
business through our membership of ClimateWise, Advisory Council;
ensuring our people and customers are treated fairly, — A slavery and human trafficking statement has
and supporting the communities we work in around been published and an anti-slavery policy agreed;
the world—— John Parry Chief Financial Officer — Lloyd’s achieved Gold in the City of London Clean
City awards, recognising the Corporation’s waste
Rationale and approach management and recycling efforts; and
— Lloyd’s Community Programme won a CII Public
Lloyd’s is committed to effecting positive change Interest Award and a Lord Mayor’s Dragon award.
by being seen as a leader in its responsible business
approach. This is reflected in Lloyd’s business practices Performance against 2016 KPIs
as well as its work with community and charity partners.
2016 KPI Outcome
The Lloyd’s market aims to ensure its customers are
fairly treated at all times and should aspire to the Receive recognition by Achieved (as outlined above)
highest standards in business conduct generally. external stakeholders for
Lloyd’s responsible business
Lloyd’s will use its experience and expertise to help approach
communities around the world build resilience against
disasters, including the effects of climate change and
Maintain positive rating by Achieved
extreme weather events. All of these activities help
Corporation employees for
to complement the Lloyd’s brand and attract new and
Lloyd’s responsible business
diverse talent.
approach
30

Direction for 2017 What success looks like
In 2017 Lloyd’s will publish a Responsible Business 2017 KPIs
policy for the Corporation and market, and increase
involvement in Lloyd’s charity and community — Published a Responsible Business Policy
programmes across the Lloyd’s market. for the Lloyd’s market and Corporation.
— Reduced the Corporation’s total reported
2017 plans Greenhouse Gas Emissions.
— Develop a Responsible Business Policy. Interim milestones (to end 2018)
— Use 100% green electricity in Lloyd’s UK offices.
— Encourage volunteering through Lloyd’s Community — Lloyd’s is a responsible global corporate citizen
Programme and promote the work of Lloyd’s charities. through its ethical principles and practices,
sharing of knowledge and expertise, and positive
contribution to social and environmental issues.
Vision 2025
— Lloyd’s will be known around the world for its integrity.
— Lloyd’s will be a place where talented, diverse and
socially responsible employees feel proud to work.
Lloyd’s Community Programme
Number of volunteers from across the Lloyd’s market supporting programmes in London
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016
1,883 1,716 2,087 2,666 2,798
Lloyd’s greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 2016
Lloyd’s total Lloyd’s total
Out of 2016 GHG 2015 GHG
Scope 1 Scope 2 Scope 3 scopes emissions emissions
(tonnes CO e) (tonnes CO e) (tonnes CO e) (tonnes CO e) (tonnes CO e) (tonnes CO e)
2 2 2 2 2 2
UK 1,574 7,990 2,828 <1 12,392 13,577
International offices 18 818 350 – 1,186 1,254
Lloyd’s 2016 total GHG reported emissions 13,578 14,831
Lloyd’s total reported GHG emissions from our business activities in 2016 were 13,578 tonnes of CO2e, a decrease of 8% against 2015, which was driven by reductions in electricity
and air travel related emissions. Energy efficiency improvements in the UK led to a 2% fall in electricity consumption. Coupled with continued decarbonisation of UK grid electricity,
reflected in a lower conversion factor issued by Defra, electricity emissions fell by 11%. Total mileage flown by Lloyd’s staff in 2016 fell 10%, we continue to offset our air travel
emissions by buying carbon credits. Scope 1 emissions rose by 24%, caused largely by a 15% increase in natural gas used in the UK, which occurred due to a colder winter.
We also improved the accuracy of our international reporting to 16 offices, from 11 in 2015.
This work is partially based on the country-specific CO2 emission factors developed by the International Energy Agency, © OECD/IEA 2016 but the resulting work has been prepared
by Carbon Smart and Lloyd’s and does not necessarily reflect the views of the International Energy Agency. A more detailed statement on Lloyd’s GHG emissions is available at:
www.lloyds.com/ghgemissions
31

2.13
Strategic Report
Delivering the Strategy — The Corporation and Market Participants
Corporation Managing agents
Objective — Operate in a professional and profitable manner,
ensuring good customer outcomes and with the
— The Corporation will promote and protect the freedom to participate in whichever type of business
interests of the Lloyd’s market, and provide they choose within their risk appetites and an agreed
valued support services to members and business plan.
market participants. — Make decisions on underwriting new business and
to pursue opportunities in developed and developing
Role economies where aligned with their own strategies.
— Conduct business in line with agreed market process
— Maintain the market oversight framework, built upon standards (e.g. ACORD).
minimum standards, and ensure that is supportive — Work with brokers and the Corporation to help deliver
of profitable growth and new business development innovative risk management solutions for clients.
where appropriate. — Promote talent and diversity and inclusion in their
— Defend existing licence arrangements and access organisations.
to markets, and seek new trading rights where
there is market demand.
— Undertake market development internationally,
including promotional, educational and relationship
management activities aimed at brokers,
coverholders and risk managers.
— Work closely with the London Market Group,
other associations and market participants to
make the transaction of insurance business at
Lloyd’s (from placement to claims settlement)
as efficient as possible.
— Determine Lloyd’s capital structure and maintain
its financial strength and capital efficiency.
— Set appropriate capital levels at member and
central level.
— Provide supporting frameworks and structures,
and address constraints, in order to allow new
innovative products and alternative capital
propositions to thrive at Lloyd’s.
— Work with the market to attract, develop and retain
a diverse range of talent with the appropriate skills
and expertise.
— Protect and promote Lloyd’s brand and reputation
globally.
— Encourage market participants to be good
corporate citizens.
32

Brokers Members’ agents
— Maintain high professional standards in their — Support existing private capital providers and
business, ensuring that the interests of clients facilitate the introduction of new private capital.
are held paramount.
— Engage with the Corporation and managing agents
to support change so that the Lloyd’s market meets
the needs of clients in the most effective manner.
— Conduct business in line with agreed market process
standards (e.g. ACORD).
— Work with managing agents and the Corporation
to help deliver innovative risk management solutions
for clients.
— Promote talent and diversity and inclusion in their
organisations.
33

3.0
Market Results

3.1 2016 highlights [34]
3.2 Statement of Council’s Responsibilities and
Report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to
the Council of Lloyd’s on the 2016 Pro Forma
Financial Statements [50]
3.3 Pro Forma Profit & Loss Account [52]
3.3 Pro Forma Statement of Comprehensive
Income [52]
3.4 Pro Forma Balance Sheet [53]
3.5 Pro Forma Statement of Cash Flows [54]
3.6 Notes to the Pro Forma Financial
Statements [55]

3.1
Market Results
2016 Highlights
Financial Highlights
— Lloyd’s made a profit of £2,107m (2015: £2,122m)
— Combined ratio of 97.9% (2015: 90.0%)
— Gross written premium of £29,862m (2015: £26,690m)
— Capital, reserves and subordinated loan notes stand at £28,597m (2015: £25,098m)
Gross written premium Result before tax
£m £m
2012 25,173 2012 2,771
2013 25,615 2013 3,205
2014 25,259 2014 3,016
2015 26,690 2015 2,122
2016 29,862 2016 2,107
Capital, reserves and subordinated debt and securities Central assets
£m £m
2012 20,193 2012 2,485
2013 21,107 2013 2,384
2014 23,413 2014 2,578
2015 25,098 2015 2,645
2016 28,597 2016 2,879
Return on capital* Combined ratio*
% %
2012 14.8 2012 91.1
2013 16.2 2013 86.8
2014 14.1 2014 88.4
2015 9.1 2015 90.0
2016 8.1 2016 97.9
The pro forma financial statements (PFFS) are prepared so that the financial results of Lloyd’s and its members taken together and their net assets can be compared as closely as
possible with general insurance companies. The PFFS include the aggregate of syndicate annual accounts (Aggregate Accounts), members’ funds at Lloyd’s (FAL) and the Society
of Lloyd’s financial statements.
*The return on capital and the combined ratio are considered to be metrics which are consistently used to analyse financial performance in the Lloyd’s market Results and/or in
the Society Report. These metrics (wherever used in this Annual Report) are considered to be Alternative Performance Measures (APMs), with further information available on
pages 196 to 197.
34

The Lloyd’s market achieved a long-term average in 2016. The year observed trend of relatively high
pre-tax profit of £2,107m in 2016 saw two events for which the net accident year ratios, which reduce
(2015: £2,122m) and a combined incurred loss to the Lloyd’s market over time as they book releases
ratio of 97.9% (2015: 90.0%), which was in excess of £250m. The first from reserves.
represents a return on capital of of these was the Fort McMurray
8.1% (2015: 9.1%). Wildfire in Canada in May. Continued downward pressure
The second was Hurricane Matthew on pricing was experienced across
The underwriting result has which struck a number of Caribbean the market in 2016, and whilst this
deteriorated while investment islands, the southeastern United was broadly in line with planning
return has improved positively. States and Eastern Canada in late assumptions, competition in
Foreign exchange gains have September/early October. reinsurance continues to grow as
also contributed. traditional and alternative capital
The underwriting result continued remains attracted to this class.
On an accident year basis, market to benefit from prior year releases,
conditions in 2016 remained which accounted for £1,150m Aviation, Energy, Marine and
challenging, with a reported (2015: £1,621m), reducing the Property classes also experienced
deterioration in underwriting combined ratio by 5.1% (2015: 7.9%). intense rating pressure. Capacity
performance. All of Lloyd’s classes The level of release is lower than is abundant, and profitable growth
of business have reported accident in recent years but is supported by opportunities continue to be
year losses for 2016, and only three the strong level of claims reserves. increasingly scarce driven by
classes had prior year reserves weaknesses in the global economy
releases that were sufficient for The reserving methodology for and the challenging market conditions.
them to report overall profits. setting initial loss estimates varies
For the first time since 2012, between syndicates. There are The level of expenses continues
aggregate major claims and insured a significant number that reserve to increase and erode underwriting
catastrophe losses were above the prudently, which contributes to the margins. The Lloyd’s market’s
Drivers of Market Result
2,500 £m
2,122 2,107
2,000 2,047 (1,108) 648 (27) 468
1,639
1,500
943
1,000
(471)
500
75
0
2015 Accident year Prior year releases Investment return Foreign exchange Other expenses 2016
Underwriting results
Other – investment return, foreign exchange and the other net expenses
35

Market Results
2016 Highlights
expenses are higher as a proportion Looking ahead underwriters to review their pricing
of net earned premium than those and risk appetites. The Ogden rate
of our competitor group, particularly Overall, pricing reductions do change is likely to lead to a re-
in relation to acquisition costs appear to be slowing. Nevertheless, evaluation of current pricing levels
reflecting Lloyd’s more extensive given that capital supporting the for UK bodily injury exposed lines.
distribution chain. This will be an industry remains plentiful, there is
area of focus in 2017. Administrative little to suggest a halt in the decline Prior year claims reserves,
expenses are also higher although in the short term. With 2016 seeing particularly in the casualty sector,
the Lloyd’s figures are flattered a return to less benign levels of will be highly sensitive to any
by the impact of measuring mostly major loss activity, the tightening of material growth in the rate of
sterling expenses against net the accident year result is expected inflation. Alongside general price
earned premium with a high to promote further underwriting softening, such inflation may also
proportion of US dollar. discipline in the coming months. fuel a further rise in current levels
of attrition.
Investment return was 2.2% Both threats and opportunities may
(2015: 0.7%), the improvement arise from macro-economic and Understanding and managing
being driven by the strong political changes this year. Recent attritional losses is now critical
performance from high quality signs of rising inflation may prompt if planning targets are to be met.
fixed interest assets.
Foreign exchange gains have
Major claims Accident year ratio excl. major claims
impacted the 2016 result favourably.
The movement in the US Dollar to
% of NEP %
Sterling exchange rate has been
2012 9.7 2012 88.6
the largest contributor with the US
Dollar strengthening 16% over the 2013 4.4 2013 90.4
year. Approximately 61% of the
2014 3.4 2014 93.1
business written across the market
2015 3.5 2015 94.4
is denominated in US Dollars. Assets
are held within syndicate premiums 2016 9.1 2016 93.9
trust funds and members funds at
Five-year average 6.0 Five-year average 92.1
Lloyd’s to match the underlying
Ten-year average 8.7 Ten-year average 89.9
exposures and at the 2016 year
end there was a surplus of US Dollar
Lloyd’s major losses: net ultimate claims
assets. A portion of the assets in the
Central Fund are also denominated
in US Dollars to preserve our
solvency coverage. 016,3
1002
433
2002
581
3002
396,1
4002
854,4
5002
16
6002
085
7002
759,1
8002
883
9002
493,2
0102
719,4
1102
898,1
2102
998
3102
976
4102
337
5102
250,2
6102
3.1
£m
Five-year average £1,825m 15-year average £1,652m Indexed for inflation to 2016.
Claims in foreign currency translated at the exchange rates prevailing at the date of loss.
36

Particular focus is needed on those currency was, again, below that After three relatively light years,
classes where results are already originally planned by the syndicates. the cost of major claims to the
borderline and most sensitive During the year, there continued to Lloyd’s market in 2016 is the fifth
to attrition. be modest and controlled growth in highest since 2000 with two events
most classes, the main exception generating net incurred claims
2016 performance being energy, where further greater than £250m to the Lloyd’s
contraction was evident. market and a further three which
Gross written premium for the year generated net incurred claims of
increased to £29,862m compared This was largely due to reduced more than £100m.
with £26,690m in 2015. US dollar economic activity in the sector
denominated business continues combined with growing competitive The largest insured natural
to account for the largest share of pressure. Significant over-capacity catastrophe event was Hurricane
business at Lloyd’s. The average continued to drive pricing downward Matthew. This was the first category
exchange rate in 2016 was across most classes, notably in five Atlantic hurricane since 2007,
US$1.35: £1 compared with property, energy, marine and aviation which principally impacted the
US$1.53: £1 in 2015. The strong insurance and reinsurance lines. Caribbean, causing over 1,600
US dollar increased premiums as deaths. While Florida escaped
reported in converted sterling by The underlying accident year ratio, relatively lightly, the hurricane could
10.4%. Adjusting for the impact of excluding major claims, was 93.9% have been a real test for (re)insurers
exchange rate movements, the (2015: 94.4%). Given the general had its path moved directly over the
increase in gross written premium weakening of pricing and other high concentrations of risk in the
was 1.4%. terms and conditions, this small Florida peninsula. The other notable
improvement may seem encouraging natural catastrophe to impact the
The overall price change (taking into but must be taken in context with Lloyd’s market was the Kaikoura
account terms and conditions) on the large increase in major claims. earthquake in New Zealand.
renewal business was a decrease of
3.3%. This was broadly in line with Major claims The market’s second largest
planning assumptions. Aside from claims event was the wildfire
pricing reductions, some weakening For the Lloyd’s market, major which devastated Fort McMurray
in other terms and conditions and claims were £2,052m in 2016 in Alberta, Canada, not considered
the widening of coverage was (2015: £724m), net of reinsurance to be a natural event as investigators
evident. Year-on-year growth in and including reinstatements believe the cause was most likely
premium income in underlying payable and receivable. due to human activity. The two
other major events were the damage
to the turret of the Kwame Nkrumah
floating production storage and
Prior year reserve movement Years of account in run-off
offloading facility operating in the
Jubilee oil field off Ghana and the
% of NEP
explosion of SpaceX’s Falcon 9
2012 (7.2) 2012 8
rocket that destroyed its payload
2013 (8.0) 2013 6 AMOS-6 satellite.
2014 (8.1) 2014 4
2015 (7.9) 2015 4
2016 (5.1) 2016 6
Combined ratio
37

3.1
Market Results
2016 Highlights
Prior year movement Estimates for major catastrophe Reinsurance protection
events from recent years have also
The combined ratio has been proved to be adequate. However, The credit quality of the Lloyd’s
reduced by 5.1% (2015: 7.9%) while still favourable compared to market’s reinsurance protections
through material prior year reserve expectation, experience has been remain extremely high with more
releases. The release represents higher than in recent years and than 97% of all recoveries and
3.8% (2015: 5.5%) of net claims this will drive a reduction in the reinsurance premium ceded being
reserves brought forward at level of release. with reinsurers rated ‘A-’ and above,
1 January. or supported by collateral. While the
Concerns around the most recent Reinsurance Asset is a material
This was the twelfth successive underwriting years for Casualty consideration for Lloyd’s (equivalent
year of prior year surpluses. In each continue to be communicated to to 38% of GWP/44% of members’
of these years, the level of release the market. Over 2016 Lloyd’s has assets) it has remained stable and
has been significantly influenced by carried out a review focused on consistent with the scale of risk
actual experience. In 2016, aggregate certain Casualty sectors in order transfer and recent loss experience.
attritional claims emergence was to investigate the market’s view No negative settlement trends have
significantly below projected levels. of these in further detail. In 2017 been witnessed. Lloyd’s outward
This favourable development was Lloyd’s will continue to monitor reinsurance spend has remained
experienced across a number of reserves closely and act to ensure fairly stable (23% of GWP), but there
classes of business and years of that adequate market discipline has been a moderate increase in the
account. However some instances is being maintained in current scale of reinsurance being
of reserve strengthening have challenging market conditions, purchased. While reducing margins
been experienced, particularly on particularly on the longer-tailed on Lloyd’s inward reinsurance book
Motor business, following the classes. have been witnessed, there have
announcement of the reduction also been reductions in outward
in the Ogden discount rate in The actual level of claims payments reinsurance costs relative to the
February 2017. ultimately made compared with the exposures being ceded.
provisions held is an area of inherent
Although the contribution of prior uncertainty. Oversight of this area Result for the closed
year movement to the overall result is a key focus for Lloyd’s to ensure
year and run-off years
remains significant it does represent that the processes underlying these
of account
a reduction in release compared estimates are robust, provisions are
with recent years. The level of adequate and any release of
Under Lloyd’s three-year accounting
release is influenced by both claims provision is appropriate.
policy for final distribution of each
experience and the reserving
underwriting year of account, the
approach of the market.
2014 account reached closure at
31 December 2016. 2014 witnessed
With regard to reserving approach,
some sizeable risk losses, notably
a number of managing agents adopt
in the aviation sector. However,
prudent initial held reserves. In the
aggregate major claims and insured
absence of poor claims experience
catastrophe losses were below the
these would be expected to result
long-term average. With this lower
in future releases. Best estimate
than normal level of major claims,
reserve calculations are captured
the 2014 pure year of account was
through Solvency II reporting and
able to report a good underwriting
the level of explicit prudence has
profit. The 2014 pure year profit was
not changed over 2016.
also boosted by the addition of
38

releases from prior years totalling Investment review a backdrop of encouraging
£1,031m on the 2013 and prior economic data and improved
reinsurance to close (RITC) (2012 Investment returns were strong in company earnings led to a positive
and prior: £1,038m), which meant most markets over 2016 despite the impact on equity markets in Q4.
the year closed with an overall profit heightened level of economic
of £2,856m. uncertainty arising from key events. Overall, equity and growth assets
This was reflected in the market’s have produced strong returns with
Four years of account were in investment return of £1,345m which commodities being one of the best
run-off at the beginning of 2016. showed notable improvement on the performing assets in the year.
One of those was closed at the previous year and was also above
end of 2016. However, three the five-year average. The divergence in monetary policy
syndicates were unable to close measures implemented in the UK
their 2014 year of account at the Whilst investments finished the and US has led to mixed returns in
year end and, therefore, the number year in relatively strong positions, bond markets. Overall, returns were
of open years increased to six. 2016 was not without its sources in excess of prevailing yield levels,
of volatility. boosted by capital appreciation as
In aggregate, run-off years reported risk-free yields fell in most cases.
a deficit of £35m including Equity markets had a particularly
investment return (2015: surplus of poor start to the year but losses had Syndicate premium trust fund
£8m). This includes the risk premium already been recovered by the end assets form the largest element
required to close the run-off year of of the first quarter. The Brexit result of investment assets at Lloyd’s.
account in 2016. Overall, the 2016 took many investors by surprise at Managing agents have responsibility
result is as expected for the four the end of Q2 but Bank of England for the investment of these assets,
years of account that were in policy measures delivered the which are used to meet insurance
run-off through the year. necessary confidence to investors claims as they become payable.
and support to financial markets. The aggregate asset disposition
The results of the major classes Whilst the US election outcome was reflects the conservative investment
of business are discussed in detail not predicted, its association with policy pursued by agents. Cash and
on pages 40 to 49. expected fiscal stimulus against high quality, shorter duration, fixed
interest investments constitute
a majority share with exposure
to more volatile equity and growth
2016 combined ratio
assets tending to make up one
tenth of the whole.
Accident Prior year Calendar
year reserve year
movement
Reinsurance 102.3% (10.0)% 92.3%
Property 106.6% (3.2)% 103.4%
Casualty 102.9% (0.2)% 102.7%
Marine 108.4% (2.2)% 106.2%
Energy 106.4% (13.8)% 92.6%
Motor 108.9% 2.6% 111.5%
Aviation 106.9% (22.2)% 84.7%
Life 113.0% (2.6)% 110.4%
39

3.1
Market Results
2016 Highlights
Overall, syndicate investments Results summary Class of business
returned £810m, or 2.0% in 2016
Reinsurance – Property
(2015: £273m, 0.8%). Investments Lloyd’s reported a profit before tax
are valued at mark to market prices for the financial year of £2,107m
Property catastrophe excess of
and unrealised gains and losses are (2015: £2,122m) and a combined
loss represents the largest sector
included within reported investment ratio of 97.9% (2015: 90.0%). The
in this class. Other key sectors are
returns. Investment returns were PFFS aggregates the results of the
property facultative, property risk
solid by comparison to previous syndicate annual accounts, notional
excess, property pro rata and
years given the direction of bond investment return on funds at
agriculture and hail.
markets but exposure to equity Lloyd’s (FAL) and the Society of
and growth assets also provided Lloyd’s financial statements. The
2016 performance
an uplift. basis of preparation of the PFFS
Lloyd’s gross written premium for
is set out in note 2 on pages 55
2016 was £5,022m (2015: £4,627m),
Members’ capital is generally held to 56. The syndicate annual
an increase of 8.5%. The Lloyd’s
centrally at Lloyd’s. A proportion accounts reported an aggregate
reinsurance property class reported
of this capital is maintained in profit of £1,353m (2015: £1,950m).
an accident year ratio of 101.2%
investment assets and managed
(2015: 87.4%).
at members’ discretion. A notional
investment return on members’
Once again, property catastrophe
capital of £363m, or 1.8%
and facultative reinsurance have
(2015: £86m, 0.5%) has been
experienced a number of natural
included in the pro forma financial
catastrophe losses although none
statements (PFFS). This is based
of these events caused exceptional
on the investment disposition of
levels of damage.
the relevant assets and market
index returns. Return on this
The largest of the losses, Hurricane
pool of assets was also solid by
Matthew affecting the Bahamas,
comparison with previous years.
Florida and South Carolina, had a
greater impact on facultative
The investment return on Lloyd’s
reinsurance than treaty. The Alberta
central assets is also included in
wildfire was the largest catastrophe
the PFFS. This was £172m or 5.6%
loss to date in Canada, having a
in 2016 (2015: £43m, 1.5%). The
greater impact on treaty portfolios
investment performance of central
where Lloyd’s reinsures a number
assets is discussed on page 120.
of primary carriers. In addition,
there were a number of flood losses
in the USA, the largest of which
impacted Louisiana. Earthquakes
in Japan, New Zealand and Ecuador
contributed further to the aggregate
bill for catastrophe losses; of these
the greatest impact was from the
Kaikoura event in New Zealand.
In terms of individual risk losses
the largest loss was the Gap
warehouse fire in New York
in August.
40

Pricing for property treaty and Reinsurance – Casualty Looking ahead
facultative placements remain in With continued excess supply
decline. Although the rate of decline The largest sectors of the casualty and relatively static demand for
has slowed, there remains a surplus treaty market at Lloyd’s are non- the foreseeable future, insurers
of capacity in the market. While marine liability excess of loss and and reinsurers alike are striving to
property catastrophe reinsurance US workers compensation. offer new and alternative solutions.
prices are also falling, driven by the Cyber in particular continues to offer
availability of capacity and generally 2016 performance the most significant opportunities.
favourable loss experience, the rate Lloyd’s gross written premium for
of decline has also begun to slow 2016 was £2,096m (2015: £1,797m), Pricing continues to remain under
in some major markets. There has an increase of 16.6%. The Lloyd’s pressure in other casualty treaty
been a weakening of contractual casualty class reported an accident sectors as demand for reinsurance
exclusions including pressure to year ratio of 105.2% (2015: 103.9%). amongst some larger buyers wanes
extend the length of occurrence through increased retentions and
definitions, and a widening of 2016 performance showed adverse further consolidation in reinsurance
coverage to include, in some cases, movement against recent year loss programmes.
terrorism and cyber exposures. ratios as margins were put under
The increase in annual premium is increasing pressure. Capacity Reinsurance classes exposed to
largely driven by the strengthening remains freely available driving UK bodily injury settlements will
of the US dollar, but also reflects an increasingly competitive be impacted by the Ogden discount
an increased amount of coverage environment; nevertheless the rate change announced in February
purchased by customers. rate of pricing reduction did 2017. Motor excess of loss and to a
contract somewhat in 2016. lesser extent international casualty
Prior year movement treaty will see the impact in current
The prior year reserve movement Prior year movement year loss ratios and this is likely to
was a surplus of 9.4% (2015: 11.1%). The prior year reserve movement lead to a re-evaluation of current
Case reserves and specific was a surplus of 7.1% (2015: 3.9%). pricing levels.
provisions for catastrophes have There is particular reserving
remained stable. This has been uncertainty on casualty lines.
further bolstered by the release Lloyd’s monitoring of these
of loads held within reserves for classes continues to indicate
general catastrophe exposures. adequate provisions remain over
all prior years.
Looking ahead
With weaker pricing and wider This class contains motor excess
terms and conditions, the results of loss and so has been impacted
for 2017 are likely to deteriorate, by the change in the Ogden
making the market more sensitive discount rate announced in
to catastrophe events. In the February 2017, though overall
absence of a re-balancing of there was still a material release
capital in the sector, the pressure on prior years. The announcement
on pricing and contractual terms of the new rate was accompanied
is likely to persist through 2017. by timescales for a review in order
to assess how this is set in future;
therefore this remains an area of
uncertainty.
41

3.1
Market Results
2016 Highlights
Reinsurance – Specialty Property pressure has come to bear on
sub-limits, deductibles, and other
Marine reinsurance is the largest The property class consists coverage enhancements have
sector of the Lloyd’s specialty of a broad range of risks written been seen.
reinsurance business, followed worldwide. It is made up of
by energy and aviation. predominantly excess and surplus Results have come under pressure
lines business with a weighting through 2016, driven by rising
2016 performance in favour of the industrial and attritional losses (including some
Gross written premium by commercial sectors, binding attritional catastrophe losses in
sector was: Marine £1,127m authority business comprising the shape of a number of US
(2015: £1,051m), Energy £689m mainly non-standard commercial convective storms in the first half
(2015: £622m), Aviation £454m and residential risks, and specialist of the year). Additionally, a less
(2015: £471m) and Life £20m sectors including terrorism, power benign year in terms of larger
(2015: £25m). Lloyd’s reinsurance (electricity) generation, engineering natural catastrophe events
– Specialty reported an accident and nuclear risks. (Hurricane Matthew, Canadian
year ratio of 101.9% (2015: 106.0%). Wildfires and a number of
Business is written through the earthquake events) has resulted
There continues to be a frequency of broker network with a significant in planned combined ratios for
large facultative reinsurance losses proportion using the framework of both US and Non-US accounts on
in most specialty sectors. While cover-holders (or managing general open market and binding authority
performance in corresponding treaty agencies) and other similar business being more stressed than
classes proved largely satisfactory, delegated authority arrangements. in recent years.
marine excess of loss reinsurers
were impacted by some large cargo 2016 performance Prior year movement
and energy related losses. Lloyd’s gross written premium for The prior year reserve movement
2016 was £7,988m (2015: £6,893m), was a surplus of 3.2% (2015: 4.0%).
In most specialty sectors, capacity an increase of 15.9%. The Lloyd’s %). In line with other recent years
remained more than ample, and this property class reported an accident for this short-tailed business, there
led to further downward pressure year ratio of 106.6% (2015: 94.1%). has been generally stable or
on pricing, particularly at the marine favourable development in relation
and aviation treaty renewals. Excess capacity and increased to estimates for known losses.
competition, including that from
Prior year movement domestic markets, has continued
The prior year reserve movement to keep pricing under pressure
was a surplus of 14.2% (2015: 12.7%). during the year. Meaningful growth
This class is exposed to individual in premium income levels was
large losses though specific evident in both international open
provisions are held to cover the market business and US excess
emergence of these on more recent and surplus lines, along with US
years of account. Releases emerge binding authority business. Other
where the full quantum of these lines were largely flat or saw some
specific provisions is not required. contraction in premium levels,
although exposures did not fall.
Looking ahead The impact of competition has
With some variability from sector mainly been confined to pricing,
to sector, pricing pressure is not with contract wordings remaining
expected to abate in most of these largely unchanged. Increasingly,
reinsurance sectors. however, during the course of 2016
42

Looking ahead Casualty Prior year movement
Loss experience has been less The prior year reserve movement
benign in 2016 than in recent years, The casualty market at Lloyd’s was a surplus of 0.2% (2015: 4.4%).
and may be considered to be comprises a broad range of sectors.
broadly consistent with long term Casualty has been a particular
averages. Following sizeable The most significant are General focus for reserve oversight in 2016
reductions in pricing in recent Liability and Professional Liability. and will continue to be closely
years, 2017 is expected to see the Although shorter-tail in nature than monitored over the year ahead.
scale of price concessions diminish. most casualty lines, Accident and This focus arose as a result of
As remaining margins become less Health business is also included concerns around reserve strength
sustainable, a pricing plateau is within this sector. The US market is of more recent years, though these
expected to be reached for many the largest single market for Lloyd’s are confined to particular underlying
risks. Nevertheless, pressure is casualty followed by the United segments within the class. The
expected to continue on Kingdom, Canada and Australia. reduction in the level of release is
underwriters as brokers and clients considered appropriate as part of
seek to broaden cover further. 2016 performance ensuring the level of reserves
Lloyd’s gross written premium for remains robust in challenging
The absence of a major 2016 was £7,131m (2015: 5,764m), market conditions, rather than
catastrophe event, continued an increase of 23.7%. The Lloyd’s reflecting experience over the year.
aggressive competition, thinning casualty class reported an accident
margins and the availability of year ratio of 102.9% (2015: 104.5%). This market has been impacted by
meaningful capacity will intensify reduction of the Ogden discount
competition for accounts perceived The wider casualty market in 2016 rate in February 2017. The continuing
as carrying any above average remained replete with capacity. review into this rate adds uncertainty
margin, particularly where good This suppressed price increases, to the reserves exposed to this
risk management practices are keeping them below widely agreed- factor. This is in addition to the
demonstrated and loss experience upon claims inflation assumptions. relatively high level of inherent
has been favourable. This will leave This continuing trend is uncertainty of reserves in this
underwriters with a number of disappointing given that accident long-tailed class, particularly under
difficult decisions on existing year results are loss making. challenging market conditions.
accounts. Control of expenses and
acquisition costs are expected to Growth continues in the casualty Looking ahead
be an ongoing challenge for many lines. Some of this growth comes The casualty market’s performance
property underwriters as margins from genuinely new, innovative, is highly correlated with both
remain under pressure. business; cyber liability particularly economic and legal conditions.
stands out. These products continue Changes in the US political
to develop, addressing rapidly environment stimulating the local
evolving exposures, with many economy may result in additional
insureds being first time buyers. opportunities in the US and beyond.
Additionally there is some organic
premium growth illustrating growing Predicted increases in inflation will
prosperity as insureds experienced put additional pressure on attritional
higher turnover, wage rolls and fee loss ratios for open claims as well
income reflecting a slowly improving as future years of account.
economic environment.
Recovery from the global financial
crisis remains fragile with many
economies still vulnerable.
43

3.1
Market Results
2016 Highlights
While the legal environment varies Marine Prior year movement
across territories, many jurisdictions The prior year reserve movement
now allow ‘collective actions’ Lloyd’s is an industry leader was a surplus of 2.2% (2015: 11.2%).
with third party litigation funding of marine insurance business.
sometimes fuelling the trend. The principal sectors include hull, 2016 experience in this class has
This may lead to an increase in cargo, marine liability, fine art and been less favourable than in other
frequency and severity of claims. specie political risks and war. recent years and this is reflected
in the reduced level of release.
Regulators continue their pursuit 2016 performance The experience has not been
of corporate wrongdoing via official Lloyd’s gross written premium for outside the level expected for
investigations, increasingly holding 2016 was £2,470m (2015: £2,245m), exposures of this type and
business and industry to higher an increase of 10.0%. The Lloyd’s continues to be favourable overall.
standards of care. While positive in marine class reported an accident
many respects, this also contributes year ratio of 108.4% (2015: 105.4%). Looking ahead
to defence costs making up a larger Whilst the global economy is
portion of losses. An abundance of capacity is expected to grow, stagnant
available in marine lines of business. commodity prices offer little
The cyber liability market at Lloyd’s This contributes to an intensely prospect of a sharp improvement
continues to expand, driven by competitive and suppressed pricing in trade volumes or organic
greater demand and evolving environment especially in the larger premium growth in the short term.
legislation. Growth rates in Europe sectors of cargo and hull.
are expected to increase with the With plentiful capacity, continued
adoption of the General Data Whilst growth is evident in most pricing pressure is to be expected
Protection Regulation in April 2018. lines of business it is against a in 2017.
Lloyd’s has pioneered many of the backdrop of falling prices and
products in this class, and remains deteriorating loss ratios.
at the leading edge of product
development through providing Loss ratio performance cannot
innovative, bespoke, risk transfer be explained by an extraordinary
solutions. level of catastrophic losses,
although the satellite loss ‘Amos6’
Casualty business is expected was a sizeable, unexpected loss for
to continue to grow albeit at a the cargo market. It also remains
slower rate than in recent years. to be seen what impact the Hanjin
The market remains highly insolvency will have for lines of
competitive, with many participants business in the marine class.
seeking to expand their books,
often through delegated
underwriting arrangements.
With no lack of appetite among
insurers for casualty business,
pricing is expected to weaken
further in 2017.
44

Energy Combined, these factors led Motor
to a further reduction in the
The Lloyd’s energy class includes premium base. Lloyd’s motor market primarily
a variety of onshore and offshore covers UK private car, commercial
property and liability sectors, The onshore energy sector and fleet business. Private car
ranging from construction to continues to maintain high capacity represents around 35% of Lloyd’s
exploration, production, refining levels. While performance in the UK motor premium and includes
and distribution. class is deteriorating, competition niche motor risks. Lloyd’s
remains intense. commercial and fleet business
2016 performance is very diverse, ranging from light
Gross written premium for the Prior year movement commercial vehicles and taxis
Lloyd’s energy class in 2016 was The prior year reserve movement to buses and heavy haulage.
£1,110m (2015: £1,414m), a decrease was a surplus of 13.8% (2015:
of 21.5%. The Lloyd’s energy class 21.3%). This class continues to International motor is also written;
reported an accident year ratio of generate reserve releases across a large proportion of this is North
106.4% (2015: 97.3%). both the property and liability American risk, including private
sectors. Although large claims auto and static risks such as
The result has been affected by a experience has been higher than dealers open lot.
reduction in premium and a series some recent years in 2016 it is
of offshore energy losses from prior still lower than the expected level, 2016 performance
years, where loss estimates and and so is supporting the release. Gross written premium in 2016
reserves matured towards ultimate was £1,047m (2015: £1,120m),
levels. The energy class continued Looking ahead a decrease of 6.5%. The Lloyd’s
to suffer as a result of the Performance in the energy sector motor class reported an accident
depressed oil price, with resultant is highly correlated to the price year ratio of 108.9% (2015: 109.5%).
reduced activity in exploration and of oil. In the absence of a sustained
production. This affected income increase, the sector’s economic Underwriting conditions in the UK
negatively, counteracting the outlook will not improve. Motor market remain challenging.
benefit of a strengthening US dollar. Competition is likely to remain In order to maintain the current
intense with associated pricing performance run rate, prices paid
As elsewhere, capacity remains pressure and diminishing returns. must increase to accommodate
readily available, maintaining recent increases in Insurance
pressure in the pricing environment. However, there may be some Premium Tax, with further rises
counteraction driven by underlying expected later this year. Whiplash
The absence of any major events in results. The loss outlook is losses have seen another 5%
the Gulf of Mexico has contributed deteriorating as maturing prior increase over 2015 (RTA claims
to generally favourable results in year claims continue to affect portal data) despite Ministry
recent years. This has fuelled the performance. of Justice reforms coming into
attraction of new capacity and effect in 2016. In addition repair
greater competition. With high capacity and low activity, bills continue to rise as vehicles
conditions are not conducive to grow more sophisticated and
Price reductions through the year, growth in this class. consequently the cost of parts
while not always as great as in the and labour increase.
prior period, were nonetheless
significant. Additionally, depressed Private car premiums continue
oil prices led to producers restricting to increase, partly reflecting
exploration and production activity the growth in inflation in the
and investment in new construction. UK in the latter half of 2016.
45

3.1
Market Results
2016 Highlights
The pricing environment in the Future whiplash reforms should journalists. Also of note was the
commercial motor sector was improve attritional loss experience loss of Pakistan International
slightly more positive, with above when they are introduced in 2018 Airlines 661, a domestic flight,
inflation increases achieved but the market could see a short which crashed in December.
throughout the year. Fraudulent term increase in claim volumes from None of the 47 passengers and
claims activity remains a concern. claimant solicitors keen to take crew survived.
advantage of the existing regime.
In the aggregate, the pricing Pricing continued to decline in
environment is modestly positive, 2016, although some stabilisation
but material concerns over Aviation was evident in the final quarter, a
performance remain in both private key renewal period in the aviation
and commercial motor insurance. Lloyd’s writes across all main insurance market for many of
business sectors including airline, the world’s major airlines.
Prior year movement aerospace, general aviation, space
The motor class saw a reserve and war. Prior year movement
strengthening of 2.6% of motor The prior year reserve movement
net earned premium (2015: release Airline (hull and liability) is the was a surplus of 22.2%
of 7.5%). largest sector but Lloyd’s is also (2015: 17.3%).
actively involved in the underwriting
The reserve strengthening is a of general aviation (for example, The more stable development for
result of the UK motor insurance privately owned light aircraft, this class over 2016 is reflected
market being materially impacted helicopters and large private in the release compared to
by the change in Ogden discount corporate jets), airport liability, recent years.
rate announced in February 2017. aviation product manufacturers’
This has increased the expected liability, aviation war/terrorism and Looking ahead
value of claims on prior years and satellite launch and in-orbit risks. Taking into consideration the
continued review of the process reduction in major claims activity,
for setting the rate increases the 2016 performance the 2016 accident year loss is
uncertainty associated with future Gross written premium was £627m disappointing. While aviation safety
claims values. The incidence of (2015: £587m), an increase of 6.8%. is likely to continue to improve
claims settled as periodic payment The Lloyd’s aviation class reported incrementally, rising exposures
orders (PPOs) also affects the level an accident year ratio of 106.9% combined with further price
of uncertainty within this class, and (2015: 113.0%). reductions will inevitably lead to
this may be expected to vary as a a further growth in the percentage
result of the Ogden rate change. In comparison with recent years, level of attritional losses. Capacity
the 2016 accident year was remains readily available in all
Looking ahead relatively light in terms of major loss aviation lines. Notwithstanding
While the UK Motor insurance activity, with airline safety metrics a marked withdrawal, market
market remains highly competitive, among the best on record. Notable conditions are likely to remain
prices in both commercial and airline claims included LaMia Flight challenging with the potential
private car continue to increase. 2933 which crashed in Colombia in to deteriorate still further. In order
The Ogden discount rate change November; 71 of the 77 passengers to generate positive returns this
announced in February 2017 will and crew were lost. Passengers class requires strict adherence to
impact current year loss ratios and included the majority of the Brazilian underwriting discipline and rigorous
this and any additional reinsurance Chapecoense football squad, application to actively managing
costs are likely to lead to a re- en route to Medellin, together with the insurance portfolio.
evaluation of current pricing levels. a number of coaching staff and
46

Reinsurance
Property Gross written premium Combined ratio Underwriting result
£m % £m
2012 5,463 2012 89.8 2012 393
2013 4,930 2013 76.8 2013 846
2014 4,472 2014 77.0 2014 801
2015 4,627 2015 76.3 2015 794
2016 5,022 2016 91.8 2016 299
Casualty Gross written premium Combined ratio Underwriting result
£m % £m
2012 1,612 2012 94.5 2012 70
2013 1,698 2013 88.3 2013 165
2014 1,779 2014 87.6 2014 187
2015 1,797 2015 100.0 2015 0
2016 2,096 2016 98.1 2016 33
Specialty Gross written premium Combined ratio Underwriting result
£m % £m
2012 2,360 2012 91.1 2012 142
2013 2,349 2013 81.8 2013 310
2014 2,237 2014 86.5 2014 225
2015 2,169 2015 93.3 2015 110
2016 2,290 2016 87.7 2016 216
47

3.1
Market Results
2016 Highlights
Direct
Property Gross written premium Combined ratio Underwriting result
£m % £m
2012 5,476 2012 94.4 2012 221
2013 6,103 2013 85.0 2013 681
2014 6,274 2014 87.7 2014 558
2015 6,893 2015 90.1 2015 501
2016 7,988 2016 103.4 2016 (202)
Casualty Gross written premium Combined ratio Underwriting result
£m % £m
2012 4,543 2012 95.6 2012 152
2013 4,850 2013 98.8 2013 47
2014 4,959 2014 98.1 2014 74
2015 5,764 2015 100.1 2015 (5)
2016 7,131 2016 102.7 2016 (146)
Marine Gross written premium Combined ratio Underwriting result
£m % £m
2012 2,090 2012 99.9 2012 2
2013 2,195 2013 95.4 2013 84
2014 2,140 2014 95.2 2014 84
2015 2,245 2015 94.2 2015 108
2016 2,470 2016 106.2 2016 (129)
48

Energy Gross written premium Combined ratio Underwriting result
£m % £m
2012 1,727 2012 76.0 2012 275
2013 1,668 2013 83.0 2013 201
2014 1,532 2014 83.4 2014 181
2015 1,414 2015 76.0 2015 247
2016 1,110 2016 92.6 2016 59
Motor Gross written premium Combined ratio Underwriting result
£m % £m
2012 1,155 2012 104.0 2012 (42)
2013 1,184 2013 108.6 2013 (87)
2014 1,213 2014 106.6 2014 (71)
2015 1,120 2015 102.0 2015 (17)
2016 1,047 2016 111.5 2016 (103)
Aviation Gross written premium Combined ratio Underwriting result
£m % £m
2012 669 2012 67.7 2012 170
2013 562 2013 81.4 2013 90
2014 581 2014 102.7 2014 (10)
2015 587 2015 95.7 2015 19
2016 627 2016 84.7 2016 71
49

3.2
Market Results
Statement of Council’s Responsibilities and Report of PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP to the Council of Lloyd’s on the 2016 Pro Forma Financial Statements
Statement of Council’s responsibilities Independent reasonable assurance report to the Council
of Lloyd’s
The pro forma financial statements (PFFS) are prepared
so that the financial results of Lloyd’s and its members taken Report on the preparation of the 2016 Lloyd’s Pro Forma
together and their net assets can be compared as closely Financial Statements
as possible with general insurance companies. Conclusion
In our opinion the Council of Lloyd’s has prepared the Lloyd’s Pro
The Council of Lloyd’s is responsible for the preparation and
Forma Financial Statements (the PFFS) for the financial year
approval of the PFFS.
ended 31 December 2016, defined below, in all material respects in
The maintenance and integrity of the Lloyd’s website is the
accordance with the basis of preparation set out in note 2.
responsibility of the Council of Lloyd’s; the work carried out by
This opinion is to be read in the context of what we say in the
the auditors does not involve consideration of these matters and,
remainder of this report.
accordingly, the auditors accept no responsibility for any changes
that may have occurred to the financial statements since they What we have assured
were initially presented on the website. The PFFS, which are prepared by the Council of Lloyd’s, comprise:
Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the preparation and – A pro forma profit and loss account;
dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation – A pro forma statement of other comprehensive income;
in other jurisdictions. – A pro forma balance sheet;
– A pro forma statement of cash flows; and,
– Notes 1 to 24.
The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their
preparation is set out in note 2.
Our assurance does not extend to information in respect of earlier
periods or to any other information included in the Lloyd’s Annual
Report within which the PFFS for the year ended 31 December 2016
are included.
50

What a reasonable assurance engagement involves Responsibilities for the Pro Forma Financial Statements and
We performed a reasonable assurance engagement in the reasonable assurance engagement
accordance with International Standard on Assurance
Our responsibilities and those of the Council of Lloyd’s
Engagements 3000 (Revised) – ‘Assurance Engagements other
The Council of Lloyd’s is responsible for the preparation and
than Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information’,
approval of the PFFS in accordance with the basis of preparation
issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Board.
set out in note 2. The purpose of the PFFS is to allow the financial
We applied the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England
results of Lloyd’s and its members and their net assets taken
and Wales (ICAEW) Code of Ethics, which includes independence
together to be compared as closely as possible with the financial
and other requirements founded on fundamental principles of
reports of general insurance companies.
integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care,
Our responsibility is to express an opinion about whether the
confidentiality and professional behaviour. We apply International
preparation of the PFFS has been performed by the Council of
Standard on Quality Control (UK & Ireland) and accordingly
Lloyd’s on the basis set out in note 2.
maintain a comprehensive system of quality control including
documented policies and procedures regarding compliance This report including our conclusions has been prepared solely
with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable to the Council of Lloyd’s in accordance with our engagement letter
legal and regulatory requirements. dated 21 February 2017 (the ‘instructions’). Our examination has
been undertaken so that we might state to the Council those
The PFFS have been compiled in part from an aggregation of
matters which we are required to state in this report in accordance
financial information extracted from the balance sheet and profit
with the instructions and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent
and loss account included in syndicate annual accounts by the
permitted by law, we do not accept or assume any responsibility for
managing agent of each syndicate, which has been submitted
any other purpose or to any other person to whom this report is
to the Council of Lloyd’s and on which the auditors of each
shown or into whose hands it may come save where expressly
syndicate have reported. Our work did not involve assessing
agreed by our prior consent in writing.
the quality of those audits or performing any audit procedures
over the financial information of the syndicates. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Chartered Accountants
Our examination of the preparation of the PFFS consisted
London
principally of:
29 March 2017
– obtaining an understanding of how the Council of Lloyd’s has
compiled the PFFS from the audited syndicate annual returns
and accounts, the audited Society of Lloyd’s Group Financial
Statements and funds at Lloyd’s;
– checking (on a sample basis) that the financial information
included in the Pro Forma Financial Statements was correctly
extracted from the syndicate annual returns and accounts and
the Society of Lloyd’s Financial Statements;
– evaluating evidence to support the existence and valuation
of Funds at Lloyd’s; and
– evaluating the evidence supporting the adjustments made
in the preparation of the PFFS and obtaining evidence that the
PFFS have been prepared in accordance with the basis of
preparation set out in the PFFS notes.
The engagement also involves evaluating the overall presentation
of the PFFS. We do not consider the appropriateness of the basis
of preparation of the PFFS.
51

3.3
Market Results
Pro Forma Profit and Loss Account
(For the year ended 31 December 2016)
2016 2015
Technical account Note £m £m £m £m
Gross written premiums 9 29,862 26,690
Outward reinsurance premiums (6,796) (5,667)
Premiums written, net of reinsurance 23,066 21,023
Change in the gross provision for unearned premiums (723) (803)
Change in the provision for unearned premiums, reinsurers’ share 317 345
(406) (458)
Earned premiums, net of reinsurance 22,660 20,565
Allocated investment return transferred from the non-technical account 713 302
23,373 20,867
Claims paid
Gross amount 13,913 12,477
Reinsurers’ share (2,431) (2,846)
11,482 9,631
Change in provision for claims
Gross amount 2,861 7
Reinsurers’ share (1,356) 624
1,505 631
Claims incurred, net of reinsurance 12,987 10,262
Net operating expenses 11 9,205 8,256
Balance on the technical account for general business 1,181 2,349
Total 9 1,181 2,349
Non-technical account
Balance on the technical account for general business 1,181 2,349
Investment return on syndicate assets 810 273
Notional investment return on funds at Lloyd’s 6 363 86
Investment return on Society assets 172 43
12 1,345 402
Allocated investment return transferred to the technical account (713) (302)
632 100
Profit/(loss) on exchange 578 (70)
Other income 77 56
Other expenses (361) (313)
Result for the financial year before tax 8 2,107 2,122
All operations relate to continuing activities.
Pro Forma Statement of Comprehensive Income
(For the year ended 31 December 2016)
2016 2015
Statement of other comprehensive income Note £m £m
Profit for the year 2,107 2,122
Currency translation differences 389 68
Other comprehensive losses in the syndicate annual accounts – (1)
Remeasurement of losses on pension assets / liabilities in the Society accounts (111) (5)
Total comprehensive income for the year 8 2,385 2,184
52

3.4
Market Results
Pro Forma Balance Sheet
(As at 31 December 2016)
2016 2015
Investments Note £m £m £m £m
Financial investments 13 55,354 45,874
Deposits with ceding undertakings 20 3
Reinsurers’ share of technical provisions
Provision for unearned premiums 18 3,110 2,368
Claims outstanding 18 11,310 8,610
14,420 10,978
Debtors
Debtors arising out of direct insurance operations 14 8,881 7,081
Debtors arising out of reinsurance operations 15 5,043 4,008
Other debtors 926 763
14,850 11,852
Other assets
Tangible assets 31 32
Cash at bank and in hand 16 12,292 11,026
Other 81 42
12,404 11,100
Prepayments and accrued income
Accrued interest and rent 106 69
Deferred acquisition costs 18 4,278 3,585
Other prepayments and accrued income 170 168
4,554 3,822
Total assets 101,602 83,629
Capital, reserves, subordinated debt and securities
Members’ funds at Lloyd’s 6 21,703 17,840
Members’ balances 17 4,015 4,613
Members’ assets (held severally) 25,718 22,453
Central reserves (mutual assets) 1,996 1,763
8 27,714 24,216
Subordinated debt 2 495 494
Subordinated perpetual capital securities 2 388 388
Total capital, reserves, subordinated debt and securities 28,597 25,098
Technical provisions
Provision for unearned premiums 18 16,548 13,723
Claims outstanding 18 47,747 38,833
64,295 52,556
Deposits received from reinsurers 109 57
Creditors
Creditors arising out of direct insurance operations 20 772 615
Creditors arising out of reinsurance operations 21 4,670 3,311
Other creditors including taxation 2,415 1,451
7,857 5,377
Accruals and deferred income 744 541
Total liabilities 101,602 83,629
Approved by the Council of Lloyd’s on 29 March 2017 and signed on its behalf by
John Nelson Chairman Inga Beale Chief Executive Officer
53

3.5
Market Results
Pro Forma Statement of Cash Flows
(For the year ended 31 December 2016)
2016 2015
Note £m £m
Result on ordinary activities before tax 2,107 2,122
Increase/(decrease) in gross technical provisions 10,737 1,382
(Increase)/decrease in reinsurers’ share of gross technical provisions (3,231) (196)
(Increase)/decrease in debtors (3,538) (1,580)
Increase/(decrease) in creditors 2,540 702
Movement in other assets/liabilities (645) (265)
Investment return (1,345) (402)
Depreciation 10 10
Tax paid (48) (21)
Foreign exchange (3,563) 26
Other 2 (11)
Net cash flows from operating activities 3,026 1,767
Investing activities
Purchase of equity and debt instruments (41,931) (34,855)
Sale of equity and debt instruments 41,594 35,386
Purchase of derivatives (41) (35)
Sale of derivatives 25 23
Investment income received 779 553
Other 116 (78)
Net cash flows from investing activities 310 994
Financing activities
Net profits paid to members (2,217) (2,742)
Net capital transferred into/(out of) syndicate premium trust funds (138) 205
Interest paid on subordinated notes (53) (53)
Net movement in Funds at Lloyd’s 827 895
Other (30) 5
Net cash flows from financing activities (1,611) (1,690)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 1,725 1,071
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 12,566 11,525
Exchange differences on cash and cash equivalents 340 (30)
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December 22 14,631 12,566
54

3.6
Market Results
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
1. The Pro Forma Financial Statements A Aggregation
The PFFS have not been prepared in accordance with full
The pro forma financial statements (PFFS) are prepared so that
consolidation principles and do not present a consolidated view
the financial results of Lloyd’s and its members taken together
of the results of the Lloyd’s business taken as a single entity for
and their net assets can be compared as closely as possible with
the reasons detailed further below. However, the PFFS may be
general insurance companies.
used as a reasonable presentation of the results and state of
affairs of the Lloyd’s market on a basis that is broadly comparable
2. Basis of preparation with general insurance companies.
General The syndicates’ financial information included in the PFFS
The PFFS have been prepared by aggregating audited financial has been prepared in accordance with the recognition and
information reported in syndicate returns and annual accounts measurement requirements of UK GAAP by reference to the
(Aggregate Accounts), members’ Funds at Lloyd’s (FAL) and the accounting policies which are deemed most appropriate by the
financial statements of the Society of Lloyd’s on pages 132 to 180. managing agents. Where different accounting policies have
Having assessed the principal risks, the Council considered it been selected by managing agents in preparing syndicate
appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in annual accounts, no adjustments are made to align the bases
preparing the PFFS; the going concern and viability statement of the of recognition and measurement in the PFFS. In addition,
Society is included within the Society Report on pages 124 to 125. no adjustments are made to eliminate inter-syndicate transactions
and balances except for those relating to inter-syndicate loans
The Aggregate Accounts report the audited results for calendar
and Special Purpose Arrangements (SPA). Transactions between
year 2016 and the financial position at 31 December 2016 for all
syndicates and the Society of Lloyd’s are eliminated in the PFFS.
life and non-life syndicates which transacted business during the
These adjustments are described below:
year. The results and net assets for life syndicates are not material
and have not been separately disclosed in the profit and loss Inter-syndicate loans
account and balance sheet. The results for life business are The syndicate annual accounts report debtor and creditor
reported in the segmental analysis (note 9). The Aggregate balances for inter-syndicate loans totalling £135m (2015: £120m).
Accounts are reported as a separate document and can be viewed These amounts have been eliminated from the amounts reported
at www.lloyds.com/financialreports. In order to provide more in the balance sheet to provide a more meaningful presentation of
meaningful information in the Aggregate Accounts and PFFS, the balance sheet for users of the PFFS (note 8).
the Society has required syndicates to report certain disclosures
Special Purpose Arrangements (SPA)
presented on a consistent basis, which may vary from presentation
The Aggregate Accounts include the results and assets of the
included in the individual syndicates’ annual accounts.
SPA (see Glossary on inside back cover). Due to the nature of
The profit and loss account in the PFFS aggregates the syndicate SPA, the quota share of the host syndicate’s business is reported
results, the notional investment return on members’ capital and the as gross written premiums in both the host syndicate and SPA
results of the Society of Lloyd’s. The balance sheet in the PFFS annual accounts. This leads to an overstatement of the original
aggregates the assets and liabilities held at syndicate level, members’ premiums written by the whole Lloyd’s market. To provide users
assets held as FAL and the central resources of the Society. of the PFFS with a more meaningful presentation of the market’s
figures, all the transactions arising from the insurance contracts
The PFFS have, where practicable, been prepared in accordance
between the SPA and host syndicates have been eliminated.
with United Kingdom Accounting Standards (UK Generally Accepted
The key impact of this elimination is that gross written premium
Accounting Practice (UK GAAP)), including Financial Reporting
is reduced by £552m (2015: £790m). The elimination does not
Standard 102 (FRS 102) and the applicable Accounting Standard
affect the PFFS result or the balance due to members. All other
on insurance contracts Financial Reporting Standard 103 (FRS
inter-syndicate reinsurance arrangements are included in full.
103). In preparing the PFFS, note disclosures have been included
for those areas the Council consider material to enable the PFFS Transactions between syndicates and the Society
to depict a comprehensive view of the financial results and position – Central Fund contributions, members’ subscriptions and
of the Lloyd’s market and to enable comparison with general other market charges levied by the Society are reported as
insurance companies, with the exception of the following items: net operating expenses in the syndicate annual accounts
and as income in the Society financial statements.
– Use of the aggregation basis to prepare the PFFS;
– Notional investment return on Funds at Lloyd’s;
– The Statement of changes in equity;
– Taxation; and
– Related party transactions.
55

3.6
Market Results
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
2. Basis of preparation continued E. Related party transactions
Individual syndicates or their members do not disclose details of
– Central Fund claims and provisions to discharge the liability of
insurance and/or reinsurance transactions with other (non-related)
members where they have unpaid cash calls, and do not have
syndicates or members within the market and therefore, analysis
the resources to meet those cash calls, are reported as a profit
and/or disclosure of these transactions within the Lloyd’s market
and loss charge and balance sheet liability in the Society
in the PFFS is not possible. Other than the disclosures made in
financial statements. The Central Fund’s other income includes
note 24, a more detailed related party transaction note is therefore
recoveries from insolvent members. The syndicate annual
not included within the PFFS. The annual accounts of each
accounts for calendar year 2016 and earlier years include those
syndicate or member provide, where appropriate, the required
members’ results and at the balance sheet date will report the
disclosures on related parties. The related party transactions of the
outstanding liability within members’ balances.
Society are disclosed in note 26 on page 179 of the Society Report.
– Loans funding statutory overseas deposits are reported as
assets within the syndicate annual accounts and as liabilities Funds at Lloyd’s (FAL)
in the Society financial statements. FAL comprise the capital provided by members, which is generally
held centrally, to support their underwriting, and are the equivalent
B. Notional investment return on Funds at Lloyd’s (FAL)
of capital shown in insurance companies’ accounts. The valuation
A notional investment return on FAL has been estimated, which
of FAL has, therefore, been included in the pro forma balance sheet.
is the equivalent of insurance companies generating investment
FAL is available to meet cash calls made on the member in respect
return on the capital that they hold to support their underwriting.
of a syndicate. The assets in FAL must be readily realisable and
Where Lloyd’s is the investment manager for FAL, the actual
may include letters of credit and bank and other guarantees.
return achieved has been included. For other assets the notional
The total resources, including FAL, for members writing ongoing
investment return, net of management fees, is estimated on the
insurance must be at least equivalent to the aggregate of the
average value of FAL during the year, based on yields from indices
member’s Economic Capital Assessment (ECA) requirement and
for each type of asset held. The typical investment return on bank
certain liabilities in respect of its underwriting business. Each
deposits has been applied to FAL provided as letters of credit or
member’s ECA to support its underwriting at Lloyd’s is determined
bank guarantees. The actual return achieved on FAL investments
using Lloyd’s Solvency Capital Requirement to ultimate capital
will differ from the notional return due to individual stocks held,
setting methodology.
daily cash flows and transactional charges. Notional investment
return on FAL is reported in the non-technical account. Subordinated debt and securities
In accordance with the terms of the Society’s subordinated debt
Due to the estimation of the notional investment return, movements
and securities, the capital raised is available for payment to
in FAL recorded within the financing section of the Statement of
policyholders in advance of repayment to the note holders and is
Cash Flows is comprised of both cash and non-cash activity.
included in ‘capital, reserves and subordinated debt and securities’
C. Statement of changes in equity
in the pro forma balance sheet.
Where Lloyd’s is not the investment manager for FAL, actual
Note 21 to the Society financial statements on pages 174 to 175
changes are not available and therefore a statement of changes
provides additional information.
in equity has not been included. However, a statement of changes
in members’ balances has been included in note 17, which, along Society of Lloyd’s financial statements
with the Society’s Group statement of changes in equity (on page The PFFS include the results and net assets reported in the
135), represents the changes in equity of the other components consolidated financial statements of the Society of Lloyd’s
of the PFFS. prepared in accordance with UK GAAP, comprising the financial
statements of the Society of Lloyd’s and all its subsidiary
D. Taxation
undertakings, the Lloyd’s Central Fund and the Society’s
The PFFS report the market’s result before tax. Members are
interest in associates.
directly responsible for tax payable on their syndicate results
and investment income on FAL. For consistency, the results of the
Society are also included pre-tax in the profit and loss account.
The balance sheet in the Society financial statements includes
the Society’s own tax provision balances.
56

3. Accounting policies notes Unearned premiums
Written premiums are recognised as earned according to the
Sources of significant accounting judgements and
risk profile of the policy. Unearned premiums represent the
estimation uncertainty
proportion of premiums written in the year that relate to unexpired
The PFFS aggregates judgements, estimates and assumptions
terms of policies in force at the balance sheet date, calculated
made by managing agents in respect of syndicate balances, and
on the basis of established earnings patterns or time apportioned
the Council of Lloyd’s, in respect of the Society of Lloyd’s and
as appropriate.
Funds at Lloyd’s balances. These judgements, estimates and
assumptions affect the application of accounting policies and Outwards reinsurance premiums
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Outwards reinsurance premiums comprise the cost of reinsurance
Actual results may differ from these estimates. arrangements placed and are accounted for in the same accounting
period as the related insurance contracts. The provision for
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an
reinsurers’ share of unearned premiums represents that part of
ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised
reinsurance premium ceded which is estimated to be earned in
in the period in which the estimate is revised and in any future
following financial years.
periods affected. In particular, information about significant areas
of estimation uncertainty and critical judgements in applying Claims provisions and related recoveries
accounting policies that have the most significant effect on the Gross claims incurred comprise the estimated cost of all claims
amounts recognised in the PFFS are described in the following occurring during the year, whether reported or not, including
accounting policies: related direct and indirect claims handling costs and adjustments
to claims outstanding from previous years.
– Claims provisions and related recoveries (including provision
for outstanding claims) (see note 3A and note 18); The provision for claims outstanding is assessed on an individual
– Premiums written (estimates for premiums written under case basis and is based on the estimated ultimate cost of all claims
delegated authority agreements) (see note 3A and note 9); notified but not settled by the balance sheet date, together with
– Investments (valuations based on models and unobservable the provision for related claims handling costs. The provision also
inputs) (see note 3A and note 13); and includes the estimated cost of claims incurred but not reported
– Notional investment return on FAL (estimate based on yields (IBNR) at the balance sheet date based on statistical methods.
from indices for each type of asset held) (see note 2B, note 3B
These methods generally involve projecting from past experience
and note 6).
of the development of claims over time to form a view of the likely
ultimate claims to be experienced for more recent underwriting,
The most critical accounting estimate included within the balance
having regard to variations in the business accepted and the
sheet is the estimate for outstanding claims. The total estimate,
underlying terms and conditions. For the most recent years, where
net of reinsurers’ share, as at 31 December 2016 is £36,437m
a high degree of volatility arises from projections, estimates may
(2015: £30,223m) and is included within the pro forma
be based in part on output from rating and other models of the
balance sheet.
business accepted and assessments of underwriting conditions.
A. Aggregate accounts
The amount of salvage and subrogation recoveries is separately
General
identified and, where material, reported as an asset.
Under the Insurance Accounts Directive (Lloyd’s Syndicate and
The reinsurers’ share of provisions for claims is based on the
Aggregate Accounts) Regulations 2008, managing agents must
amounts of outstanding claims and projections for IBNR, net of
prepare the syndicate annual accounts under UK GAAP. However,
estimated irrecoverable amounts, having regard to the reinsurance
where UK GAAP permits different accounting treatments, each
programme in place for the class of business, the claims experience
managing agent is able to adopt the accounting policies it
for the year and the current security rating of the reinsurers
considers most appropriate to its syndicate. The following
involved. Statistical techniques are used to assist in making these
accounting policies are, therefore, an overview of the policies
estimates. The two most critical assumptions as regards claims
generally adopted by syndicates.
provisions are that the past is a reasonable predictor of the likely
Premiums written
level of future claims development and that the rating and other
Premiums written represent premiums on business incepting
models used for current business are fair reflections of the likely
during the year, together with adjustments for premiums written
level of ultimate claims to be incurred. The directors of each
in previous accounting periods. Premiums written are stated
syndicate’s managing agent consider that the provisions for gross
before deduction of commissions but net of taxes, duties levied
claims and related reinsurance recoveries are fairly stated on the
on premiums and other deductions.
basis of the information currently available to them.
57

3.6
Market Results
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
3. Accounting policies notes continued rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
currencies are recognised in the non-technical account.
Claims provisions and related recoveries continued
However, the ultimate liability will vary as a result of subsequent Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement
information and events, which may result in significant of transactions and from the translation at period-end exchange
adjustments to the amounts provided. Adjustments to the rates of non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
amounts of claims provisions established in prior years are foreign currencies are recognised in other comprehensive income
reflected in the financial statements for the period in which the for those items where the gain or loss is required to be recognised
adjustments are made. The methods used, and the estimates within other comprehensive income, and in the non-technical
made, are reviewed regularly. account where the gain or loss is required to be recognised
within profit or loss.
Additional information on insurance risk is disclosed in note 4.
Investments
Discounted claims provisions
Investments are stated at fair value at the balance sheet date.
Due to the long delay between the inception date of the policy
For this purpose, listed investments are stated at their bid price
and the final settlement of the claim, the outstanding claims
market value, and deposits with credit institutions and
provisions are discounted to take account of the expected
international deposits are stated at cost.
investment income receivable between inception and settlement
on the assets held to cover the provisions. Unlisted investments for which a market exists are stated at the
average price at which they are traded on the balance sheet date
Unexpired risks provision
or the last trading day before that date.
A provision for unexpired risks is made where claims and related
expenses arising after the end of the financial period in respect of Syndicate investment return
contracts concluded before that date are expected to exceed the Syndicate investment return comprises all investment income,
unearned premiums under these contracts, after the deduction of realised investment gains and losses and movements in unrealised
any acquisition costs deferred. gains and losses, net of investment expenses, charges and interest.
The provision for unexpired risks is calculated at syndicate level Realised gains and losses on investments carried at market value
by reference to classes of business which are managed together, are calculated as the difference between sale proceeds and
and may take into account relevant investment return. purchase price.
Acquisition costs Unrealised gains and losses on investments represent the
Acquisition costs, comprising commission and other costs related difference between the valuation at the balance sheet date and
to the acquisition of new insurance contracts are deferred to the their valuation at the previous balance sheet date, or purchase
extent that they are attributable to premiums unearned at the price, if acquired during the year, together with the reversal of
balance sheet date. unrealised gains and losses recognised in earlier accounting
periods in respect of investment disposals in the current period.
Foreign currencies
The Council considers that the functional currency and the Syndicate investment return is initially recorded in the non-
presentational currency of the PFFS and Aggregate Accounts technical account. A transfer is made from the non-technical
is Sterling. Notwithstanding this, a number of syndicates are now account to the general business technical account where the
using US dollar functional currency for their reporting. In the investments generating the return relate to insurance business.
context of the PFFS and Aggregate Accounts the Council views
Taxation
this to be the equivalent of a group which has different operating
Under Schedule 19 of the Finance Act 1993, managing agents are
units with a mix of functional currencies.
not required to deduct basic rate income tax from trading income.
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional In addition, all UK basic rate income tax deducted from syndicate
currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the investment income is recoverable by managing agents and
transactions, or the average rate may be used when this is a consequently the distribution made to members or their members’
reasonable approximation. agents is gross of tax. Capital appreciation falls within trading
income and is also distributed gross of tax.
At each period end foreign currency monetary items are
translated using the closing rate. For this purpose all assets and No provision has been made for any United States Federal Income
liabilities arising from insurance contracts (including unearned Tax payable on underwriting results or investment earnings. Any
premiums, deferred acquisition costs and unexpired risks payments on account made by the syndicate during the year are
provisions) are monetary items. included in the balance sheet under the heading ‘other debtors’.
No provision has been made for any international tax payable by
Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement
members on underwriting results.
of transactions and from the translation at period-end exchange
58

Operating expenses C. Society of Lloyd’s
Operating expenses (including pension and other staff costs) The accounting policies adopted in the Society of Lloyd’s financial
have been charged to the syndicates in accordance with the statements are set out on pages 137 to 142. No adjustments have
policies adopted by the managing agents. been made to the information incorporated into the PFFS as the
Council do not consider there to be any material accounting policy
Profit commission
differences between the existing IFRS accounting policies and the
Where profit commission is charged by the managing agent it will
recognition and measurement requirements of UK GAAP.
normally be fully paid once the appropriate year of account closes,
normally at 36 months. The profit commission is accrued in the
profit and loss account in accordance with the earned profit.
4. Risk management
Managing agents may make payments on account of their
Governance framework
anticipated profit commission from the syndicate premiums trust
The following Governance structure relates to the Society of
funds prior to the closure of a year of account where they have
Lloyd’s as a whole, as the preparer of the PFFS. Individual
transferred open year surpluses (interim profits) from the syndicate
syndicates will report in their syndicate annual accounts the
level premiums trust funds to the members’ personal reserve fund.
governance structure applied to them by their managing agents.
Any payments on account of such commission are restricted to the
An Act of Parliament, the Lloyd’s Act 1982, defines the governance
profit commission expensed in the profit and loss account in striking
structure and rules under which Lloyd’s operates. Under the Act,
the level of interim profits declared and subsequently released.
the Council of Lloyd’s is responsible for the management and
Cash at bank and in hand
supervision of the market. Lloyd’s is regulated by the Prudential
Cash at bank and in hand includes cash in hand, deposits held at
Regulatory Authority (PRA) and Financial Conduct Authority
call with banks, other short-term highly liquid investments with
(FCA) under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000.
original maturities of three months or less and bank overdrafts.
The Council normally has six working, six external and six
Bank overdrafts, when applicable, are shown within borrowings
nominated members. The working and external members are
in current liabilities.
elected by Lloyd’s members. The Chairman and Deputy Chairmen
Comparative disclosures
are elected annually by the Council from among its members.
Certain comparative balances have been reclassified to be
All members are approved by the PRA.
consistent with current year presentation.
The Council can discharge some of its functions directly by
B. Funds at Lloyd’s (FAL)
making decisions and issuing resolutions, requirements, rules and
FAL is valued in accordance with their market value at the year
byelaws. Other decisions are delegated to the Franchise Board
end, and using year end exchange rates. Investments are stated
and associated committees.
at fair value at the balance sheet date. For this purpose, listed
The Franchise Board is responsible for the day-to-day management
investments are stated at their bid price market value, and deposits
of the Lloyd’s market. It lays down guidelines for all syndicates and
with credit institutions and international deposits are stated at
operates a business planning and monitoring process to safeguard
cost. Unlisted investments for which a market exists are stated at
high standards of underwriting and risk management, thereby
the average price at which they are traded on the balance sheet
improving sustainable profitability and enhancing the financial
date or the last trading day before that date. Letters of credit are
strength of the market.
stated at the amount guaranteed by the issuing credit institution.
The principal committees of the Council are the nominations
As disclosed in the basis of preparation a notional investment
committee, the remuneration committee and the audit committee.
return on FAL is estimated, which is recognised in the non-
technical account. The principal committees of the Franchise Board are the risk
committee, the market supervision and review committee, the
Members that only participate on one syndicate may hold the
capacity transfer panel and the investment committee.
capital supporting their underwriting in their syndicate’s premium
trust funds. Where a member takes advantage of this facility, the Capital management objectives, policies and approach
capital held in the premium trust fund is reported within members’ Capital framework at Lloyd’s
balances and the investment return retained within the non- The Society of Lloyd’s (Lloyd’s) is a regulated undertaking and
technical account. subject to the supervision of the Prudential Regulatory Authority
(PRA) under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. Within
this supervisory framework, Lloyd’s applies capital requirements
at member level and centrally to ensure that Lloyd’s complies with
Solvency II, and beyond that to meet its own financial strength,
licence and ratings objectives.
59

3.6
Market Results
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
4. Risk management continued The material risk is that members do not have sufficient funds to
meet their underwriting losses even having complied with Lloyd’s
Capital framework at Lloyd’s continued
rigorous capital setting rules.
Although, as described below, Lloyd’s capital setting processes
use a capital requirement set at syndicate level as a starting Individual syndicates are also required to calculate a SCR,
point, the requirement to meet Solvency II and Lloyd’s capital at a 99.5% confidence level over a one year horizon, for each
requirements apply at overall and member level only respectively, underwriting year; this drives the determination of member level
not at syndicate level. Accordingly the capital requirements in SCRs. Each member’s SCR is derived as the sum of the member’s
respect of individual syndicates are not disclosed in these share of the syndicate’s one year SCR. Where a member
financial statements. participates on more than one syndicate, a credit for
diversification is provided to reflect the spread of risk.
Lloyd’s capital setting process
In order to meet Lloyd’s requirements, each syndicate is required The MWSCR and CSCR are derived from the Lloyd’s Internal
to calculate its Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) for the Model (LIM) which has been approved by the PRA. Individual
prospective underwriting year. This amount must be sufficient to syndicates also derive SCRs from their own internal models which
cover a 1 in 200 year loss, reflecting uncertainty in the ultimate are subject to approval by the Lloyd’s Capital and Planning Group.
run-off of underwriting liabilities (SCR ‘to ultimate’). The SCRs of The appropriateness of each syndicate’s internal model, including
each syndicate are subject to review by Lloyd’s and approval by changes thereto and the reasonableness of the key assumptions
the Lloyd’s Capital and Planning Group. are assessed as part of the Corporation of Lloyd’s oversight of the
Lloyd’s market.
A syndicate may be comprised of one or more underwriting
members of Lloyd’s. Each member is liable for its own share The Lloyd’s Internal Model
of underwriting liabilities on the syndicate(s) on which it is The LIM is a purpose built model designed to calculate the MWSCR
participating but not other members’ shares. Accordingly, the and CSCR as required under Solvency II. It covers all risk types
capital requirement that Lloyd’s sets for each member operates and all material risks for the aggregation of syndicates as well as
on a several basis. Each member’s SCR shall thus be determined for the Corporation, allowing for the unique capital structure of
by the sum of the member’s share of the syndicate SCR ‘to Lloyd’s. The LIM consists of three main components: the Lloyd’s
ultimate’. Where a member participates on more than one Investment Risk Model (LIRM) which simulates economic variables
syndicate, a credit for diversification is provided to reflect the and total assets returns; the Lloyd’s Catastrophe Model (LCM)
spread of risk, but consistent with determining an SCR which which models catastrophe risk using syndicates’ views of risk;
reflects the capital requirement to cover a 1 in 200 year loss and the Capital Calculation Kernel (CCK) which is the main
‘to ultimate’ for that member. Over and above this, Lloyd’s applies element of the LIM where all other risks are simulated and all
a capital uplift to the member’s capital requirement to determine risks are combined.
the Economic Capital Assessment (ECA). The purpose of this
Syndicates calculate their own SCR however the market wide
uplift, which is a Lloyd’s not a Solvency II requirement, is to meet
and central capital requirements are derived from Lloyd’s
Lloyd’s financial strength, license and ratings objectives. The capital
parameterisation at a whole market level to build a view of total
uplift applied for 2016 was 35% of the member’s SCR ‘to ultimate’.
market capital requirements from the ground up using market
Solvency Capital Requirement (Solvency II basis) level assumptions. The LIM uses a methodology whereby losses
The Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) represents the amount from insurance and other risks are simulated by class of business,
of capital required to withstand a 1 in 200 year loss event over a allocated to syndicates and through to members to assess the
12 month horizon. Given Lloyd’s unique structure there are two level of capital required by the market and centrally to meet
SCRs which are monitored under the Solvency II regime: 1 in 200 year losses over the one year time horizon.
The Lloyd’s market wide SCR (MWSCR) is calculated to cover all Syndicates are the source of the majority of risks. They source all
of the risks of ‘the association of underwriters known as Lloyd’s’, of the insurance business; manage the bulk of the asset portfolios;
i.e. those arising on syndicate activity, members’ capital provided hold the majority of the counterparty exposures; and conduct
at Lloyd’s and the Society taken together, at a 99.5% confidence most of the day-to-day operational activity. The syndicate risks
level over a one year time horizon as provided for in Solvency II include: Insurance risk (underwriting, reserving and catastrophe
legislation. All of the capital of the component parts of the market risk); Market risk on central assets; Market risk on syndicate
taken together are available to meet the MWSCR. assets (including credit risk on Premiums Trust Funds (PTF));
Reinsurance and other credit risk; and Syndicate operational risk.
The Lloyd’s central SCR (CSCR) is calculated in respect of only
At the Central level, additional risks arise from central operational
the risks facing the Society and the Central Fund at the same
risk and pension fund risk.
confidence level and time horizon used to calculate the MWSCR.
60

Details of the major risk components are set out below. expected. This will not necessarily translate to all syndicates.
There are currently few specific reserving issues and the main
Insurance risk
perceived risks relate to macro influences such as inflation or
The dominant category of risk faced by Lloyd’s syndicates
changes in legislation, or prescribed levels of payout. Lloyd’s
is insurance risk. This is the risk arising from the inherent
analyses reserve developments at class and syndicate levels
uncertainties as to the occurrence, amount and timing
quarterly; and briefs the market on issues it considers need to
of insurance liabilities. In practice, insurance risk can be
be taken into account.
subdivided into:
Case-specific claim reserves should make financial provision
(i) underwriting risk;
at reported loss levels, without prejudice to coverage.
(ii) reserving risk; and
(iii) catastrophe risk. Legal advisers’, underwriters’ and loss adjusters’ judgement
are used to set the estimated case reserves.
Underwriting risk
This includes the risk that a policy will be written for too low a Reserving processes use a variety of statistical analyses such as
premium, provide inappropriate cover, or that the frequency or projections of historical loss development patterns, with results
severity of insured events will be higher than expected. adjusted for expert judgement. Lloyd’s syndicates have significant
exposure to volatile classes of business which carry material
Underwriting strategy is agreed by the board of each managing
inherent risk that the ultimate claims settlement will vary from
agent and set out in the syndicate business plan that is submitted
previous assessments of reserves.
to the Corporation for approval each year. Approval of business
plans – and setting the capital requirements needed to support Syndicates’ reserves are annually subject to a formal independent
these plans – is the key control the Corporation uses to manage actuarial opinion and are monitored by the Corporation. The
underwriting risk. actuarial opinions are covered by a combination of formal Actuarial
Professional Standards and specific Lloyd’s guidance and rules.
The Corporation reviews each syndicate business plan to ensure
it meets Lloyd’s standards and is consistent with the capabilities Credit risk
of the managing agent. Once a plan is agreed, the Corporation The market’s principal credit risk is that the reinsurance
uses performance management data to identify whether each purchased to protect the syndicate’s gross losses does not
syndicate’s business performance is progressing in line with the respond as expected. This can occur because the reinsurer
business plan or that variations are understood and accepted. is unable to settle its liabilities. Managing agents are expected
to have a clear and comprehensive plan for the reinsurance of
The managing agents’ underwriting controls should ensure that
each syndicate. This takes into account risk appetite for retained
underwriting is aligned with their strategy, agreed business plan
insurance risk and the potential for the accumulation of risk.
and underwriting policy.
The managing agent should monitor and assess the security of,
Managing agents are expected to have controls in place to ensure
and exposure to, each reinsurer and intermediary. Reinsurance
that regulatory requirements and the scope of Lloyd’s market
credit risk is subject to quarterly review by Lloyd’s.
licences are clearly understood and that risks are written within
those requirements. Catastrophe risk
Catastrophe risk is the risk of loss occurring across all lines of
Managing agents need to have clear processes for pricing
business from worldwide natural catastrophe events. Managing
business and an audit trail to show how pricing will deliver the
agents may use catastrophe modelling software, where
projected results within the approved business plan and how
appropriate, to monitor aggregate exposure to catastrophe
pricing will be managed over the relevant underwriting cycle.
losses. The Corporation has developed a suite of Realistic
Reserving risk
Disaster Scenarios to measure syndicate level and aggregate
Reserving risk arises where the reserves established in the
market exposure to both natural catastrophes and man-made
balance sheet are not adequate to meet eventual claims arising.
losses. These are monitored frequently and syndicates supply
The level of uncertainty varies significantly from class to class
projected probabilistic exceedance forecasts for Lloyd’s key
but can arise from inadequate reserves for known or Incurred
exposures with their capital and business plans. Further
But Not Reported Claims (IBNR). These shortfalls can arise from
enhancements to the monitoring and oversight of aggregate
inadequate reserving processes or from the naturally uncertain
market catastrophe risk exposure have been implemented within
progress of insurance events.
the approved internal model under Solvency II.
Lloyd’s current level of aggregate market reserves remains robust
and the continued level of overall reserve releases are supported
by underlying claims experience being more favourable than
61

3.6
Market Results
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
4. Risk management continued
Lloyd’s MWSCR
The MWSCR is broken down into the various risk components at 1 January 2016 (implementation date of Solvency II) and at
31 December 2016 as shown below.
31 December 1 January
2016* 2016*
SCR SCR
£m £m
Reserving risk 3,421 3,117
All other (attritional) underwriting risk 6,008 4,975
Catastrophe risk 5,129 3,574
Market risk 293 675
Reinsurance credit risk 885 666
Operational risk 645 590
Pension risk 23 22
MWSCR before adjustments 16,404 13,619
Foreign exchange adjustment for movement in H2 2016 (H2 2015) 796 531
MWSCR 17,200 14,150
Solvency Capital Requirement coverage
Coverage of the MWSCR and CSCR is an ongoing and continuous requirement and Lloyd’s reports the results of its solvency test –
i.e. the amount of the MWSCR, eligible assets to cover it and the solvency ratio – on a quarterly basis to the PRA. Lloyd’s solvency
coverage at 1 January and 31 December 2016 are set out below.
Lloyd’s MWSCR
146% Total solvency assets
1 January 2016* £14,150m £6,512m £2,878m £23,540m
31 December 2016* £17,200m £7,607m £1,946m £26,753m
144%
Solvency Cover Ratio % 0 50 100 150 200 250
SCR Eligible assets in excess of the SCR Ineligible assets
Lloyd’s CSCR
Total solvency assets
1 January 2016* £1,450m £1,712m 218% £3,162m
31 December 2016* £1,600m £1,869m 217% £3,469m
Solvency Cover Ratio % 0 50 100 150 200 250 300
SCR Eligible assets in excess of the SCR
* Represents the position based on the unaudited solvency returns, which may differ from the final audited 2016 submissions.
In addition to the quarterly reporting to the PRA, internal risk appetites have been set to monitor the coverage of the MWSCR and CSCR
as part of the risk management framework in place at the Corporation of Lloyd’s. During 2016, the solvency coverage ratios for both the
MWSCR and the CSCR were in excess of internal risk appetites and regulatory requirements.
– MWSCR: The Society aims to hold capital sufficient to provide financial security to policyholders and capital efficiency to investors
(or ‘members’). Members are required to put up funds to meet their ECA, which is set as their SCR (on an ultimate view of risk) plus
an uplift of 35%. Lloyd’s does not require excess capital to be held above this level and considers that the risk appetite of 125% of
SCR gives an appropriate buffer following diversification benefits. In the event that the capital put up by a member falls below their
ECA through losses incurred or an increase in their risk profile, additional funds must be deposited. If members do not recapitalise,
their authority to continue to trade is restricted to the level of their available capital or ultimately fully withdrawn and they cease
trading. Such action would then reduce their risk and the aggregate MWSCR.
62

– CSCR: All policies written at Lloyd’s are supported by central assets, which underpin the financial strength ratings of the Lloyd’s
market and its international licence network. Accordingly, the risk appetite for 200% CSCR coverage reflects the prudent approach
to maintaining adequate central assets to meet a 1 in 200 year event and be in position to continue to write new business.
MWSCR CSCR
31 December 2016 coverage coverage
Solvency cover ratio* 144% 217%
Risk appetite for solvency cover ratio 125% 200%
* Based on the unaudited solvency returns.
Assets eligible for solvency
The assets of the syndicates, members FAL and the Society of Lloyd’s all contribute towards coverage of the MWSCR, after
adjustments to value items in accordance with Solvency II valuation principles. The Society of Lloyd’s assets and callable layer, in the
chain of security, are available to cover the central SCR.
The eligibility of assets to cover the SCR under Solvency II is determined by a tiering test. Tier 1 assets are fully available to cover the
SCR whilst Tier 2 and Tier 3 assets in aggregate can cover up to 50% of the SCR. The majority of the assets available to cover the
MWSCR are Tier 1 however a proportion of members’ FAL is provided in the form of Letters of Credit (LOCs) which are classed as
Tier 2 assets, restricting their ability to cover the MWSCR and resulting in a lower solvency cover ratio. These LOCS are callable on
demand and when called, the proceeds, namely cash, would qualify as Tier 1 assets. Under these circumstances, the amounts
previously restricted would become fully eligible.
Lloyd’s MWSCR
£m
30,000 883* (532) (1,312)
54 (1,946)
1,996* 24,807
20,000
10,492 8,600
10,000
25,718* 16,207 16,207
0
Members assets Solvency valuation Net profits to be Tier 1 Deduction for Assets eligible
Central assets adjustments distributed Tier 2 ineligible Tier 2 and 3 for solvency
Subordinated debt Tier 3
Lloyd’s CSCR
£m
4,000
3,469
54
590 535
3,000
883*
2,000
1,000
1,996* 2,880
0
Central assets Solvency valuation Tier 1
Subordinated debt adjustments Tier 2
Tier 3
Assets eligible
for solvency
* Per 31 December 2016 balance sheet. Other amounts represent the position based on the unaudited solvency returns, which may differ from the final audited
2016 submissions.
63

3.6
Market Results
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
4. Risk management continued
Claims development table
The tables below illustrate the development of the estimates of earned ultimate cumulative claims for syndicates in aggregate after the
end of the underwriting year, illustrating how amounts estimated have changed from the first estimates made. Non-sterling balances
have been converted using average 2016 exchange rates to aid comparability. As these tables are on an underwriting year basis there is
an apparent jump from figures for the end of the underwriting year to one year later as a large proportion of premiums are earned in the
year of account’s second year of development.
Advantage has been taken of the transitional rules of FRS 103 that permit the stepped increase in disclosure of claims development
information. The claims development information disclosed will be increased from six years to 10 years over the period 2017–2020.
Gross
2010
and
prior years 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 Total
Underwriting year £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
At end of underwriting year 10,593 9,276 7,945 8,186 8,122 9,286
One year later 17,476 15,242 15,061 15,587 16,710
Two years later 17,760 15,534 15,276 16,664
Three years later 17,521 15,371 14,955
Four years later 17,621 15,390
Five years later 17,479
Cumulative payments (14,547) (11,559) (10,147) (8,727) (5,709) (1,383)
Estimated balance to pay 9,335 2,932 3,831 4,808 7,937 11,001 7,903 47,747
Net
2010
and
prior years 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 Total
Underwriting year £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
At end of underwriting year 8,524 7,216 6,704 6,832 6,644 7,332
One year later 14,067 12,346 12,555 12,955 13,578
Two years later 14,170 12,533 12,734 13,606
Three years later 13,767 12,303 12,391
Four years later 13,720 12,219
Five years later 13,450
Cumulative payments (11,348) (9,270) (8,552) (7,524) (4,812) (1,194)
Estimated balance to pay 6,561 2,102 2,949 3,839 6,082 8,766 6,138 36,437
64

Financial risk
Credit risk
Credit risk is the exposure to loss if a counterparty fails to perform its contractual obligations.
As discussed under ‘Insurance risk-Credit risk’, the market’s principal credit risk is that the reinsurance purchased to protect the
syndicate’s gross losses does not respond as expected. Syndicates are also exposed to credit risk in their premium debtors.
Credit risk in respect of premium debt is controlled through broker approval and regular monitoring of premium settlement performance.
Syndicates and members are exposed to credit risks in their investment portfolios. PRA and Lloyd’s investment guidelines are designed
to mitigate credit risk by ensuring diversification of holdings.
The carrying amount of financial assets and reinsurance assets represents the maximum credit risk exposure.
The tables below show the maximum exposure to credit risk for the components of the balance sheet. The maximum exposure is
shown gross, before the effect of mitigation through collateral agreements and the use of credit derivatives.
Neither past
due nor
impaired Past due Impaired Total
2016 £m £m £m £m
Debt securities 38,213 – 3 38,216
Participation in investment pools 1,863 – – 1,863
Loans with credit institutions 904 – – 904
Deposits with credit institutions 5,115 – – 5,115
Derivative assets 56 – – 56
Other investments 67 – – 67
Reinsurers’ share of claims outstanding 11,289 21 – 11,310
Cash at bank and in hand, including Letters of Credit and bank guarantees 12,292 – – 12,292
Total 69,799 21 3 69,823
Neither past
due nor
impaired Past due Impaired Total
2015 £m £m £m £m
Debt securities 33,073 – 4 33,077
Participation in investment pools 1,203 – – 1,203
Loans with credit institutions 471 – – 471
Deposits with credit institutions 4,109 – – 4,109
Derivative assets 45 – – 45
Other investments 61 – – 61
Reinsurers’ share of claims outstanding 8,604 6 – 8,610
Cash at bank and in hand, including Letters of Credit and bank guarantees 11,026 – – 11,026
Total 58,592 6 4 58,602
In aggregate there are no financial assets that would be past due or impaired whose terms have been renegotiated held by syndicates,
the Society or within FAL.
In aggregate there were no material debt and fixed income assets held that were past due or impaired beyond their reported fair values,
either for the current period under review or on a cumulative basis. For the current period and prior period, in aggregate there were no
material defaults on debt securities.
Assets held as collateral comprise cash and debt securities received as collateral against reinsurance assets transferred from
syndicates’ reinsurers.
65

3.6
Market Results
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
4. Risk management continued
Financial risk
Credit risk continued
The table below provides information regarding the credit risk exposure at 31 December 2016 by classifying assets according to the
credit ratings of the counterparties. AAA is the highest possible rating. Assets that fall outside the range of AAA to BBB are classified as
other. Debtors, other than amounts due from reinsurers, have been excluded from the table as these are not rated. This table is the sum
of assets neither past due nor impaired.
Rated Rated Rated Rated
AAA AA A BBB Other Total
2016 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Debt securities 10,168 11,473 9,377 4,352 2,843 38,213
Participation in investment pools 360 127 108 6 1,262 1,863
Loans with credit institutions 164 209 102 18 411 904
Deposits with credit institutions 1,462 644 394 221 2,394 5,115
Derivative assets – 5 12 1 38 56
Other investments 6 11 29 – 21 67
Reinsurers’ share of claims outstanding 126 3,185 7,032 60 886 11,289
Cash at bank and in hand 152 1,775 9,333 654 378 12,292
Total credit risk 12,438 17,429 26,387 5,312 8,233 69,799
Rated Rated Rated Rated
AAA AA A BBB Other Total
2015 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Debt securities 10,742 9,777 7,438 3,375 1,741 33,073
Participation in investment pools 243 20 20 3 917 1,203
Loans with credit institutions 281 47 4 28 111 471
Deposits with credit institutions 1,498 634 501 236 1,240 4,109
Derivative assets 3 – 12 – 30 45
Other investments 1 – 23 – 37 61
Reinsurers’ share of claims outstanding 154 2,650 4,980 40 780 8,604
Cash at bank and in hand 576 1,419 8,303 378 350 11,026
Total credit risk 13,498 14,547 21,281 4,060 5,206 58,592
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk arises where there are insufficient funds to meet liabilities, particularly claims. Managing agents are expected to manage
the cash needs of their syndicates on an ongoing basis and to avoid becoming forced sellers of assets. They are required to match the
duration of their syndicates’ investments with the liabilities to policyholders. Generally syndicates have a high concentration of liquid
assets, namely cash and government securities.
Lloyd’s centrally monitors syndicate liquidity both in terms of asset mix and future funding needs and conducts stress tests to monitor
the impact on liquidity of significant claims events.
66

The table below summarises the maturity profile of financial liabilities for the market.
No stated
maturity 0-1yr 1-3yr 3-5yr >5yrs Total
2016 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Claims outstanding 31 15,192 16,704 7,638 8,182 47,747
Derivatives – 69 4 – 3 76
Deposits received from reinsurers 64 31 13 1 – 109
Provisions for other risks and charges 1 – – – – 1
Creditors 1,418 5,682 609 160 794 8,663
Other creditors – 16 – – – 16
Total 1,514 20,990 17,330 7,799 8,979 56,612
No stated
maturity 0-1yr 1-3yr 3-5yr >5yrs Total
2015 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Claims outstanding 1 12,283 13,302 6,320 6,927 38,833
Derivatives – 36 – – 2 38
Deposits received from reinsurers 37 19 1 – – 57
Provisions for other risks and charges 1 – – – – 1
Creditors 899 4,200 360 126 635 6,220
Other creditors 2 43 26 1 – 72
Total 940 16,581 13,689 6,447 7,564 45,221
Market risk – Overview
Market risk is the risk that the value of financial instruments will fluctuate because of movements in foreign currency, interest rates or
asset values. Syndicate assets are held in premium trust funds and are subject to the asset rules contained in the PRA’s handbook.
Managing agents manage asset risk through their investment strategy.
There is greater oversight of market risk in light of the volatile economic climate, which includes the monitoring of Investment
Management Minimum Standards. The Lloyd’s Financial Risk Committee monitors assets across the full Chain of Security to ensure
the asset disposition of the market and Corporation remains appropriate, closely monitoring global economic and market trends.
The potential financial impact of changes in market value is additionally monitored through the capital setting process, and asset mix
must be reported to Lloyd’s on a quarterly basis, including credit rating analysis of fixed income portfolios.
Market risk comprises three types of risk:
(a) currency risk;
(b) interest rate risk; and
(c) equity price risk.
67

3.6
Market Results
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
4. Risk management continued
Currency risk
Managing agents must identify the main currencies in which each syndicate transacts its business. For the market overall, the US dollar
is the largest currency exposure. Assets are then held in each of those currencies to match the relevant liabilities. Managing agents
must ensure that assets match liabilities and take corrective action where a mismatch arises. Lloyd’s also reviews the matching of
assets to liabilities at the syndicate level as well as at the market level. In addition, many members seek to match their capital disposition
by currency against their peak exposures. At 31 December 2016, 69% (2015: 63%) of all capital deployed at Lloyd’s was provided in
US dollars.
The profile of the aggregate of the Lloyd’s market assets and liabilities, categorised by currency at their translated carrying amounts
was as follows:
Sterling US Dollar Euro CAD Australian $ Other Total
2016 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
Financial investments 9,509 36,373 2,656 4,717 1,508 591 55,354
Reinsurers’ share of technical provisions 3,108 9,585 755 654 209 109 14,420
Insurance and reinsurance receivables 2,424 9,958 739 451 199 153 13,924
Cash at bank and in hand 4,399 6,369 826 190 194 314 12,292
Other assets 1,663 3,250 540 246 78 (165) 5,612
Total assets 21,103 65,535 5,516 6,258 2,188 1,002 101,602
Technical provisions 12,922 40,578 4,854 3,627 1,508 806 64,295
Insurance and reinsurance payables 1,029 3,769 274 250 65 55 5,442
Other creditors 2,038 2,060 (16) 135 18 (84) 4,151
Total liabilities 15,989 46,407 5,112 4,012 1,591 777 73,888
Total capital and reserves 5,114 19,128 404 2,246 597 225 27,714
Sterling US Dollar Euro CAD Australian $ Other Total
2015 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
Financial investments 9,662 28,605 2,801 3,162 1,207 437 45,874
Reinsurers’ share of technical provisions 2,938 6,905 564 347 136 88 10,978
Insurance and reinsurance receivables 2,457 7,435 623 302 200 72 11,089
Cash at bank and in hand 4,667 5,421 427 138 84 289 11,026
Other assets 1,292 2,682 415 160 51 62 4,662
Total assets 21,016 51,048 4,830 4,109 1,678 948 83,629
Technical provisions 12,535 32,167 3,940 2,350 1,096 468 52,556
Insurance and reinsurance payables 915 2,566 226 131 40 48 3,926
Other creditors 1,717 978 128 87 32 (11) 2,931
Total liabilities 15,167 35,711 4,294 2,568 1,168 505 59,413
Total capital and reserves 5,849 15,337 536 1,541 510 443 24,216
68

Sensitivity analysis
A 10% strengthening or weakening of the Pound sterling against the following currencies at 31 December would have increased/
(decreased) profit and members balances for the financial year by the amounts shown below. This analysis assumes that all other
variables, in particular interest rates, remain constant.
Impact on Impact on
profit members’
before tax balances
2016 £m £m
Strengthening of US Dollar 342 1,922
Weakening of US Dollar (280) (1,572)
Strengthening of Euro (15) 49
Weakening of Euro 13 (40)
Impact on Impact on
profit members’
before tax balances
2015 £m £m
Strengthening of US Dollar 340 1,487
Weakening of US Dollar (278) (1,271)
Strengthening of Euro 16 63
Weakening of Euro (13) (52)
The impact on profit before tax is different to the impact on members’ balance as the calculation of the notional return on FAL is not
affected by currency movements.
Financial risk – Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that the value and future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in interest
rates. Lloyd’s operates a generally conservative investment strategy with material cash and short dated bonds portfolios, which reduces
the interest rate risk exposure.
The analysis below is performed for reasonably possible movements in interest rates with all other variables held constant, showing the
impact on profit before tax and equity of the effects of changes in interest rates.
Impact on Impact on
profit members’
before tax balances
2016 £m £m
+ 50 basis points (406) (502)
- 50 basis points 408 504
Impact on Impact on
profit members’
before tax balances
2015 £m £m
+ 50 basis points (298) (369)
- 50 basis points 301 372
69

3.6
Market Results
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
4. Risk management continued
Financial risk – Equity price risk
Equity price risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market
prices (other than those arising from interest rate risk or currency risk), whether those changes are caused by factors specific to the
individual financial instrument or its issuer, or factors affecting all similar financial instruments traded in the market.
Equity price risk exposure relates to financial assets and financial liabilities whose values will fluctuate as a result of changes in market
prices, principally investment securities.
Such risks are managed by setting and monitoring objectives and constraints on investments, diversification plans and limits on
investments in each sector and market.
In aggregate there is no significant concentration of equity price risk.
The analysis below is performed for reasonably possible movements in market indices on financial instruments with all other variables
held constant, showing the impact on profit before tax due to changes in fair value of financial assets and liabilities (whose fair values are
recorded in the profit and loss account) and members’ balances (that reflects adjustments to profit before tax and changes in fair value
of available for sale financial assets that are equity instruments).
Impact on Impact on
profit members’
before tax balances
2016 £m £m
5% increase in equity markets 106 251
5% decrease in equity markets (106) (251)
Impact on Impact on
profit members’
before tax balances
2015 £m £m
5% increase in equity markets 94 174
5% decrease in equity markets (95) (175)
Concentration risk
Lloyd’s closely monitors concentrations of risk across the market and tests risk exposure against clearly defined risk appetites as
established by the Franchise Board. Specialist supervisory teams across Lloyd’s monitor concentrations across the following areas:
region-perils, class of business, geographical location, method of distribution in insurance and investment counterparties, amongst others.
Whilst syndicates define the type of business that they write, at the market level Lloyd’s seek to avoid inappropriate concentration
of premium sources, monitoring concentration of business in poorly performing classes, material sources of premium by method of
placement as well as coverholder concentration, which feature in metrics reported quarterly to the Franchise Board. Managing agents
controlling more than 10% of overall market gross written premium are also subject to Franchise Board review. Any reported metrics
outside of appetite are reported to and discussed by the Risk Committee and Franchise Board. Specific and targeted actions can then
be agreed, which will be discussed with specific managing agents or the market as a whole, as appropriate. These actions can vary
considerably depending on the nature of the risk or the class of business impacted, with different levels of the requirements placed
on syndicates, which forms part of Lloyd’s oversight role of the market.
Within the 2016 Annual Report, further analysis of premiums, claims, expenses and underwriting result by class of business is included
within note 9 of the PFFS with commentary on the performance of each class of business included on pages 40 to 49. Analysis of
premium by geographical region is included both within note 9 of the PFFS (which details where contracts were concluded) as well as
within the Lloyd’s class of business breakdown by region analysis in the ‘2016 At a Glance’ section at the beginning of the Annual Report.
Analysis of capital providers by source and location is also included in the ‘2016 At a Glance’ section of the Annual Report. Analysis of
investments held within the market is disclosed in note 13 of the PFFS.
70

Regulatory risk
Regulatory risk is the risk of loss owing to a breach of regulatory requirements or failure to respond to regulatory change. Managing
agents monitor regulatory development to ensure ongoing compliance and any impact on claims reserves. Additionally, given current
developments in the global regulatory landscape, the Corporation closely monitors changes which may adversely impact the global
licence network. Lloyd’s is actively working with the market to assist and adapt to the changes in the UK regulatory architecture, in
particular the increased focus on conduct risk by the Financial Conduct Authority; managing agents are now expected to comply with
the Lloyd’s Conduct Minimum Standards. Similarly, Lloyd’s monitors global political trends and is taking action at both a Corporation
and market level in response to a growing geopolitical risk facing companies operating around the world.
Operational risk
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems, or from external events.
Managing agents manage these risks through internal compliance monitoring and the use of detailed procedure manuals. Lloyd’s sets
minimum standards to be applied by agents and monitors to ensure these are met.
Group risk
Group risk is the risk of loss resulting from risk events arising within a related entity. While Lloyd’s is not a group, the Corporation
monitors potential risks which could impact Lloyd’s, for example arising from the activities of a parent company of a syndicate or
managing agent. Whilst, by its nature, group risk is difficult to control, the Corporation mitigates the potential impact of group risk
through the implementation of controls, including Lloyd’s minimum standards, mitigating any material impairment to Lloyd’s brand,
reputation or strategic priorities.
5. Variability
Calendar year movements in reserves are based upon best estimates as at 31 December 2016, taking into account all available
information as at the balance sheet date. These estimates are subject to variability until the date at which the underlying claims are
settled. Such changes in best estimate are reflected in the technical account of the year in which they occur. The aggregate of the
prior year surpluses/deficiencies is a surplus of £1,150m (2015: £1,621m). The surplus arises across all classes of business except motor,
reflecting favourable claims development compared to projections.
6. Members’ funds at Lloyd’s
The valuation of members’ FAL in the balance sheet totals £21,703m (2015: £17,840m). The notional investment return on FAL included
in the non-technical profit and loss account totals £363m (2015: £86m).
The notional investment return on FAL has been calculated by applying quarterly yields from indices, net of management fees, to the
value of FAL at the beginning of each quarter except, where Lloyd’s is the investment manager for FAL, in which case the actual return
achieved has been included. A significant proportion of FAL investments are US dollar denominated and, for these assets, US dollar
yields from indices are applied.
The following table shows the indices used and the return applied for the full year.
Proportion Investment
of FAL return
December December 2016 2015
Investment type Index 2016 % 2015 % % %
UK equities FTSE All share 4.4 5.0 15.2 1.2
UK government bonds UK Gilts 1-3 years 2.6 4.5 1.2 0.4
UK corporate bonds UK Corporate 1-3 years 4.9 6.7 1.5 0.6
UK deposits managed by Lloyd’s Return achieved 2.9 3.4 1.6 1.0
UK deposits managed externally including LoC GBP LIBID 1 month 19.9 24.3 0.2 0.2
US equities S&P 500 Index 8.9 5.0 9.5 1.8
US government bonds US Treasuries 1-5 years 12.4 7.8 0.6 0.7
US corporate bonds US Corporate 1-5 years 14.6 15.7 1.6 1.2
US deposits managed by Lloyd’s Return achieved 5.2 2.8 1.5 0.2
US deposits managed externally including LoC USD LIBID 1 month 24.2 24.8 0.2 0.0
71

3.6
Market Results
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
7. Society of Lloyd’s
The results of the Group financial statements of the Society included in the profit and loss account are a profit of £378m (2015: £293m)
in the technical account and a profit of £26m (2015: loss of £207m) in the non-technical account.
8. Aggregation of results and net assets
A reconciliation between the results, statement of other comprehensive income and net assets reported in the syndicate annual
accounts, members’ FAL and by the Society is set out below:
2016 2015
Profit and loss account £m £m
Result per syndicate annual accounts 1,353 1,950
Result of the Society 330 74
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred in Society financial statements 8 –
Syndicate prior year adjustment treated as current year in PFFS (13) –
Taxation charge in Society financial statements 75 13
Notional investment return on members’ funds at Lloyd’s 363 86
Movement in Society income not accrued in syndicate annual accounts (9) (1)
Result on ordinary activities before tax 2,107 2,122
2016 2015
Other comprehensive income £m £m
Result for the financial year 2,107 2,122
Foreign currency movements 389 68
Other comprehensive losses per syndicate annual accounts – (1)
Other comprehensive losses of the Society (111) (5)
Total comprehensive income for the year 2,385 2,184
2016 2015
Capital and reserves £m £m
Net assets per syndicate annual accounts 4,011 4,613
Net assets of the Society 1,996 1,763
Central Fund claims and provisions 1 6
Members’ funds at Lloyd’s 21,703 17,840
Unpaid cash calls reanalysed from debtors to members’ balances 30 12
Society income receivable not accrued in syndicate annual accounts (27) (18)
Total capital and reserves 27,714 24,216
Transactions between syndicates and the Society which have been reported within both the syndicate annual accounts and the Society
financial statements have been eliminated in the PFFS as set out in note 2.
72

9. Segmental analysis
The syndicate returns to Lloyd’s provided additional information to derive the following table in respect of the classes of business
reviewed in the market commentary.
Gross Net Net Net Under-
written earned incurred operating writing
premiums premium claims expenses result
2016 £m £m £m £m £m
Reinsurance 9,408 7,154 (3,805) (2,801) 548
Property 7,988 5,859 (3,431) (2,630) (202)
Casualty 7,131 5,343 (3,139) (2,350) (146)
Marine 2,470 2,075 (1,317) (887) (129)
Energy 1,110 795 (371) (365) 59
Motor 1,047 893 (666) (330) (103)
Aviation 627 464 (209) (184) 71
Life 81 77 (49) (36) (8)
Total from syndicate operations 29,862 22,660 (12,987) (9,583) 90
Transactions between syndicates and the Society
(notes 2 and 7) and insurance operations of the Society – – – 378 378
PFFS premiums and underwriting result 29,862 22,660 (12,987) (9,205) 468
Allocated investment return transferred from the
non-technical account 713
Balance on the technical account for general business 1,181
Gross Net Net Net Under-
written earned incurred operating writing
premiums premium claims expenses result
2015 £m £m £m £m £m
Reinsurance 8,593 6,796 (3,330) (2,562) 904
Property 6,893 5,072 (2,276) (2,295) 501
Casualty 5,764 4,434 (2,514) (1,925) (5)
Marine 2,245 1,853 (966) (779) 108
Energy 1,414 1,029 (365) (417) 247
Motor 1,120 867 (525) (359) (17)
Aviation 587 446 (249) (178) 19
Life 74 68 (37) (34) (3)
Total from syndicate operations 26,690 20,565 (10,262) (8,549) 1,754
Transactions between syndicates and the Society
(notes 2 and 7) and insurance operations of the Society – – – 293 293
PFFS premiums and underwriting result 26,690 20,565 (10,262) (8,256) 2,047
Allocated investment return transferred from the
non-technical account 302
Balance on the technical account for general business 2,349
The geographical analysis of gross direct premiums by location where contracts were concluded is as follows:
2016 2015
£m £m
United Kingdom 20,128 16,632
Other EU member states 31 111
Rest of the world 295 1,354
20,454 18,097
73

3.6
Market Results
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
10. Life business
The PFFS include the results of all life and non-life syndicates transacting business during 2016. The results and net assets for life
syndicates are not material and have not been separately disclosed in the profit and loss account and balance sheet. The results for life
business are reported in the segmental analysis (note 9).
11. Net operating expenses
2016 2015
£m £m
Acquisition costs 7,539 6,783
Change in deferred acquisition costs (196) (268)
Administrative expenses 2,464 2,343
Reinsurance commissions and profit participation (602) (602)
9,205 8,256
Total commissions for direct insurance accounted for in the year amounted to £4,968m (2015: £4,279m)
12. Investment return
2016 2015
Interest and similar income £m £m
From financial instruments designated as at fair value through profit or loss 961 603
From available for sale investments 22 24
From financial instruments designated as held to maturity 1 –
Dividend income 49 58
Interest on cash at bank 16 22
Other interest and similar income 32 29
Investment expenses (54) (31)
Total 1,027 705
2016 2015
Other income from investments designated as at fair value through profit or loss £m £m
Realised gains/(losses) 11 54
Unrealised gains/(losses) 267 (378)
Other relevant income/(losses) 46 23
Total 324 (301)
2016 2015
Other income from investments designated as available for sale £m £m
Realised gains/(losses) (4) 2
Unrealised gains/(losses) (2) (4)
Other income – –
Total (6) (2)
Total investment return 1,345 402
74

13. Financial Investments
2016 2015
£m £m
Shares and other variable yield securities and units in unit trusts 9,133 6,908
Debt securities and other fixed income securities 38,216 33,077
Participation in investment pools 1,863 1,203
Loans and deposits with credit institutions 6,019 4,580
Other 123 106
55,354 45,874
Disclosures of fair values in accordance with the fair value hierarchy
Fair value measurements have been classified using a fair value hierarchy that reflects the significance of the inputs used in making
the measurements.
In March 2016 amendments were made to the requirements for the disclosure of fair value hierarchy information. The change applies to
accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2017 but Lloyd’s has early adopted these changes. The analysis in the following
tables is therefore reported on the revised basis, including a reanalysis of the information reported as at 31 December 2015.
The fair value hierarchy includes the following classifications:
– Level 1 – Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets. An active market is one in which transactions for the asset
occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide readily and regularly available quoted prices;
– Level 2 – Inputs to a valuation model other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset, either directly
(i.e. as prices) or indirectly (derived from prices); and
– Level 3 – Inputs to a valuation model for the asset that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs) and are
significant to the overall fair value measurement. Unobservable inputs may have been used to measure fair value to the extent that
observable inputs are not available, thereby allowing for situations in which there is little, if any, market activity for the asset at the
measurement date (or market information for the inputs to any valuation models). As such, unobservable inputs reflect the
assumptions it is considered that market participants would use in pricing the asset.
The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement is categorised in its entirety is determined on the
basis of the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The significance of an input is assessed against the
fair value measurement in its entirety. If a fair value measurement uses observable inputs that require significant adjustment based
on unobservable inputs, that measurement is a Level 3 measurement. Assessing the significance of a particular input to the fair value
measurement in its entirety requires judgement, considering factors specific to the asset.
Assets held at
Sub-total amortised
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 fair value cost Total
2016 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Shares and other variable yield securities 4,938 3,636 559 9,133 – 9,133
Debt and other fixed income securities 11,813 26,304 84 38,201 15 38,216
Participation in investment pools 1,628 196 39 1,863 – 1,863
Loans and deposits with credit institutions 3,215 2,652 150 6,017 2 6,019
Other investments 16 103 4 123 – 123
Total investments 21,610 32,891 836 55,337 17 55,354
Loans recoverable – – 43 43 – 43
Total assets 21,610 32,891 879 55,380 17 55,397
Borrowings (15) – – (15) – (15)
Derivative liabilities (15) (59) (2) (76) – (76)
Total liabilities (30) (59) (2) (91) – (91)
Loans recoverable represent loans made to hardship members by the Central Fund, with further detail disclosed in the Society Report
(note 2J and note 15).
75

3.6
Market Results
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
13. Financial Investments (continued)
Assets held at
Sub-total amortised
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 fair value cost Total
2015 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Shares and other variable yield securities 3,591 2,837 468 6,896 12 6,908
Debt and other fixed income securities 9,971 22,676 348 32,995 82 33,077
Participation in investment pools 165 1,002 36 1,203 – 1,203
Loans and deposits with credit institutions 2,599 1,940 30 4,569 2 4,571
Other investments 4 82 29 115 – 115
Total investments 16,330 28,537 911 45,778 96 45,874
Loans recoverable – – 45 45 – 45
Total assets 16,330 28,537 956 45,823 96 45,919
Borrowings (1) – – (1) – (1)
Derivative liabilities (1) (36) – (37) – (37)
Total liabilities (2) (36) – (38) – (38)
14. Debtors arising out of direct operations
2016 2015
£m £m
Due within one year
– Policyholders 10 2
– Intermediaries 8,759 7,022
Due after one year
– Policyholders – –
– Intermediaries 112 57
8,881 7,081
15. Debtors arising out of reinsurance operations
2016 2015
£m £m
Due within one year 4,705 3,742
Due after one year 338 266
Total 5,043 4,008
16. Cash at bank and in hand
Cash at bank and in hand includes letters of credit and bank guarantees held in trust within members’ FAL to meet policyholder claims
as required, totalling £9,586m (2015: £8,758m).
76

17. Members’ balances
2016 2015
£m £m
Balance at 1 January 4,613 5,131
Result for the year per syndicate annual accounts 1,353 1,950
Distribution on closure of the 2013 (2012) year of account (2,061) (2,554)
Advance distributions from open years of account (163) (204)
Movement in cash calls 7 17
Net movement on Funds in Syndicate (see note below) (138) 206
Exchange gains 439 68
Other (35) (1)
Balance at 31 December 4,015 4,613
Members participate on syndicates by reference to years of account. Members’ ultimate results, assets and liabilities are assessed by
year of account with reference to policies incepting in that year of account. Members’ balances represent the net profit/(loss) to be
distributed/(collected) by syndicates to/(from) the members. Where there are profits and funds at Lloyd’s held in excess of members’
capital requirements, they will be distributed in the second quarter of 2017.
Members that only participate on one syndicate may hold the capital supporting their underwriting in their syndicate’s premium trust
funds. These funds are known as funds in syndicate (FIS). At 31 December 2016 there was £3,315m (2015: £2,998m) of FIS within
members’ balances. Where a member takes advantage of this facility in the year, the movement is reflected in the above table as ‘net
movement on funds in syndicate’.
18. Technical provisions
(a) Provisions for unearned premiums
Reinsurers’
Gross share Net
2016 £m £m £m
At 1 January 13,723 2,368 11,355
Premiums written in the year 29,862 6,796 23,066
Premiums earned in the year (29,139) (6,479) (22,660)
Exchange movements 2,102 425 1,677
At 31 December 16,548 3,110 13,438
Reinsurers’
Gross share Net
2015 £m £m £m
At 1 January 12,652 1,976 10,676
Premiums written in the year 26,690 5,667 21,023
Premiums earned in the year (25,887) (5,322) (20,565)
Exchange movements 268 47 221
At 31 December 13,723 2,368 11,355
(b) Deferred acquisition costs
2016 2015
£m £m
At 1 January 3,585 3,231
Change in deferred acquisition costs 196 268
Exchange movements 437 86
Other 60 –
At 31 December 4,278 3,585
77

3.6
Market Results
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
18. Technical provisions (continued)
(c) Claims outstanding
Reinsurers’
Gross share Net
2016 £m £m £m
At 1 January 38,833 8,610 30,223
Claims paid during the year (13,913) (2,431) (11,482)
Claims incurred during the year 16,774 3,787 12,987
Exchange movements 6,053 1,344 4,709
At 31 December 47,747 11,310 36,437
Reinsurers’
Gross share Net
2015 £m £m £m
At 1 January 38,134 8,785 29,349
Claims paid during the year (12,477) (2,846) (9,631)
Claims incurred during the year 12,484 2,222 10,262
Exchange movements 713 440 273
Other (21) 9 (30)
At 31 December 38,833 8,610 30,223
19. Discounted claims
Discounting may be applied to claims provisions where there are individual claims with structured settlements that have annuity-like
characteristics or for books of business with mean term payment greater than four years. Certain syndicates have elected to discount
their claims provisions.
The claims have been discounted as follows:
Average mean term of
Average discounted rates liabilities
2016 2015 2016 2015
Class of business % % years years
Motor (third party liability) 2.90 3.23 12.19 13.78
Third party liability 3.55 3.27 22.40 23.05
The period that will elapse before claims are settled is determined using impaired mortality rates.
The claims provisions before discounting are as follows:
Before discounting Effect of discounting Discounted provision
2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015
£m £m £m £m £m £m
Total claims provisions 1,757 1,470 (455) (487) 1,302 983
Reinsurers’ share of total claims 449 367 (51) (109) 398 258
20. Creditors arising out of direct insurance operations
2016 2015
£m £m
Due within one year 758 604
Due after one year 14 11
772 615
78

21. Creditors arising out of reinsurance operations
2016 2015
£m £m
Due within one year 4,407 3,194
Due after one year 263 117
4,670 3,311
22. Note to the statement of cash flows
Cash and cash equivalents comprise the following:
2016 2015
£m £m
Cash at bank and in hand 12,292 11,026
Short term deposits with credit institutions 2,517 1,663
Overdrafts (178) (123)
14,631 12,566
Of the cash and cash equivalents, £428m (2015: £310m) is held in regulated bank accounts in overseas jurisdictions.
23. Five year summary
2016 2015 2014 2013 2012
Results £m £m £m £m £m
Gross written premiums 29,862 26,690 25,259 25,615 25,173
Net written premiums 23,066 21,023 20,006 20,231 19,435
Net earned premiums 22,660 20,565 19,499 19,725 18,685
Result attributable to underwriting 468 2,047 2,253 2,605 1,661
Result for the year before tax 2,107 2,122 3,016 3,205 2,771
Assets employed
Cash and investments 67,646 56,900 54,889 51,494 51,767
Net technical provisions 49,875 41,578 40,025 38,355 39,078
Other net assets 9,943 8,894 7,664 7,247 6,611
Capital and reserves 27,714 24,216 22,528 20,386 19,300
Statistics
Combined ratio (%) 97.9 90.0 88.4 86.8 91.1
Return on capital (%) 8.1 9.1 14.1 16.2 14.8
24. Related party transactions
The annual accounts of each syndicate provide, where appropriate, the required disclosures on related parties. Syndicate level
disclosures are specific to that syndicate and its managing agent. For 2016, there were no material related party transactions conducted
outside normal market conditions reported in the syndicate annual accounts requiring disclosure. The related party transactions of the
Society are disclosed in note 26 on page 179 of the Society Report.
79

4.0
Society Report

4.1 Financial Highlights [80]
4.2 Corporate Governance [81]
4.3 Internal Control Statement [97]
4.4 Report of the Remuneration Committee [99]
4.5 Report of the Audit Committee [117]
4.6 Report of the Lloyd’s Members’
Ombudsman [119]
4.7 Financial Review [120]
4.8 Statement of the Council of Lloyd’s
Responsibilities for the Financial
Statements [126]
4.9 Independent Auditor’s Report to the
Members of the Society of Lloyd’s [127]
4.10 Group Income Statement [132]
4.11 Group Statement of Comprehensive
Income [133]
4.12 Group Statement of Financial Position [134]
4.13 G roup Statement of Changes in Equity [135]
4.14 Group Statement of Cash Flows [136]
4.15 Notes to the Financial Statements [137]
4.16 Five Year Summary [181]

4.1
Society Report
Financial Highlights
T
2016 2015 2014 2013 2012
£m £m £m £m £m
Operating result
Corporation operating income 332 239 220 218 214
Central Fund income 120 111 115 108 106
Total income 452 350 335 326 320
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred (8) – (1) (18) (26)
Central Fund repayment to members – – (49) – –
Net insurance claims and provisions – – 1 – –
Other Group operating expenses (307) (259) (227) (219) (206)
Operating surplus* 137 91 59 89 88
Finance Costs
Deficit on subordinated debt repurchase – – (9) (15) –
Interest payable on financial liabilities and other (54) (54) (49) (56) (62)
Finance Income 314 43 93 60 115
Realised/unrealised exchange gains/(losses) on borrowings – – 7 (6) 6
Share of profits of associates 8 7 8 7 6
Surplus before tax 405 87 109 79 153
Tax charge (75) (13) (18) (14) (34)
Surplus for the year 330 74 91 65 119
Balance sheet
Net assets 1,996 1,763 1,693 1,635 1,564
Movement in net assets % 13.2% 4.1% 3.6% 4.5% 5.0%
Solvency
Eligible own funds to meet Central SCR 3,469 3,162 – – –
Central SCR (1,600) (1,450) – – –
Excess of eligible own funds over the Central SCR 1,869 1,712 – – –
Solvency ratio % 217% 218% – – –
The solvency ratio is reported under the Solvency II legislative requirements which came into force on 1 January 2016. The 2016 position is
considered to be an estimate of the amount which will be finalised in May 2017 for submission to the PRA. The solvency figures in the table
above are unaudited.
* The operating surplus is considered to be a metric which is consistently used to analyse financial performance in the Society Report. This metric (wherever used in
the Annual Report) is considered to be an Alternative Performance Measure (APM), with further information available on pages 196 to 197.
80

4.2
Society Report
Corporate Governance
Lloyd’s governance structure provides challenge,
clarity and accountability
Principal Committees of Lloyd’s
The Council
of Lloyd’s
Franchise
Board
Nominations Remuneration Audit
Committee Committee Committee
Risk Market Supervision Capacity Transfer Investment
Committee and Review Committee Panel Committee
The Council and Franchise Board
The Council of Lloyd’s is the governing body of the Society of Lloyd’s and has ultimate responsibility for overall management of the
market. The Council delegates many of its functions to the Franchise Board, whose members are appointed by the Council and come
from both inside and outside the Lloyd’s market.
The day-to-day powers and functions of the Council and Franchise Board are carried out by the Corporation’s Executive Committee –
the Chief Executive, the Head of Marketing and Communications, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Commercial Officer, Chief Operating Officer,
Chief Risk Officer, Human Resources Director, General Counsel and Secretary to the Council and Franchise Board, Performance
Management Director and Chief Strategy Officer.
Lloyd’s is regulated by the PRA and FCA, which have direct supervision of managing agents and monitor capital and solvency.
The Corporation is active in managing risk within the market to ensure that Lloyd’s central assets, brand, licences and reputation
remain protected.
The Council of Lloyd’s is committed to the principle of good corporate governance and supports the application of the principles
of the UK Corporate Governance Code, as far as they can be applied to the governance of a Society of members and a market of
separate competing entities.
The members of the Council of Details of the Executive Committee
Lloyd’s and Franchise Board are can be found at:
listed on pages 90 to 96 lloyds.com/executivecommittee
81

4.2
Society Report
Corporate Governance continued
Governing body: The Council of Lloyd’s The presence of working and external members of the Council
enables the nominated members to gain an understanding of the
Under Lloyd’s Act 1982, the Council of Lloyd’s undertakes the
views of key stakeholders in the Lloyd’s market.
management and superintendence of the affairs of the Society
and has the power to regulate and direct the business of insurance Other than the CEO, no member of Council may serve more than
at Lloyd’s. Certain functions are reserved to the Council including: nine years in aggregate on the Council or Franchise Board.
– the making, amendment or revocation of byelaws (which are Chairman and Deputy Chairmen
available at www.lloyds.com/byelaws); In accordance with Lloyd’s Act 1982, the Chairman and Deputy
– the setting of Central Fund contribution rates; and Chairmen of Lloyd’s are elected annually by special resolution of
– appointing the Chairman and Deputy Chairmen of Council. the Council from among its members. One of the Chairman and
Deputy Chairmen must be a working member of the Council.
Beyond the reserved functions, the Council can delegate its
This position is currently filled by Simon Beale.
powers or functions to any person, committee or employee of
The Chairman of Lloyd’s is contracted to work a minimum of
the Society.
three days a week but commits as much time as is necessary to
The Council has delegated authority for the day-to-day
undertake the role. The Council acknowledges that the Chairman
management of the market to the Franchise Board. The Franchise
has other commitments outside Lloyd’s (see page 90) and is
Board is able, in turn, to sub-delegate authority to the CEO and
satisfied that these can be accommodated with the Chairmanship
through her to the Lloyd’s Executive. In addition, the Council has
of Lloyd’s.
delegated authority to carry out specified functions to committees
Andy Haste (a nominated member) was appointed Senior
including the Audit, Remuneration and Nominations Committees,
Independent Deputy Chairman (Lloyd’s equivalent of the Senior
as summarised below.
Independent Director) with effect from 1 November 2012.
The relationship between the Council and the Franchise Board is
Meetings
defined in the Council’s Governance Policies which clarify the role
The Council met seven times in 2016 including a joint meeting with
of the Council and establish a more structured relationship with
the Franchise Board. These meetings are structured to allow open
the Franchise Board. Further details on the role and functions of
discussion. At each meeting the Council receives certain regular
the Franchise Board and the Governance Policies are set out below.
reports – for example, a written report from the CEO and oral
Membership
updates from its principal committees. It also reviews the quarterly
The Council comprises a maximum of 18 members, split
Management Information Pack.
between six working, six external and six nominated members.
A table showing Council members’ attendance at Council and
The biographical details of the current members of the Council
Committee meetings which they were eligible to attend is set out
(as at 29 March 2017) are listed on pages 90 to 93.
on pages 88 to 89.
Nominated members are usually appointed for three-year terms
The detailed arrangements for Lloyd’s governance processes
which can be renewed. They may be regarded, for the purposes
are set out in the Council’s Governance Policies and the
of the Code, as independent members of the Council with the
Constitutional Requirements as set out in the Constitutional
exception of the Chairman and CEO who are included within
Arrangements Byelaw.
their number.
Working and external members are generally elected for terms of
three years by the working and external members of the Society
respectively. In the elections for working members, voting operates
on a one member, one vote basis. In the elections for external
members, the voting entitlement of an external member of the
Society is based on the member’s allocated underwriting capacity
as determined under the Constitutional Arrangements Byelaw
(No.2 of 2010).
82

Governance Policies and the Constitutional Requirements Franchise Board
The Governance Policies The Council established the Franchise Board as from 1 January
Among other matters, the Governance Policies are intended to 2003 and set it a goal: ‘To create and maintain a commercial
improve the clarity around the role of the Council and to establish environment at Lloyd’s in which the long-term return to all capital
a more structured relationship with the Franchise Board. providers is maximised’.
The Governance Policies establish the purpose for Lloyd’s: Specific functions delegated to the Franchise Board include:
‘To maintain, in accordance with Lloyd’s Acts, an organisation that
– determining the major risks to the Lloyd’s market and determining
will enable the long-term return from carrying out the business of
appropriate action to address or mitigate those risks;
insurance to be maximised for capital providers’ (i.e. members).
– determining the key factors, levers and drivers which may
Under the Governance Policies, the Council is responsible for affect the profitability of the Lloyd’s market;
assessing the long-term strategic development of Lloyd’s by – developing and implementing a strategy to achieve the
reference to both the interests of capital providers and other Franchise Goal; and
stakeholders and through an evaluation of economic, political – supervising, regulating and directing the business of insurance
and social issues impacting the international insurance and at Lloyd’s.
reinsurance markets.
The Franchise Board has reserved to itself a list of specific
As the Council has delegated authority for the majority of its
functions and powers that only it may deal with. The Franchise
functions (other than its reserved matters) to the Franchise Board,
Board may sub-delegate authority to the CEO, executive and
the Governance Policies also define the accountability linkage
employees of the Corporation save in respect of those functions
between the Franchise Board and the Council. This includes
and powers reserved to it, the Council and their committees.
determining the boundaries within which the Franchise Board
The Franchise Board’s committees, the CEO, the executive and
will operate (the Franchise Board Limitations) and establishing
employees must act in accordance with the Franchise Board
a Monitoring and Assurance regime which, among other matters,
Limitations (including the Franchise Principles) and in accordance
requires the Chairman of the Franchise Board to report to the
with the strategy, policy and principles set by the Franchise Board.
Council on all material issues impacting the world insurance
Matters reserved to the Franchise Board include:
market and Lloyd’s as well as providing a summary of key
performance indicators. – setting the policy and principles relating to the supervision,
regulation and direction of the business of insurance at Lloyd’s
The Constitutional Requirements
(the Market Supervision Framework), in compliance with PRA
The Constitutional Requirements align, so far as appropriate,
and FCA requirements;
Lloyd’s governance arrangements with the Companies Act 2006.
– considering and approving Lloyd’s risk appetite (both at
They include provisions concerning the duties and responsibilities
Corporation and market level);
of Council members. These same duties also apply to members of
– setting policy for the admission and removal of participants in
the Franchise Board and the other Lloyd’s committees.
the Lloyd’s market;
In summary, members of the Council, Franchise Board and their
– admitting and removing managing agents;
committees are required to act in a way which ‘would be most
– determining the Franchise Standards for managing agents and
likely to promote the success of the Society for the benefit of the
approving the Three-Year and Annual Plan and Budget of the
members as a whole’ and must have regard to:
Corporation; and
– The likely consequences of any decision in the long term. – approving the Lloyd’s Society level capital requirements.
– The need of the Society:
- to foster business relations with those who do business at
Lloyd’s;
- to have regard to the interests of its employees;
- to consider the impact of its operations on the community
and the environment; and
- to maintain a reputation for high standards of business
conduct.
The Constitutional Requirements also deal with conflicts of
interest and collective responsibility.
83

4.2
Society Report
Corporate Governance continued
Franchise Board continued The CEO, Chief Risk Officer, Chief Financial Officer, senior
managers and the external and internal auditors attend meetings
Membership and meetings
as appropriate. The Chairman also attends some Audit Committee
Biographical details of the members of the Franchise Board as
meetings by invitation.
at 29 March 2017 are listed on pages 94 to 96. At the end of 2016,
the Franchise Board comprised: Reports from the internal and external auditors on aspects of
internal control and reports from the Legal and Compliance
– the Chairman of Lloyd’s (who was also its Chairman);
department on internal and international compliance are reviewed
– the CEO, the Performance Management Director and the
by the Audit Committee and appropriate action taken in response.
Chief Financial Officer;
– three non-executives connected with the Lloyd’s market; and From 2017 onwards the new Risk Committee will have primary
– five independent non-executives. responsibility for oversight of internal and international compliance.
The Audit Committee submits an annual report to the Council.
The presence of market connected non-executive directors
It also reports to the Council and the Franchise Board on its
enables the independent non-executives to gain an understanding
proceedings after each meeting. Additional reports are submitted
of market practitioner views and perspectives.
to the Council and/or the Franchise Board on matters of material
Other than the Lloyd’s Executives no member of the Franchise
interest as and when necessary. The minutes of Audit Committee
Board may serve more than nine years in aggregate on the
meetings are submitted to the Franchise Board and the Council.
Franchise Board or the Council.
The Audit Committee was chaired by Claire Ighodaro until
The Franchise Board held 12 scheduled meetings in 2016. It held an
October 2016 and by Richard Keers from October 2016 onwards.
additional joint meeting with the Council and an additional meeting
Claire Ighodaro was and Richard Keers is an independent
focused specifically on Solvency II. It also held a full day offsite
non-executive director on the Franchise Board. Its remaining
focusing on the major strategic challenges facing Lloyd’s and their
members are drawn from both the Council and the Franchise
impact on Lloyd’s current strategy.
Board. A table showing Audit Committee members’ attendance
Franchise Board meetings are structured to allow open discussion. at Audit Committee meetings is set out on pages 88 to 89.
At each scheduled meeting, the Franchise Board receives certain
The Audit Committee met on five occasions in 2016. The Audit
regular reports – for example, a written report from the CEO.
Committee’s full report is on pages 117 to 118.
It also reviews the quarterly Management Information Pack.
Nominations Committee
The Franchise Board papers and minutes are made available
The Nominations Committee is responsible for making
to members of the Council.
recommendations to the Council on the appointment of the
A table showing Franchise Board members’ attendance at
Chairman, CEO, new nominated Council members, Franchise
Franchise Board and Committee meetings which they were
Board members (including the executive directors on the Board),
eligible to attend is set out on pages 88 to 89.
members of a number of the Council and Franchise Board
The Principal Committees of the Council committees and the Secretary to the Council. The Nominations
Committee is also responsible for succession planning
Audit Committee
arrangements for these positions.
The Audit Committee’s role is to ensure that the financial activities
of Lloyd’s are subject to independent review and audit. The Audit The Nominations Committee will meet at least twice annually and
Committee’s functions in 2016 included: otherwise at the discretion of its Chairman or as directed by the
Council. The Nominations Committee reports to the Council and
– reviewing Lloyd’s annual and interim financial statements in
Franchise Board on its proceedings after each meeting on all
2016, the aggregate syndicate results and the Lloyd’s Return
matters relating to its duties and powers. A written report is
to the PRA; and
submitted to the Council annually.
– reviewing both the external and internal audit plans and the
compliance plan.
84

Apart from the annual exercise of making recommendations To assist with succession planning, the Nominations Committee
with respect to the composition of Council and Franchise Board also considered the future skills, knowledge and experience
committees (together with any other necessary changes in likely to be needed by the Franchise Board and the Council.
composition during the year), the Nominations Committee made The searches referred to above are being conducted after
the following major recommendations to the Council during 2016: taking into account this work.
– To re-appoint Sir David Manning as a nominated member Diversity – the Nominations Committee is fully apprised of, and
of Council for a third and final term of three years from supportive of, the need for recent and relevant experience and
1 September 2016; diversity including gender and nationality. It is difficult to establish
– To appoint Richard Keers as an independent non-executive diversity targets for the Council, given that it is two-thirds elected,
director of the Franchise Board for a three-year term but diversity will be encouraged. Candidates for appointed
commencing on 1 June 2016 and as Chair of the Audit positions are selected on merit and with due regard to the benefits
Committee. The Committee was assisted in this search by of diversity in its broadest sense. In addition, the Franchise Board,
external search consultants, The Zygos Partnership; with the support of the Nominations Committee had established a
– To appoint Jon Hancock as Performance Management Director target of 25% of the Board being women by 2016. Two of the 11
with effect from 1 December 2016. The Committee was assisted Board members as at the date of this report are women.
in this search by external search consultants, Heidrick &
The Nominations Committee is chaired by the Chairman of Lloyd’s
Struggles; and
and its remaining members are drawn from both the Council and
– To appoint Richard Pryce as a market-connected non-executive
the Franchise Board.
director of the Franchise Board for a three-year term
A table showing the Nominations Committee members’
commencing on 1 January 2017. Neither an external search
attendance at scheduled Nominations Committee meetings is set
consultant nor any advertising was used to identify Richard
out on pages 88 to 89.
Pryce as the Nominations Committee was able to make use
of its knowledge of senior market practitioners in making the The Nominations Committee held five scheduled meetings in 2016.
recommendation.
Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee is responsible for setting
The Nominations Committee’s recommendations were accepted
remuneration arrangements for the Chairman, CEO, the executive
by the Council.
and any other direct reports of the CEO. The Remuneration
Following Henrique Mereilles’ retirement from Council in April
Committee’s proposals are considered by both the Franchise
the Committee is also undertaking a search for a new nominated
Board and the Council.
member of Council. The Committee is being assisted by external
Non-executive remuneration is decided by the Council, on
search consultants, Korn Ferry, with a brief to find a candidate
recommendation from the Chairman and CEO who may consult
with a US background with wide financial services experience.
the Remuneration Committee as part of that process.
Mindful of Claire Ighodaro’s retirement from the Franchise Board
at the end of 2016, the Nominations Committee is also undertaking The Remuneration Committee will meet at least twice a year and
a search for a new independent non-executive director. The otherwise at the discretion of its Chairman or as directed by the
Committee is being assisted by external search consultants Council. The Remuneration Committee reports to the Council
(Egon Zehnder) with a brief to find a new non-executive with and Franchise Board on its proceedings after each meeting on
qualities that include appropriate risk management experience. all matters relating to its duties and powers and makes
It is intended that the successful candidate will chair the Risk recommendations to the Council or Franchise Board on any
Committee, following the retirement of Joy Griffiths in late 2017. area within its remit where action or improvement is needed.
The Remuneration Committee submits a written report to the
In light of John Nelson’s planned retirement as Chairman of
Council annually.
Lloyd’s in May 2017 the Committee also undertook a search for
his replacement. For the purposes of this search the Committee The Remuneration Committee is chaired by the Senior Independent
was chaired by the Senior Independent Deputy Chairman and the Deputy Chairman. The Chairman is a member of the committee
composition of the Committee was augmented by three market and its remaining members are drawn from both the Council and
members of the Council and Franchise Board. The Committee the Franchise Board. A table showing Remuneration Committee
was assisted by The Zygos Partnership in this search. members’ attendance at Remuneration Committee meetings is set
out on pages 88 to 89.
None of the external search consultants used have any
connection with the Society. The Remuneration Committee met on four occasions in 2016.
The Remuneration Committee’s full report is on pages 99 to 116.
85

4.2
Society Report
Corporate Governance continued
The Principal Committees of the Franchise Board A table showing CTP members’ attendance at CTP meetings is set
out on pages 88 to 89. The Panel met on one occasion in 2016.
Risk Committee
During 2016, the Risk Committee was chaired by the CEO and Investment Committee
its other members were the Director, Performance Management, The Investment Committee monitors the investment objectives
the Chief Risk Officer & General Counsel and the Chief Financial and parameters of centrally managed assets and is responsible
Officer. Other senior members of staff, including the Head of Risk for reviewing the performance of these funds. In addition,
Management, Head of Internal Audit, Lloyd’s Actuary, and the it monitors the investment operations of the Treasury and
Secretary to the Council, attended meetings as appropriate. From Investment Management department in respect of all funds under
January 2017, the Chair is an independent non-executive member its management and approves all investment counterparties.
of the Franchise Board and its other members are non-executives It may also make more general recommendations concerning
drawn from the Franchise Board and Council. Other individuals investment activity at Lloyd’s.
including the CEO, Chief Risk Officer, Chief Financial Officer and
The Investment Committee meets at the discretion of its Chairman.
Performance Manager Director are regular attendees with others
The Investment Committee submits a written report to the
invited to attend all or part of any meeting as and when deemed
Franchise Board annually and may submit additional reports
appropriate by the Risk Committee or its Chair. The Committee
on matters of material concern as and when necessary.
reports quarterly to the Franchise Board and provides regular
The Investment Committee is required to obtain the approval
updates to the Audit Committee and the Council.
of the Franchise Board before making any decisions which may
In June 2016 the Council and Franchise Board agreed to establish materially affect the financial risks applying to the Society or
a non-executive Risk Committee to replace the existing executive Lloyd’s market entities. A table showing Investment Committee
Risk Committee. The non-executive Risk Committee met for members’ attendance at Investment Committee meetings is set
the first time in January 2017. It is chaired by Joy Griffiths, out on pages 88 to 89. The Investment Committee met on four
an independent non-executive member of the Franchise Board occasions in 2016.
and its members are drawn from the Franchise Board and Council.
Terms of reference and appointment terms
A table showing the Risk Committee members’ attendance
The terms of reference for the Council, Franchise Board and their
at meetings is set out on pages 88 to 89. It met on 12 occasions
committees (including the Audit, Remuneration and Nominations
in 2016.
Committees) can be found on Lloyd’s website. The terms of
Market Supervision and Review Committee (MSARC) reference for the Chairman, Deputy Chairmen (including the
MSARC takes decisions regarding the exercise of Lloyd’s Senior Independent Deputy Chairman) and CEO can also be
enforcement powers. It also acts as a review body capable, found on the Lloyd’s website.
where appropriate, of amending, modifying or withdrawing certain
The terms and conditions of appointment of non-executive
decisions taken by the Executive affecting managing agents.
members of the Franchise Board and the Council are available
It also acts as the body that determines whether certain decisions
on request from the Secretary to the Council.
can be referred to the Lloyd’s Appeal Tribunal and can also make
Annual General Meeting
certain business decisions.
The Council reports to the members at the Annual General
MSARC meets at the discretion of its Chairman. MSARC submits
Meeting (AGM). A summary business presentation is given at the
a written report to the Franchise Board annually and may submit
AGM by the CEO and Chief Financial Officer, before the Chairman
additional reports to inform the Franchise Board of any matters
deals with the business of the meeting.
of material concern as and when required.
Voting entitlement at general meetings is generally capacity-
A table showing MSARC members’ attendance at MSARC
based for both external and working members, except at general
meetings is set out on pages 88 to 89. MSARC met on seven
meetings called on the requisition of members under section 6(4)
occasions in 2016.
of the Lloyd’s Act 1982 for the purpose of revoking or annulling
Capacity Transfer Panel
byelaws, at which each member has one vote. The resolutions
The Capacity Transfer Panel (CTP) was established principally to
to be considered at general meetings are published on the
exercise the Council’s powers in relation to minority buyouts and
Lloyd’s website.
mergers. The Panel meets at the discretion of its Chairman. The
Panel submits a written report to the Franchise Board annually
and may submit additional reports on matters of material concern
as and when necessary.
86

Indemnities Individual assessment
The Society has given indemnities to a number of its subsidiary The Chairman meets each non-executive director on the Franchise
undertakings, and the directors thereof, in respect of any claims Board and each member of the Council once a year to appraise
or actions which may be brought against them or any future their performance. The Senior Independent Deputy Chairman also
operating losses incurred by them in connection with the seeks the views of the Franchise Board and the Council on the
companies’ activities. The Society has also given indemnities performance of the Chairman. These views are conveyed to the
to and has agreed to cover certain specific costs that may be Chairman by the Senior Independent Deputy Chairman.
incurred by members of the Council, the Franchise Board,
Training and induction
the Lloyd’s Regulatory Board and the Lloyd’s Market Board
All new appointments to the Council and Franchise Board receive
(the latter two boards ceased during 2002) and of their respective
an induction pack containing guidance notes on Lloyd’s
sub-committees, the Society staff and also certain individuals
governance arrangements.
and organisations who have been asked to carry out or provide
services to the Society or on behalf of, or for the benefit of, In addition, new members of the Council and Franchise Board
its members. are provided with an induction programme which includes
briefings with senior executive management and others on Lloyd’s,
Council, Franchise Board and committee assessments
its operations and key issues of the day.
In accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code, an
In addition, in 2016, four briefings on a range of Lloyd’s related
external and independent evaluation of the performance of the
topics were made available to all members of the Council and
Council, Franchise Board, Audit, Remuneration and Nominations
the Franchise Board.
Committees is undertaken every three years. The next external
evaluation is due to be undertaken in 2018. Independent professional advice
The Secretary to the Council conducted an assessment of the Members of the Council and Franchise Board have access to
Council, Franchise Board, Audit, Remuneration and Nominations independent professional advice, if required.
Committees towards the end of 2016. The assessment was
Conflicts of interest
based on the results of questionnaires issued to the members
A register of interests is maintained by the Secretary to the
of these bodies.
Council for members of the Council, Franchise Board and their
The principal conclusion of the assessment was that the current
committees and is available for inspection by members.
governance arrangements were working effectively and in
accordance with the Governance Policies and that the Council
and its principal committees were operating in accordance with
their terms of reference.
Among the other major findings were:
– to identify further options to enable active and early
engagement with the Council on the development of Lloyd’s
longer-term strategy;
– a recognition that Franchise Board agendas remained lengthy.
While this was understandable in light of the current regulatory
and market conditions, it reinforced the need to ensure agendas
are structured appropriately and to improve further the quality of
papers and presentations to ensure they are succinct and clear;
and
– to consider ways in which to enhance Council and Franchise
Board engagement in succession planning for appointed
positions.
The recommendations for improvement will be taken forward
under the guidance of the Chairman and the Secretary to
the Council.
87

4.2
Society Report
Corporate Governance continued
Attendance record
Franchise Audit Nominations Remuneration Investment Risk
Council Board Committee Committee Committee MSARC1 CTP2 Committee Committee
Chairman of the Council of Lloyd’s
John Nelson ª7/7 ª13/13 ª5/5 4/4
Executive Directors
Inga Beale 7/7 13/13 3/4 ª12/12
Tom Bolt3 1/1 3/5
Theresa Froehlich3 12/12 6/7
Jon Hancock3 1/1 1/1
Sean McGovern4 5/5 6/6
John Parry 12/13 3/4 10/12
Non-Executive Council members
Working members
Rupert Atkin5 1/1
Simon Beale5 6/7 3/4
Dominic Christian 5/7
Karen Green 7/7
Christopher Harman
Lawrence Holder 7/7
Julian James 7/7
Neil Maidment 7/7
External members
Robert Childs 7/7
Michael Deeny6 6/6
Matthew Fosh 7/7
Paul Jardine 6/7 4/5 4/4
Alan Lovell7 2/2 1/1
Philip Swatman7 7/7 5/5 2/2
Michael Watson 6/7
Nominated members
Andy Haste 7/7 5/5 ª4/4 ª1/1 ª4/4
Fred Hu 5/7
Sir David Manning 5/7 5/5
Henrique Meirelles8 2/2
Non-Executive Franchise Board members
Sir Andrew Cahn 9/13
Mark Cloutier 12/13 4/5
Charles Franks12 7/13 5/5 3/3
Nick Furlonge 12/13 4/5 4/4
Joy Griffiths 11/13
Claire Ighodaro11 12/13 ª4/4
Richard Keers10,11 7/8 ª3/3
Martin Read 10/13 4/4
Bruce Van Saun9 4/5 2/2 2/2
88

Attendance record continued
Franchise Audit Nominations Remuneration Investment Risk
Council Board Committee Committee Committee MSARC1 CTP2 Committee Committee
Other Committee members
Richard Boys-Stones 1/1
Martin Bride 3/4
Margaret Chamberlain 1/1
Edward Creasy 7/7
Christine Dandridge 7/7
Lady Delves Broughton 1/1
David Gittings 1/1
Michael Green 4/4
Reg Hinkley 7/7
Jo Rickard ª7/7
Nick Marsh 7/7
Philip Matthews 4/4
Paul Swain 1/1
Hilary Weaver4 6/6
David Winkett 3/4
ª Chairman
Notes
1. Market Supervision and Review Committee
2. Capacity Transfer Panel
3. Tom Bolt, Director, Performance Management resigned as an executive Director of the Franchise Board on 31 May 2016. However, in order to protect commercial confidentiality
he abstained from attending Franchise Board and Risk Committee meetings from 21 March 2016. Theresa Froehlich acted as interim Director, Performance Management and
attended Franchise Board and Risk Committee meetings in this capacity as from 21 March 2016. Jon Hancock was formally appointed as Performance Management Director
and as an executive director on the Franchise Board on 1 December 2016.
4. Sean McGovern, Chief Risk Officer and General Counsel resigned as an executive director of the Franchise Board on 30 September 2016. In order to protect commercial
confidentiality he abstained from attending Franchise Board and Risk Committee meetings from 18 May 2016. Hilary Weaver acted as interim Chief Risk Officer and attended
Risk Committee meetings in this capacity as from 18 May 2016. She was formally confirmed as Chief Risk Officer on 1 November 2016.
5. Rupert Atkin was a member of the Nominations Committee until his term on Council expired on 31 January 2016. Simon Beale joined the Nominations Committee on
4 February 2016.
6. Michael Deeny, the representative of The Michael Deeny LLP’s term as an individual external member of Council expired on 31 October 2016.
7. Alan Lovell was a member of the Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee until his term on Council as the representative of Palace House International (Two) LLP
expired on 31 January 2016. Philip Swatman joined the Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee on 4 February 2016.
8. Henrique Meirelles retired as a nominated member of Council on 7 April 2016.
9. Bruce Van Saun’s term of office as a non-executive director on the Franchise Board and as a member of the Audit Committee and Nominations Committee expired on
31 May 2016.
10. Richard Keers was appointed as a non-executive director of the Franchise Board and as a member of the Audit Committee on 1 June 2016.
11. Claire Ighodaro stepped down as the Chairman of the Audit Committee on 26 September 2016 and was succeeded by Richard Keers.
12. Charles Franks joined the Nominations Committee on 1 June 2016.
89

4.2
Society Report
Corporate Governance continued: The Council of Lloyd’s
John Nelson Chairman of Lloyd’s (Nominated member) Inga Beale DBE Chief Executive Officer
Chairman of the Nominations Committee (Nominated member)
Member of the Remuneration Committee
John Nelson was appointed Chairman of Lloyd’s in October 2011. He Inga Beale joined Lloyd’s in January 2014. Previously she was Group Chief
qualified as a Chartered Accountant. He worked in both the UK and the Executive of Canopius, a prominent Lloyd’s managing agent. Prior to that
US while with Kleinwort Benson. He joined Lazard in 1986, whose Vice she spent four years with Zurich Insurance, including a period as Global
Chairman he became in 1990. He subsequently became Chairman of Chief Underwriting Officer. She was Group CEO of Converium Ltd, the
Credit Suisse First Boston (Europe), Deputy Chairman of Kingfisher plc Swiss mid-sized independent reinsurance company and, while there, she
and Chairman of Hammerson plc until 2013. In addition, he has been a led a major turnaround of the business before it was acquired by SCOR
Non-Executive Director of BT, Woolwich plc, JP Morgan Cazenove and in 2007. She started her career as an Underwriter with Prudential before
Cazenove Group. He is an Advisor to Charterhouse Capital Partners LLP. spending 14 years in a variety of international roles for GE Insurance
He is also the Chairman of Chichester Harbour Trust and Deputy Chair of Solutions. She is a member of the Government’s Financial Services Trade
the National Gallery where he also chairs its Development Committee. He and Investment Board and the Mayor’s Business Advisory Board. In July
was a member of the UK Prime Minister’s Business Advisory Group and is a 2016 she also joined the Board of the Chartered Insurance Institute.
member of the International Advisory Panel of the Monetary Authority of
Singapore. He is a Deputy Lieutenant for West Sussex.
Andy Haste* Senior Independent Deputy Chairman Simon Beale Deputy Chairman of Lloyd’s
of Lloyd’s (Nominated member) (Working member)
Member of the Nominations Committee Member of the Nominations Committee
Chairman of the Remuneration Committee
Andy Haste is Chairman of Wonga Group and former Group Chief Simon Beale is the Chief Underwriting Officer of MS Amlin, an Executive
Executive of RSA. He is currently the Senior Independent Director of ITV, Director of the MS Amlin Plc board and Non-Executive Director of MS
and is Chairman of its Remuneration Committee and a member of both its Amlin Underwriting Limited the managing agency for Syndicate 2001 of
Audit and Nominations Committees. His previous roles include Chief which he was joint active underwriter until 2012. He has worked in the
Executive of AXA Sun Life and Director of AXA UK (life and pensions), Lloyd’s Market since 1984 and has served on various Lloyd’s underwriting
President and Chief Executive Officer of Global Consumer Finance Europe committees including the Lloyd’s Market Association Board.
at GE Capital UK, Western Europe and Eastern Europe (consumer financial
services) and President of National Westminster Bank’s US Consumer
Credit Business (retail banking). He was also a member of
the Board of the Association of British Insurers from 2003–2011.
*Considered to be independent members of Council.
90

Jeffrey Barratt Representative of Nameco (No 1249) Limited Andrew Brooks (Working member)
(External member)
Jeffrey Barratt is a Lawyer and has been a member of Lloyd’s since 1987. Andrew Brooks has been Chief Executive Officer of Ascot Underwriting
He has been a Board member of the ALM since May 2016. He was a Limited since 2008 and a member of the Board since 2004. He joined
Partner at city law firm Norton Rose Fulbright for many years specialising Ascot at its inception in 2001 and was promoted to Chief Underwriting
in project finance and financial law and held a number of management Officer in 2005. He has worked in the Lloyd’s Market since 1983 and is
positions within the firm; he is now a Consultant. He has been heavily currently a member of the Lloyd’s Market Association and London Market
involved in promoting the City’s interests for a number of years and Group Boards. He also served on the Lloyd’s Claims Implementation Board.
currently chairs TCUK Infrastructure and Energy Executive Board, is a
Non-Executive Director of the International Project Finance Association
and sits on the London Council and the International Advisory Group of the
CBI. He was Chairman of the Cook Society in 2015 and 2016 and is now
Deputy Chairman. He actively supports a number of children’s charities
including the Dyspraxia Foundation, Snow-Camp, Beanstalk, Wooden
Spoon and the Change Foundation.
Robert Childs Representative of Hiscox Dedicated Dominic Christian (Working member)
Corporate Member Limited
(External member)
Robert Childs is the Non-Executive Chairman of Hiscox. He was Chairman Dominic Christian is the Executive Chairman of Aon Benfield International.
of the Lloyd’s Market Association from January 2003 to May 2005 and He is also the Chief Executive Officer of Aon UK Limited. He sits on Aon
former Chairman of the Advisory Board of the School of Management of Group’s Executive Committee. Previously he served as co-Chief Executive
Royal Holloway University. He is currently a Trustee of Enham (a charity for Officer of Aon Benfield and prior to this as a Group Board Director of
the disabled) and Chairman of The Bermuda Society. Benfield Group plc, CEO of its International Division and of Benfield
Limited. He has nearly 32 years of experience as a Lloyd’s Broker. He is
also the Chairman of the Lloyd’s Tercentenary Research Foundation and a
Director of The Bermuda Society and the Juvenile Diabetes Research
Foundation. He chairs the University of East Anglia’s Campaign Advisory
Board. He was the President of the Insurance Institute of London in
2015–2016.
91

4.2
Society Report
Corporate Governance continued: The Council of Lloyd’s
Matthew Fosh Representative of Karen Green Member of the Remuneration Committee
Novae Corporate Underwriting Limited Member of the Risk Committee
(External member) (Working member)
Matthew Fosh is the Chief Executive Officer of Novae Group plc, which he Karen Green is the Chief Executive Officer of Aspen UK which includes
joined in 2002. He previously worked in the equity markets with Strauss Aspen Managing Agency Limited, the managing agency of Aspen’s Lloyd’s
Turnbull and Sheppards during the 1980s, before moving to the Futures & Syndicate 4711. She also performs a number of other roles within the
Options markets in 1989 where he co-founded a derivative trading Aspen Group. She had previously worked as a Principal with the global
business, Seagray Fosh Futures Ltd. He subsequently sold the business private equity firm MMC Capital Inc (now Stone Point Capital). Before this,
in 2002 to ICAP plc, before joining Novae Group. He was also a Non- she was a Director at GE Capital in London, co-running the business
Executive Director of Ariscom Compagnia di Assicurazioni S.p.A, development team responsible for mergers and acquisitions in Europe. She
until stepping down as a Director in April 2016. started her career as an Investment Banker with Baring Brothers and then
Schroders. She is a Trustee of the Lloyd’s Charities Trust. She also chairs
the Development Council for the Almeida Theatre Company and previously
chaired the Advisory Council for Almeida Projects, the theatre’s
educational outreach programme.
Dr Fred Hu* (Nominated member) Julian James (Working member)
Fred Hu is a renowned economist and investor. Between 1997 and 2010 he Julian James is President, Global Markets for Allied World Assurance
was with Goldman Sachs as a Partner and Chairman of Greater China. Company and the CEO of Allied World Managing Agency Ltd. He has
He is now Chairman of Primavera Capital Group, a China-based global worked around the Lloyd’s market since 1981 after starting his insurance
investment firm. He is a Non-Executive Director of Hang Seng Bank and career at Sedgwick (one of the former companies of Marsh & McLennan).
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, a Trustee of Yale-China Association, Prior to joining Allied World he was CEO of Lockton International and a
Co-Chair of the Nature Conservancy Asia Pacific Council, and a member of Director of the Corporation of Lloyd’s. He is Vice President of the Insurance
the US Council on Foreign Relations’ Global Board of Advisors. Institute of London and a past President of the Chartered Insurance
Institute.
*Considered to be independent members of Council.
92

Neil Maidment (Working member) Sir David Manning (Nominated member)
Member of the Risk Committee Member of the Nominations Committee
GCMG KCVO*
Neil Maidment has worked in the Lloyd’s market for 32 years. He is Sir David Manning retired from the Diplomatic Service in 2007 after four
Chief Underwriting Officer of Beazley plc and Active Underwriter for its years as Ambassador to the United States. He is a Director of Gatehouse
six Lloyd’s syndicates. He is a Director of Beazley Furlonge Limited, the Advisory Partners. He is Chair of the Advisory Board of IDEAS at the
Group’s Lloyd’s managing agency, and a Director of Beazley plc. In 2011 he London School of Economics; and of Macquarie’s Infrastructure and Real
was elected to the Board of the Lloyd’s Market Association and was Estate Advisory Board. He is on the Panel of Senior Advisers at the Royal
appointed its Chairman in November 2015. Institute of International Affairs, Chatham House; and a member of the
Advisory Board of British American Business. He is President of Step
Together; and a Trustee of the Royal Foundation.
Philip Swatman Representative of Nomina No 115 LLP Michael Watson Representative of Flectat Limited
(External member) (External member)
Member of the Audit Committee Member of the Audit Committee
Member of the Remuneration Committee
Philip Swatman is a Chartered Accountant and has been a Member of Michael Watson is Executive Chairman of Sompo Canopius AG of which
Lloyd’s since 1987. He worked for NM Rothschild for 29 years becoming he led the management buy-out in 2003. Sompo Canopius is a global
co-head of Investment Banking and retiring as a Vice-Chairman in 2008. specialty re(insurance) business owned by Sompo Holdings and has its
He was formerly Chairman of Merlin Reputation Management Ltd and a principal operations at Lloyd’s. He has over 35 years of experience in
Non-Executive Director of Investec Structured Products Calculus VCT plc, commercial and investment banking, trade finance, stock broking, life and
Mytrah Energy and New England Seafood International. He is currently non-life insurance, gained in London, Bermuda and New York. He is a
Chairman of Cambria Automobiles plc and Wyvern Partners. Chartered Accountant and serves on the Board of the Lloyd’s Market
Association and Weston Insurance Holdings Corporation.
*Considered to be independent members of Council.
93

4.2
Society Report
Corporate Governance continued: The Franchise Board
John Nelson Chairman of Lloyd’s Inga Beale DBE Chief Executive Officer
Chairman of the Nominations Committee
Member of the Remuneration Committee
Biography on page 90. Biography on page 90.
Sir Andrew Cahn Member of the Risk Committee Mark Cloutier Member of the Audit Committee
Member of the Nominations Committee
KCMG*
Sir Andrew Cahn is a Non-Executive Director at Nomura International plc Mark Cloutier was appointed Chief Executive Officer of the Brit Group in
and General Dynamics (UK). He is also a Non-Executive Director of Huawei October 2011. On 1 January 2017 he was appointed Executive Chairman of
Technologies (UK) and chairs its Audit Committee. He is Chair of WWF Brit Group. He serves on the Board of Brit Ltd and is a Member of the
(UK) and on the International Board of WWF as well as Chairman of the Investment Committee and the Executive Committee. With over 35 years
Global Audit Committee. He is also a Trustee of the Gatsby Foundation, the of experience working in the international insurance and reinsurance
Arvon Foundation and the Institute for Government. Until 2011 he was CEO sector he holds a number of non-executive positions and has held a
of UK Trade and Investment. number of CEO and senior executive positions, including CEO of the Alea
Group, CEO of Overseas Partners Re and President of E.W. Blanch
Insurance Services Inc. He has worked in partnership with a number of
leading private equity and institutional investors including KKR, Fortress
Investment Group, Apollo LP, CVC, Ontario Municipal Employees
Retirement Services and Texas Teachers Retirement Services.
94 *Considered to be an independent non-executive director.

Charles Franks Member of the Audit Committee Joy Griffiths* Chairman of the Risk Committee
Member of the Nominations Committee
Member of the Risk Committee
Charles Franks is Group Chief Executive Officer of Tokio Marine Kiln Group Joy Griffiths is Global Managing Director, Decision Analytics and Chairman,
and of its Lloyd’s managing agency, Tokio Marine Kiln Syndicates Limited Asia Pacific region, Experian. Prior to joining Experian, she worked in
and insurance company Tokio Marine Kiln Insurance Limited. Having joined financial services for over 30 years and held executive positions across a
Kiln in 1993, he became a Director of R J Kiln in 1995 and was appointed broad range of functional disciplines with Lloyds Banking Group in the UK,
Active Underwriter of the Marine division in 2001. He became Chief Wells Fargo in the US and Westpac Banking Corporation in Australia.
Executive of R J Kiln In 2007. He is an Executive Officer of Tokio Marine
Holdings.
Jon Hancock Performance Management Director Richard Keers* Chairman of the Audit Committee
Jon Hancock joined Lloyd’s as Performance Management Director in Richard Keers was appointed a Director and Chief Financial Officer of
December 2016 where he has responsibility for performance management, Schroders plc in May 2013. He is a Chartered Accountant and was a Senior
capital setting and risk management in the Market. He joined Lloyd’s from Audit Partner of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) until May 2013. He
RSA where he had enjoyed a career of over 25 years with the insurance became a Partner of PwC in 1997 and has 25 years’ experience in the
company, starting as a Marine underwriter in their Liverpool office. Working audits of global financial services groups. His experience includes time
across UK Regions, the London market as well as many years overseas, spent in PwC’s New York, Sydney, Edinburgh and London offices. He
he has held a variety of Chief Underwriter and Risk roles in both developed became a Director of Safe Harbor in April 2016.
and emerging markets prior to becoming Chief Executive Officer for
their Asia & Middle East businesses. His most recent role was Managing
Director of the UK Commercial and European Specialty Lines businesses
and Global Relationship Director for the RSA Group.
*Considered to be an independent non-executive director.
95

4.2
Society Report
Corporate Governance continued: The Franchise Board
John Parry Chief Financial Officer Richard Pryce Member of the Remuneration Committee
John Parry, Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for the financial reporting Richard Pryce, Chief Executive Officer, joined QBE European Operations
of the Market’s results and capital adequacy. Finance also covers treasury as Deputy CEO in 2012 and became CEO the following year. He has
& investment management and the tax affairs of the Corporation and worked in the London insurance market for more than 30 years, including
Market in the UK and overseas. He joined Lloyd’s in August 2001 and holding several roles at ACE, where he became President of ACE Global
previously led Lloyd’s solvency and regulatory reporting requirements and Markets in 2003, assuming the additional responsibility for the UK
the process for review and agreement of capital requirements for each business in 2007.
business in the Lloyd’s Market.
Dr Martin Read CBE* Member of the Audit Committee
Member of the Remuneration Committee
Martin Read is Chairman of Laird plc, the two government-owned
companies (the Low Carbon Contracts Company and the Electricity
Settlements Company) which manage contracts and payments under
the electricity market reform programme, the Remuneration Consultants
Group and the UK Government Senior Salaries Review Body. He was
Chief Executive of international IT services company Logica from 1993
to 2007 and has served as a Non-Executive Director on the boards of
Invensys, Aegis Group, British Airways, Siemens Holdings, Boots,
ASDA and the UK government Efficiency and Reform Board. He led
UK government reviews on back office operations and IT across the
public sector (2009) and management information (2012).
*Considered to be an independent non-executive director.
96

4.3
Society Report
Internal Control Statement
The Franchise Board, on behalf of the Council of Lloyd’s, has The Society is committed to the highest standards of business
responsibility for the Society’s system of internal control and for conduct. Corporate policies and procedures are available to all
reviewing its effectiveness. The Audit Committee monitors and staff and include the Code of Conduct, Compliance Manual,
reviews the effectiveness of the system of internal control, Employee Handbook, Health & Safety Policy, Information Security
providing biannual reports to the Franchise Board. The Executive and Computer Usage Policy, Procurement Policy, Risk Policies,
Committee is responsible for the implementation and maintenance Financial Policies and authorisation limits. These policies and
of the internal control system and for instilling a strong internal procedures are regularly reviewed and updated.
control environment across the Corporation and market.
Lloyd’s maintains an internal audit function that reports to the
The internal control system provides the foundation for the safe CEO and the Audit Committee. The Head of Internal Audit is
and sound operation of the business, ensuring compliance with supported by Deloitte LLP which provides resources to complete
relevant laws and regulations and the safeguarding of assets. the annual Internal Audit Plan.
The system is designed to reduce, rather than eliminate, the risk
Identification and evaluation of business risks
of failure to achieve business objectives and can only provide
The Risk Management Framework (the framework) ensures that
reasonable but not absolute assurance against material
the identification, assessment, monitoring and management of
misstatement or loss.
all material risks affecting the Society takes place on an ongoing
In accordance with the guidance of the UK Corporate Governance
basis. The framework includes a number of risk assessment
Code on internal control, and Solvency II requirements, there is
techniques, which are tailored to specific risk areas. These
an established, ongoing process for identifying, evaluating and
processes are described in more detail in the Risk Management
managing significant business, operational, financial, compliance
section on pages 14 to 15.
and other risks. Other procedures such as our Speaking-up Policy
One such technique is the comprehensive risk and control
whereby any member of staff may take matters that concern them
assessment process, which is conducted on a quarterly basis.
to the Head of Human Resources, the Legal and Compliance
This review re-assesses the existing risks and identifies any new
departments or, where appropriate, to the Chairman of the Audit
or emerging risks. It evaluates the performance of key controls
Committee or the FCA or the PRA, are clearly set out. Associate
and also seeks to monitor the action plans in place to help manage
companies, Ins-sure Holdings Limited and Xchanging Claims
risks. The framework also enables Lloyd’s to undertake a more
Services Limited, are not dealt with as part of the Group for the
forward looking assessment of risk, building capital consideration
purposes of applying the UK Corporate Governance Code.
into the decision making processes. An Own Risk and Solvency
The Group’s key risk management processes and the system
Assessment (ORSA) is performed every year, bringing together
of internal control procedures include the following:
key risk, capital and solvency management information on a more
Management structure formal basis for the Franchise Board on a current and future basis.
While an annual process, the ORSA is reviewed on a quarterly
‘Lloyd’s Governance Arrangements: A Guide for Members of
basis to ensure it remains relevant.
Lloyd’s Committees’, reviewed and updated in 2014, outlines
the governance structure and committee members’ duties The risk governance structure comprises of the Risk Committee
and responsibilities, including confidentiality and conflicts plus three specialist sub-committees; the Syndicate Risk
and declarations of interest. Committee, the Financial Risk Committee and the Corporation
Risk Committee. These provide clear independent challenge to
There is a clearly defined organisation structure with terms of
the risk takers at Lloyd’s and enables tailored risk management
reference agreed for the CEO and all directors which set out,
operating models, rather than a ‘one-size-fits-all’ platform.
inter alia, their functions and powers, authority to act and
The risk committees oversee, challenge and where appropriate
limitations on authority. Role profiles are required to ensure that
escalate issues using appropriate management information
employees are aware of their role and responsibilities and sets
(MI) sourced from the Risk Management and internal control
out the equivalent information, as agreed with their line manager.
frameworks, such as the various risk and control assessments,
details of the operating and regulatory environment and capital
management reports. The structure of these sub-committees is
reviewed on a regular basis to ensure it remains fit for purpose.
97

4.3
Society Report
Internal Control Statement continued
A key objective of the Lloyd’s risk governance structure is to
provide assurance to the Franchise Board that risks facing the
Society are identified and managed in accordance with approved
policy and risk appetite. The Risk Appetite Framework articulates
the level of risk believed to be acceptable and desirable for Lloyd’s
through a series of risk appetite statements and metrics. These
are monitored on an ongoing basis by both the business areas
responsible for each risk area and the relevant risk committee.
A framework of regular self-certification, with targeted independent
challenge, is in place and where control failures have been reported,
details of the circumstances are required together with appropriate
corrective actions. A summary of these reports is reviewed by the
Executive Committee, the Corporation Risk Committee, Franchise
Board and the Audit Committee on a regular basis.
Internal auditors also perform independent reviews of control
activities as part of their annual programme as approved by the
Audit Committee. The Head of Internal Audit and the Legal and
Compliance departments report to the Executive Committee on
a regular basis and to each Audit Committee meeting.
A compliance plan is in place to manage the risk associated
with non-compliance with FCA/PRA regulatory processes.
The Head of Internal Audit and the Legal and Compliance
departments provide progress reports to the Risk Committees
and the Audit Committee. The Risk Committees also oversee the
wider coordination of international regulatory compliance risk
through the Overseas Risk Assessments completed by global
offices and the Overseas Review meeting held prior to every
Corporation Risk Committee meeting.
Information and financial reporting systems
An annual budget for the Society is reviewed in detail by the
Executive Committee and is considered and approved by the
Franchise Board and Council. Monthly financial reports compare
actual performance with the annual budget and management
action is taken, where appropriate, when variances arise.
Revised forecasts are prepared regularly.
98

4.4
Society Report
Report of the Remuneration Committee
This report is based upon best practice as set out in the UK Key management and board changes
Corporate Governance Code and by reference to the directors’ There were a number of changes to our Franchise Board
remuneration reporting regulations for UK listed companies. management team in 2016. Sean McGovern, Chief Risk Officer
The code and regulations are directed at companies listed on and General Counsel, left the Corporation in September 2016
the London Stock Exchange, whereas Lloyd’s is a market of after 20 years of service. Tom Bolt, Director, Performance
many separate and competing trading entities. Nonetheless, Management, left the Corporation in May 2016 after almost
the Council supports their principles insofar as they can be seven years of service.
applied to the governance of the Society.
There were no additional payments made to these individuals
Statement by Chair of Remuneration Committee and all outstanding incentive awards lapsed.
I am pleased to present the Remuneration Committee’s report for
We appointed Jon Hancock as our Performance Management
2016 in the following pages. As in previous years, the Committee
Director from December 2016 on a salary of £500,000.
continues to focus on delivering a remuneration policy that is
Further details are provided on page 100.
capable of attracting and retaining the calibre of employees needed
In February, we announced that Bruce Carnegie-Brown is to
to deliver Vision 2025 and maintain an effective market oversight
become the Chairman of Lloyd’s from June 2017, following the
regime. The following themes underpin our remuneration policy:
retirement of John Nelson. His annual fee will be £600,000.
– Nature of the Corporation – our remuneration structure for
Key remuneration decisions
executive directors reflects the unique nature of the Corporation.
Lloyd’s made good progress against strategic priorities in 2016,
We operate a policy with a decreased emphasis on variable pay
which is reflected in the LPP and bonus awards (see pages 104
(annual bonus and LPP) to reflect better the nature and market
to 107). The annual bonus awards are driven off an assessment of
oversight role of the organisation;
each director’s performance against individual key performance
– Alignment to Vision 2025 – annual bonus payments are linked
indicators.
to the annual KPIs set out as part of our Vision 2025, and our
achievements against those priorities; and The Committee intends to continue to ensure that KPIs are
– Alignment to the Lloyd’s market – the Lloyd’s Performance stretching and aimed at delivering Vision 2025 while remaining
Plan is based on the profitability of the Lloyd’s market. This is in accordance with Lloyd’s risk policies and risk appetite.
designed to encourage an attitude of commercial partnership
No salary increases for the CEO and executive directors apply
with the market and align the interests of participants with
for 2017.
capital providers.
The Chairman’s fees for 2015 and 2016 also remained unchanged
at the level set when his contract was renewed for a further three
years in October 2014.
Review of remuneration policy
During 2016 the Committee continued to review Lloyd’s
Performance metrics framework
remuneration policy against Solvency II requirements, in light
of the evolving PRA guidance in this area.
Vision 2025 1
For 2016, for the CEO and executive directors, it is intended that
LPP awards relating to the 2016 financial year will be deferred
Strategic priority objective 2
for three years and will not be payable until April 2020. In addition,
a risk underpin assessment was applied to both annual bonus and
Interim milestones (to end 2018) 3
LPP awards.
From 2016 awards onwards, for the CEO and executive directors,
Annual KPIs 3
a portion of the annual bonus may also be deferred for three
years, where the total incentives paid do not meet the PRA
Notes: guidance to defer at least 40% of total variable pay.
1 Related market-performance metrics: annual market ROC; annual market COR;
annual market investment return. The Committee will continue to review the remuneration policy
2 ‘End state’ descriptions for each strategic priority.
3 Many of which are project milestones, given the significant volume of against Solvency II requirements and wider best practice, and
change activity. where necessary, update it as required.
Andy Haste
Chairman, Remuneration Committee
29 March 2017
99

4.4
Society Report
Report of the Remuneration Committee continued
Compliance statement
The Corporation is not required to report under the directors’ remuneration report regulations, as these only apply to UK listed
companies. The Committee has chosen to follow the disclosure principles in those regulations insofar as they can be applied to the
governance of the Society.
For the purposes of this report, ‘executive directors’ refers to Jon Hancock (Performance Management Director) and John Parry
(Chief Financial Officer) – i.e. directors who are current members of the Franchise Board.
Summary of remuneration policy
The following table provides a summary of our remuneration policy, and how this will be implemented for 2017. The full remuneration
policy is provided on pages 99 to 116.
Salary Salaries are set to appropriately recognise responsibilities and be broadly market competitive.
For 2017, salaries will be set as follows:
CEO: £715,000
Chief Financial Officer: £425,000
Performance Management Director: £500,000
Annual Bonus The discretionary annual bonus plan links reward to specific and measurable targets aligned with our
Vision 2025 strategy.
For 2017, annual bonus maximums (as a % of salary) will be:
CEO: 75% (45% on target)
Chief Financial Officer: 50% (30% on target)
Performance Management Director: 50% (30% on target)
From 2016, annual bonus awards are subject to a ‘risk underpin’. The Committee will assess performance
against risk and compliance metrics, and may apply a downward adjustment where appropriate.
For awards in respect of 2016 onwards, a portion of the annual bonus may be deferred for three years,
so that total incentives meet the PRA guidance to defer at least 40% of total variable pay.
Long-term incentives The Lloyd’s Performance Plan (LPP) offers an incentive which is directly linked to the profitability of the
Lloyd’s market. Annual LPP Awards are calculated by reference to profit levels in the year.
LPP awards will only be triggered for profit in excess of £100m.
For 2016 and subsequent years, for the CEO and executive directors, it is intended that the whole of the
LPP award will be deferred for three years and will be paid in the fourth financial year following the end of
the performance period.
For the CEO and executive directors, a maximum cap of 50% of salary applies.
From 2016, LPP awards are subject to a ‘risk underpin’. The Committee will assess performance against
risk and compliance metrics, and may apply a downward adjustment where appropriate.
Pension The CEO and Performance Management Director are members of the Group Pension Plan (or equivalent),
which is a defined contribution plan.
The Chief Financial Officer participates in the Lloyd’s pension scheme, which is a defined benefit scheme
no longer open to new joiners.
All executive directors receive a cash allowance of 20% of base salary.
100

CEO and executive director remuneration policy – link to strategy
The structure of total compensation for the CEO and executive directors is designed to support the strategic priorities of our Vision
2025 and reflect the nature of the Corporation. Further details on how our executive remuneration policy supports our strategy is set
out in the table below.
Vision 2025 – Key priority Objectives of the strategic priority How does our executive remuneration policy support our strategic priorities?
Market oversight Lloyd’s market oversight will be – The structure of total compensation for the CEO and senior executives is
supportive of sustainable profit designed to reflect the market oversight role of the Corporation. The fixed
growth and will be valued by all element is higher and the variable (performance-related) element lower,
stakeholders. in order to better reflect the nature of the organisation.
Global market access Lloyd’s international growth will be
– We operate a balanced approach to performance measurement.
enabled by offering optimum trading
The annual bonus is linked to Lloyd’s key strategic objectives outlined
rights and effective operational
in Vision 2025. KPIs are set each year which support the delivery of
infrastructure.
our long-term vision.
Ease of doing business Lloyd’s will have a leading industry
service proposition, built on – The direct link between LPP and the profitability of the Lloyd’s market is
excellence in processes, technology designed to encourage an attitude of commercial partnership with the
and data. market and align the interests of participants with capital providers.
Capital Lloyd’s optimal capital strength and – A consistent approach is taken across the organisation. Lloyd’s operates
attractiveness will be designed and a Total Reward approach which is designed to meet employee and
demonstrated. Corporation needs by providing rewards that are linked to individual
performance and the delivery of Corporation objectives.
Innovation Lloyd’s will build on its leading edge
of capability and reputation for
– Our reward policy is designed to facilitate the future success of the
innovation in the global insurance
Corporation by ensuring that the executive package may be sufficient
industry.
to attract executive directors of the calibre required to deliver the
Talent Lloyd’s market and Corporation will Corporation’s strategic priorities. It seeks to ensure that no more than
continue to attract and retain the best is necessary is paid on recruitment, while taking into account a highly
talent through a high performance competitive and global market for talent.
culture, best practices and
inspirational leadership. – All of our executive remuneration practices are designed to protect the
brand and reputation of Lloyd’s and to promote sound and effective risk
Brand Lloyd’s brand will remain admired
management. Incentives (annual bonus and LPP) are subject to a potential
and attractive to customers and
downward adjustment if risk management practices and standards are not
market participants.
considered to have been sufficiently met.
Global CSR Lloyd’s will remain a responsible
global corporate citizen through its – To ensure the long-term sustainability of the Lloyd’s brand and reputation,
ethical principles and practices, and we operate malus and clawback provisions on all incentives to ensure that
sharing of knowledge and expertise. senior executives act responsibly and in the long-term interests of the
Corporation.
101

4.4
Society Report
Report of the Remuneration Committee continued
Corporation remuneration policy – all employees
The approach to remuneration for all current and future employees is set out in Lloyd’s Remuneration Policy as follows:
Lloyd’s operates a Total Reward approach, which is designed to meet employee and Corporation needs by providing rewards that are
linked to individual performance and the delivery of Lloyd’s Corporation objectives. Lloyd’s Total Reward approach is supported by the
following practices:
– The approach looks beyond base salary to the value of the total reward package in meeting the needs of employees;
– We recognise and reward superior performance; and
– Our remuneration practices are designed to promote and reward sound and effective risk management.
Lloyd’s policy is therefore based on providing a package of rewards (salary plus benefits) that is business driven, competitive, fair and
flexible. It is also founded on the proposition that the ultimate source of value in the business is people. Combining this creates a reward
offering which:
– Emanates from business strategies and priorities;
– Is based on business success (i.e. our ability to pay);
– Provides a flexible mix of rewards, designed to attract, retain and motivate a performance-driven workforce with the varied range of
experience and skills the business requires;
– Is externally competitive;
– Rewards for performance rather than cost of living;
– Ensures employees understand the criteria by which rewards are determined and reviewed;
– Gives managers the tools to make informed decisions regarding rewarding their teams; and
– Is in line with our equality and diversity policy.
Annual remuneration report
This part of the report sets out the annual remuneration for 2016 and the way in which policy is being applied for 2017.
102

Single total figure of remuneration
The total remuneration receivable in respect of qualifying services for each person who served as a Franchise Board director or member of
Council during the year is shown below. Further detail on LPP Awards is shown on page 106 to 107.
Salary/fees Other benefits1 Annual bonus LPP Award Pension benefit2 Total
2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Chairman of the Council of Lloyd’s
John Nelson3,4,7 575 575 48 43 – – – – – – 623 618
Executive directors
Inga Beale3,4 714 700 5 4 400 425 226 222 180 180 1,525 1,531
Jon Hancock3,5,12 42 – 1 – – – – – 8 – 51 –
John Parry3,5,6 423 400 17 16 120 170 134 127 150 166 844 879
Non-executive Council members
Working members
Simon Beale 55 38 – – – – – – – – 55 38
Dominic Christian 39 38 – – – – – – – – 39 38
Karen Green8 39 34 – – – – – – – – 39 34
Lawrence Holder 39 38 – – – – – – – – 39 38
Julian James8 35 – – – – – – – – – 35 –
Neil Maidment8 35 – – – – – – – – – 35 –
External members
Robert Childs9 39 38 – – – – – – – – 39 38
Matthew Fosh9 39 38 – – – – – – – – 39 38
Paul Jardine7,9 66 64 – – – – – – – – 66 64
Philip Swatman7,8,9 50 – – – – – – – – – 50 –
Michael Watson9 39 38 – – – – – – – – 39 38
Nominated members
Andy Haste7 88 86 – – – – – – – – 88 86
Fred Hu 39 38 2 2 – – – – – – 41 40
Sir David Manning 46 45 – – – – – – – – 46 45
Non-executive Franchise
Board members
Sir Andrew Cahn 63 60 – – – – – – – – 63 60
Mark Cloutier14 72 52 – – – – – – – – 72 52
Charles Franks 76 69 – – – – – – – – 76 69
Joy Griffiths 63 60 – – – – – – – – 63 60
Richard Keers14 43 – – – – – – – – – 43 –
Martin Read7 70 67 1 2 – – – – – – 71 69
Former members of Council and
Franchise Board
Rupert Atkin10 5 55 – – – – – – – – 5 55
Tom Bolt5,6,11 250 598 19 24 – 350 – 254 64 161 333 1,387
Michael Deeny10 32 38 9 4 – – – – – – 41 42
Nick Furlonge7,15 76 72 1 – – – – – – – 77 72
Christopher Harman10 3 38 – – – – – – – – 3 38
Claire Ighodaro15 75 75 – – – – – – – – 75 75
Andrew Kendrick13 – 19 – – – – – – – – – 19
Alan Lovell7,10 12 60 – – – – – – – – 12 60
Sean McGovern5,6,11 363 480 11 15 – 190 – 203 16 157 390 1,045
Henrique Meirelles10 10 38 4 5 – – – – – – 14 43
Bruce Van Saun15 33 76 1 – – – – – – – 34 76
Graham White10 – 4 – – – – – – – – – 4
The information in this table has been audited by the independent auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.
103

4.4
Society Report
Report of the Remuneration Committee continued
Single total figure of remuneration continued
Table notes
1. Other benefits include items such as benefit allowances, car benefit, medical and life insurance.
2. Pension benefit is calculated as 20 times the increase in pension in the year (net of inflation) less the salary sacrificed, and also includes any pension cash allowances.
3. Current employee of the Corporation.
4. Member of both Council and Franchise Board for 2016.
5. Member of the Franchise Board only.
6. Tom Bolt was a non-executive director of Xchanging Claims Services Limited and various subsidiary companies until 24 March 2016. Sean McGovern was also a non-executive
director of Equitas Holdings Limited and various subsidiary companies until his resignation on 22 June 2016 and was succeeded by John Parry as a non-executive director of
Equitas Holdings Limited and various subsidiary companies with effect from 22 June 2016. No fees are or were payable for these appointments, other than for Equitas Holdings
Limited where £20k per annum is payable to the Corporation of Lloyd’s.
7. Member of the Remuneration Committee during 2016. Alan Lovell retired from the Remuneration Committee on 31 January 2016 and Philip Swatman joined the Remuneration
Committee on 4 February 2016.
8. Julian James, Neil Maidment and Philip Swatman joined Council on 1 February 2016. Karen Green joined Council on 1 February 2015.
9. The following members of Council act as representatives of limited liability underwriting vehicles – Robert Childs (Hiscox Dedicated Corporate Member Limited), Matthew Fosh
(Novae Corporate Underwriting Limited), Paul Jardine (Catlin Syndicate Limited), Philip Swatman (Nomina No 115 LLP) and Michael Watson (Flectat Limited).
10. Graham White retired from Council on 31 January 2015. Rupert Atkin, Christopher Harman and Alan Lovell retired from Council on 31 January 2016. Henrique Meirelles and
Michael Deeny retired from Council on 7 April 2016 and 31 October 2016 respectively. Following members acted as representatives of limited liability underwriting vehicles –
Michael Deeny (The Michael Deeny LLP) and Alan Lovell (Palace House International (Two) LLP).
11. Tom Bolt resigned as a Corporation employee and as a member of the Franchise Board on 31 May 2016. Sean McGovern also resigned as a Corporation employee and as a
member of the Franchise Board on 30 September 2016.
12. Jon Hancock was formally appointed as Performance Management Director and as an executive director on the Franchise Board on 1 December 2016.
13. Andrew Kendrick retired from the Franchise Board and from the Remuneration Committee on 31 March 2015.
14. Mark Cloutier joined the Franchise Board on 1 April 2015. Richard Keers joined the Franchise Board on 1 June 2016.
15. Bruce Van Saun and Claire Ighodaro retired from the Franchise Board on 31 May 2016 and 31 December 2016 respectively. Nick Furlonge retired from the Franchise Board and
Remuneration Committee on 31 December 2016.
Salary
The annual salaries and bonuses of the CEO and the executive directors are reviewed by the Remuneration Committee annually.
2017 salaries are as follows:
2017
Base salaries Increase
£000 on 2016
CEO 715 0%
Performance Management Director 500 –
Chief Financial Officer 425 0%
Annual bonus
Executive directors are eligible for a discretionary annual bonus, based on performance against objectives and individual key
performance indicators for the year. For 2017, the maximum annual opportunity for the CEO and each of the executive directors is as
follows:
CEO 75% of base salary
Chief Financial Officer 50% of base salary
Performance Management Director 50% of base salary
Performance measures
Individual payouts are based on the Committee’s judgement of performance against corporate and individual key performance
indicators (KPIs) for the year. The Remuneration Committee reviews strategic and operational objectives and KPIs at the start of the
financial year. These help in determining the annual bonus awards for the year and ensure that annual bonus awards are aligned to the
Corporation’s strategic objectives.
From 2016, annual bonus awards were subject to a ‘risk underpin’. The Committee assesses performance against risk and compliance
metrics, and may apply a downward adjustment where appropriate. The Committee decided to apply a downward adjustment to four
individual bonus awards across the Corporation.
104

Bonus outturns for 2016
The following table sets out the strategic targets and performance against each of the annual KPIs linked to our Vision 2025 strategy,
which resulted in the bonus outcomes for 2016.
Annual KPI (strategic priority) Performance
Market oversight The syndicate capital and planning process was reviewed and improvements made. Lloyd’s carried out a
portfolio review of poorly performing classes which fed into syndicate business planning for 2017.
Global market access Lloyd’s application for an onshore reinsurance licence in India received final stage approval in January 2017.
Lloyd’s Brexit contingency plans were developed and are now in progress.
Ease of doing business The electronic placing platform went live for Terrorism, Financial and Professional lines. The Central Service
Refresh Programme is enabling brokers to submit premium information electronically.
Capital Lloyd’s continued to consolidate its Solvency II activities, embedding them throughout its processes. Lloyd’s
solvency ratios remained well above the SCRs.
Innovation Lloyd’s continued to provide thought leadership, for example with its insights on cyber risk. Work on a
Lloyd’s performance index was put on hold following the Brexit referendum.
Talent The Corporation continued to coordinate emerging talent programmes on behalf of the market. The Lloyd’s
University was launched, a digital learning management system for employees to access a suite of learning
products.
Brand Lloyd’s has a pre-eminent position achieving consistently high scores across key brand measures with brand
health at parity with best in class (re)insurance companies (based on an independent survey in 2015).
Global CSR Over 25 of Lloyd’s global offices took part in the ‘Lloyd’s Together’ CSR programme supporting a wide range
of causes in their local communities.
In 2016, annual bonus awards were also subject to a ‘risk underpin’. The Committee assessed performance against a range of
Corporation risk and compliance metrics and applied downward adjustments as necessary.
Taking into account an overall assessment of individual performance and contribution in the year, the Committee determined the
following annual bonus payments:
CEO 1 £400,000
Chief Financial Officer £120,000
Director, Performance Management 2 (previous incumbent) £0
Chief Risk Officer & General Counsel 2 (previous incumbent) £0
Notes
1) An element of the 2016 annual bonus for the CEO will be deferred for payment in April 2020, to comply with Solvency II remuneration requirements on minimum levels
of variable remuneration subject to deferral.
2) The Director, Performance Management and the Chief Risk Officer & General Counsel left employment during 2016 and received no payments under the annual bonus
plan in respect of 2016.
105

4.4
Society Report
Report of the Remuneration Committee continued
Lloyd’s Performance Plan
The Lloyd’s Performance Plan (LPP) is available to all employees and has been designed to meet strategic objectives by enabling the
Corporation to offer an incentive which:
– Is directly linked to the profitability of the Lloyd’s market and will therefore encourage an attitude of commercial partnership with the
market and align the interests of participants with capital providers; and
– Will provide a competitive reward and therefore assist Lloyd’s in attracting and retaining the talented individuals required to develop
and support future strategy.
The plan is operated at the discretion of the Remuneration Committee and can be amended or terminated at any time.
All employees of the Corporation and international offices are eligible to participate in the LPP on the basis set out as below.
New employees are eligible to participate in the LPP from the beginning of the month immediately following the start of their employment.
Calculation of LPP Awards
Awards under the LPP (LPP Awards) are calculated by reference to profit on ordinary activities before tax (PBT), as reported in the pro
forma financial statements in the Lloyd’s Annual Report for each financial year. LPP Awards will only be triggered if PBT in excess of
£100m is achieved.
The LPP Awards for each financial year will be calculated as a percentage of the participants’ salaries at 31 December in that year,
for each £1bn of PBT.
The framework for determining LPP Awards is as follows:
Amount of Limits on LPP Awards Limits on LPP Awards
Job level LPP Award (trigger) (cap)
CEO and directors appointed after 15% of salary per £1bn of PBT LPP Awards will be triggered only 50% of salary i.e. £3.3bn of PBT
1 January 2014 on the achievement of a minimum
threshold of £100m PBT. If PBT is
Other directors 20% of salary per £1bn of PBT 100% of salary i.e. £5bn of PBT
below £100m, no LPP Awards will
be made for that financial year.
Senior managers 10% of salary per £1bn of PBT 30% of salary i.e. £3bn of PBT
(Level 1)
Other employees 5%-3% of salary per £1bn of PBT 15%-9% of salary (depending on
(Level 2-4) depending on grade grade) i.e. £3bn of PBT
For the purpose of the above table and the section below, directors refer to directors of the Corporation rather than only the executive
directors (directors who are members of the Franchise Board).
Structure and timing of payments
2016 and subsequent years
For 2016 and subsequent years, in respect of the CEO and all directors and Level 1 employees, any LPP award will be deferred until April
in the fourth year following the end of the relevant financial year, subject to the PRA’s proportionality test based on total compensation
and the proportion of variable compensation paid in respect of the relevant financial year. Therefore, for 2016 awards, any LPP payment
will be deferred and paid in April 2020.
For employees whose remuneration is below the PRA’s proportionality test (e.g. some level 1 employees), the LPP will revert to the
ongoing fund basis. Under this approach, one half of an award will be paid in April following the relevant financial year, with the remaining
50% paid one year later. This is not intended to apply to the CEO and executive directors, who are expected to fall above the
proportionality test and be subject to the full deferral period.
106

2014 and 2015 awards
For 2014 and 2015 awards, in respect of the CEO and directors appointed after January 2014, the total award was deferred until the third
year following the year of performance. For other directors and Level 1 employees deferral was via an ongoing fund as described below:
Job level Awards Payments
CEO and directors appointed after Any LPP Award will be notified after the PBT for the Payment is deferred until October in the third year
1 January 2014 relevant year has been announced. following the end of the relevant financial year,
i.e. any LPP Award relating to financial year 2015
will be received in October 2018.
Other directors and Level 1 Any LPP Award will be notified to the employee after the Each October one half of the total contents of the LPP
employees PBT for the relevant year has been announced. The total Fund will be paid to the employee. 50% of the ongoing
amount of the LPP Award will be added to the particular fund will be paid in October and the remaining balance
employee’s LPP Fund. will be paid one year later.
LPP Awards in respect of 2016
For 2016, PBT of £2.1bn was achieved. As this is above the threshold level of £100m LPP Awards were made for the year.
For 2016, LPP Awards were also subject to a ‘risk underpin’. The Committee assessed performance against a range of market-based
risk and compliance metrics and no adjustment for the risk underpin was made for 2016 awards.
Based on this PBT level and the LPP calculation described above, the LPP Awards as a percentage of salary were 31.7% for the CEO
and the Chief Financial Officer. The Director, Performance Management and the Chief Risk Officer and General Counsel left employment
during 2016 and received no payments under the LPP in respect of 2016.
The payment of these awards will be made as described in the table above.
A summary of movement in the directors’ LPP Funds in the year is provided below:
Total fund Amount paid
outstanding as at Amount lapsing during the Total fund
31 December during the year ended LPP Award in outstanding as at
2015 or date of year ended 31 31 December respect of 31 December
appointment December 2016 2016 2016 2016
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Inga Beale 526 – – 226 752
Tom Bolt 575 (575) – – –
Jon Hancock – – – – –
Sean McGovern 463 (463) – – –
John Parry 188 – (61) 134 261
The information in this table has been audited by the independent auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.
Pensions
The CEO receives an annual contribution of £40,000 into the Group Personal Pension Plan (GPP), the Corporation’s pension scheme.
From April 2016, due to changes in the annual allowance, this was structured as a £10,000 contribution, with a cash allowance of
£26,362 (which is the balance of a £40,000 contribution less employer’s NI). The CEO also receives a cash allowance of 20% of salary,
in line with other executive directors.
The Performance Management Director receives an annual contribution of £10,000 into the Group Personal Pension Plan (GPP).
He also receives an annual cash allowance of 20% of base salary.
107

4.4
Society Report
Report of the Remuneration Committee continued
Pensions continued
The Chief Financial Officer is a member of the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme. The terms of the Scheme and details of accruals and
contributions in the year are as follows:
Details of pension arrangements Contributions and accruals in 2016
John Parry Pension arrangements provide for a pension at normal Salary sacrifice of 10% of the earnings cap in exchange for
retirement of two thirds base annual salary after 20 years’ additional employer pension contributions of the same
eligible service less any entitlement from previous pension amount.
arrangements and subject to a Scheme earnings cap of
£150,600 from 6 April 2016.
The Chief Financial Officer receives a cash allowance of 20% of base salary to compensate for the pension benefits being based on the
Scheme earnings cap rather than base salary.
No other payments to the CEO, the Performance Management Director, or the Chief Financial Officer are pensionable. Their dependants
are eligible for the payment of a lump sum in the event of death in service and, for the Chief Financial Officer, dependants’ pensions.
Details of the rights under the Lloyd’s pension scheme are set out below:
Increase in
Increase in pension in Total accrued
Salary sacrifice pension in year to annual pension
in year to year to 31 December in year to
31 December Age at 31 December 2016 – net of 31 December
2016 31 December 2016 – actual price inflation 2016 Normal
£000 2016 £000 £000 £000 pa retirement age
John Parry 15 53 5 4 64 60
Tom Bolt (resigned) 3 60 1 1 13 65
Sean McGovern (resigned) 11 46 (2) (3) 53 60
Details of the transfer values of accrued pension benefits are set out below:
Transfer value Movement in
Transfer value of accrued transfer value
of accrued pension as at over the year
pension as at 31 31 December less amounts
December 2015 2016 salary sacrificed
£000 £000 £000
John Parry 1,018 1,376 343
Tom Bolt (resigned) 191 251 57
Sean McGovern (resigned) 742 959 206
The transfer value represents a liability of the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme, not a sum paid or due to the individual.
The transfer values have increased over the year in line with the increase in accrued pensions and due to changes in market conditions.
The impact is more pronounced for those executive directors closer to retirement age.
Departing Directors
Sean McGovern, Chief Risk Officer & General Counsel, left the Corporation in September 2016 after 20 years of service. Tom Bolt,
Director, Performance Management, left the Corporation in May 2016 after almost seven years of service.
Neither received annual bonus awards in respect of 2016 and the outstanding balance of LPP awards lapsed.
108

Service contracts and loss of office payment policy
The CEO and executive directors have rolling contracts with notice periods which will not exceed one year.
John Nelson’s contract covers his services as Chairman of Lloyd’s and Chairman of the Franchise Board.
Unexpired term as at
31 December 2016 Notice period
John Nelson1 9 months 12 months
Inga Beale2 rolling 1 year 12 months
Jon Hancock3 rolling 6 months 6 months
John Parry4 rolling 6 months 6 months
Notes
1) John Nelson was appointed to the Franchise Board and Council on 17 October 2011.
2) Inga Beale was appointed to the Franchise Board and Council on 27 January 2014.
3) Jon Hancock was appointed to the Franchise Board on 1 December 2016.
4) John Parry was appointed to the Franchise Board on 11 December 2014.
The Chairman, CEO and executive directors’ service contracts are kept available for inspection by Lloyd’s members at the Corporation’s
registered office.
External and working members are elected to Council while nominated members are appointed to Council, usually for a three-year
period. Members of the Franchise Board are appointed by Council with non-executive directors’ terms of office varying between one and
three years. These are not contractual arrangements and compensation is not paid if a member leaves early.
Additional disclosures
Eight-year CEO remuneration
Annual bonus
CEO single award as a LPP award as a
figure of total percentage of percentage of
remuneration maximum maximum
£000 opportunity opportunity
2016 1,525 75% 63%
2015 1,531 81% 63%
2014 1,494 74% 95%
2013 1,795 75% 65%
2012 1,759 75% 55%
2011 1,499 90% 0%
2010 1,750 90% 44%
2009 1,771 83% 77%
109

4.4
Society Report
Report of the Remuneration Committee continued
Chief Executive Officer pay increase in relation to all employees
The table below sets out details of the change in remuneration for the CEO and all Corporation employees.
All
CEO % employees %
Salary 0 3.1
Other benefits 12.2 6.3
Annual bonus (5.9) (9.4)
The increase in other benefits of the CEO arises due to the increased cost of medical insurance.
Relative importance of spend on pay
2016 2015
£000 £000
Corporation operating income 331,761 238,990
Total remuneration – all employees 130,311 110,817
Operating income excludes income relating to the Central Fund. Total remuneration excludes items such as employer’s social security
costs, net interest on defined benefit liability, non-executive remuneration, and recruitment fees.
Remuneration for the Chairman and members of the Council of Lloyd’s and Franchise Board who are not employees
of the Corporation
The Chairman’s remuneration was not increased in 2016 and will remain unchanged at £575k per annum for 2017.
Fees for 2016 for Council and Franchise Board members were £38,500 and £62,000 per annum respectively. Fees will not be increased
for Franchise Board members for 2017. Fees are also payable in respect of membership of a number of Council and Franchise Board
committees, including ad hoc committees established to consider specific issues requiring a significant time commitment. These will
remain at 2016 levels. For 2016 the additional fee payable to the Deputy Chairmen, over and above the standard Council member’s fee,
was £11,000 per annum. It will not be increased for 2017.
Details of the Remuneration Committee, advisers to the committee and their fees
Within the policy for remuneration approved by the Council, the Remuneration Committee is responsible for setting the total individual
remuneration package for the Chairman of Lloyd’s, the Chief Executive Officer, each executive director, any other direct reports of the
Chief Executive Officer and such other members of the executive management (including individual consultants) as it is designated
to consider.
The Remuneration Committee currently comprises six members – three members of Council, two members of the Franchise Board and
the Chairman of Lloyd’s. It has been chaired by Andy Haste (a Nominated member of Council and Senior Independent Deputy Chairman)
since November 2012.
The Remuneration Committee met four times in 2016. The attendance record is set out in the Corporate Governance report on pages
88 to 89. The Committee’s terms of reference are available on the Lloyd’s website and on request from Lloyd’s Secretariat.
The Remuneration Committee was assisted by its remuneration consultants, Deloitte LLP, who adhere to the Code of Conduct for
executive remuneration consultants. Deloitte LLP was appointed by the Remuneration Committee. Deloitte LLP adheres to working
practices which have been agreed with the Remuneration Committee Chairman, for the purpose of maintaining independence.
The Committee is satisfied that the advice received from Deloitte LLP was objective and independent. Total fees paid in respect of
advice and services to assist the Remuneration Committee amounted to £60,700 for the year. Deloitte LLP also provided other services
to the Corporation during the year, including the co-sourced Internal Audit resource, risk and project management advice, other adhoc
assurance services and tax advice.
110

At the request of the Remuneration Committee, the CEO and HR Director regularly attend Remuneration Committee meetings.
Other senior executives are invited to attend for specific agenda items from time to time.
Neither the Chairman, nor the CEO, nor any other director, plays a part in any discussion about his or her own remuneration.
Remuneration policy
This part of the report sets out the Corporation’s current remuneration policy for the CEO and executive directors, which follows in all
material respects the regulations applicable to UK listed companies. The policy is not legally binding, and the Committee reserves the
right to amend the policy at any time.
Purpose and link
Element to strategy Operation Maximum Performance conditions
Base salary Salaries set to appropriately Generally reviewed by the There is no maximum salary None
recognise responsibilities Remuneration Committee increase; however, any
and be broadly market annually. increases will generally
competitive. reflect our approach to all
employee salary increases.
Exceptions, in certain
circumstances, may be made,
for example to reflect a new
appointment, change in role/
adoption of additional
responsibilities, changes
to market practice or the
development of the individual
in the role.
Annual bonus To link reward to short-term Discretionary annual bonus Current bonus maximums as Specific and measurable
performance and determined by the Committee a percentage of salary are: targets and key performance
contributions. taking into account reference indicators are established
to performance against CEO: 75% (with on target where possible to help
objectives and key of 45%) determine bonus awards.
performance indicators.
Performance Management Payouts are discretionary
For bonuses payable in Director: 50% (with on target and take into account the
respect of performance in of 30%) individual’s achievements
2014 and subsequent years, and contribution to the
the Committee retains the Chief Financial Officer: Corporation in the year and
discretion to clawback 50% (with on target of 30%) performance against the
annual bonus awards in objectives and individual key
circumstances including, performance indicators.
but not limited to, material
misstatement of financial From 2016, annual bonus
performance or misconduct. awards will be subject to
a ‘risk underpin’. The
For 2016 awards onwards, Committee will assess
it is intended that an element performance against risk
of the annual bonus may be and compliance metrics,
deferred for three years, and may apply a downward
where total variable adjustment where
remuneration (annual bonus appropriate.
and LPP) does not meet the
40% deferral threshold set
out in PRA guidance.
111

4.4
Society Report
Report of the Remuneration Committee continued
Remuneration policy continued
Purpose and link
Element to strategy Operation Maximum Performance conditions
Lloyd’s Performance Plan To offer an incentive which Annual LPP Awards are For all executive directors, Annual LPP Awards are
(LPP) is directly linked to the calculated by reference to (CEO, Performance calculated by reference to
profitability of the Lloyd’s profit levels in the year. Management Director and Lloyd’s profit for the year.
market. Chief Financial Officer) an
individual cap of 50% of
salary applies.
For 2016 and subsequent LPP Awards will only be
years, for the CEO and the triggered for profit in excess
executive directors, it is of £100m.
intended that the whole of the
LPP award will be deferred From 2016, LPP awards will
for three years and will be be subject to a ‘risk underpin’.
paid in April of the fourth The Committee will assess
financial year following the performance against risk and
end of the performance compliance metrics, and may
period. apply a downward
adjustment where
For 2015, for the CEO, and appropriate.
the Chief Financial Officer (in
respect of awards earned
subsequent to his
appointment to the Board),
the whole award is deferred,
and is paid in October of the
third financial year following
the end of the performance
period.
The Committee may apply
malus and clawback to LPP
Awards in respect of 2014
and subsequent years.
Benefits To provide market levels Benefits include a benefits The maximum benefits cash None
of benefits. cash allowance, private allowance is £11,000.
medical insurance, life
insurance and a season There is no overall maximum
ticket loan facility. for total benefits as the cost
of medical and life insurance
The CEO does not receive a depends on the individual’s
benefits cash allowance. circumstances.
Relocation benefits To support Lloyd’s Relocation benefits may There is no overall maximum. None
international strategy or to be offered in certain
facilitate recruitment circumstances.
Neither the CEO nor the
executive directors have been
given relocation benefits.
112

Purpose and link
Element to strategy Operation Maximum Performance conditions
Pension To provide market levels of Group Personal Pension Plan
pension provision.
The CEO and Performance For the CEO, from April 2016, None
Management Director are the Corporation makes an
members of the Group annual contribution of
Personal Pension Plan, which £10,000 to the Group
is a defined contribution plan. Personal Pension Plan.
The CEO and Performance
Management Director also
receive a cash allowance. Due to changes in pension
legislation during 2016, the
Lloyd’s provides for the CEO also receives a cash
payment of a lump sum in payment (equal to the
the event of death in service. balance of her previous
annual pension contribution,
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme less a deduction for
employers’ National
Subject to a scheme earnings Insurance so that the
cap, the Chief Financial provision of the benefit
Officer continues to be a remains cost neutral).
member of the Lloyd’s
Pension Scheme which is
a defined benefit scheme A cash allowance of 20%
and is no longer open to of base salary also applies.
new joiners.
The scheme is contributory. Defined benefit accrual rates
The accrual rate may be vary per participant.
increased in exchange for
additional contributions,
or salary sacrifices may
be made for employer
contributions of the same
amount.
The Chief Financial Officer The cash allowance is 20%
receives a cash allowance to of base salary.
compensate for the pension
benefits being based on the
scheme earnings cap rather
than base salary.
Where a member of the There is an additional cash
Lloyd’s pension scheme allowance of 10% of the
leaves the scheme as a scheme earnings cap where
result of the impact of a member leaves the scheme
changes to the annual and as a result of the impact of
lifetime allowances they may changes to the annual and
be eligible for an additional lifetime allowances.
cash allowance.
Dependants are eligible for
dependants’ pensions and
the payment of a lump sum in
the event of death in service.
113

4.4
Society Report
Report of the Remuneration Committee continued
Remuneration policy continued
Performance measures and targets
The annual bonus is based on performance against objectives and individual key performance indicators. The Committee believes
this approach ensures alignment to Lloyd’s key strategic objectives and that bonus payouts are geared to individual performance.
The LPP Awards are driven by the profitability of the Lloyd’s market, creating alignment to the overall performance of the Lloyd’s market.
For 2016 onwards, both the annual bonus and the LPP will be subject to a potential downward risk adjustment following the Committee’s
consideration of a scorecard of relevant risk metrics.
Malus and clawback
For LPP Awards and annual bonus awards in respect of 2014 and subsequent years, malus and clawback provisions apply.
Malus may be applied prior to payment including any deferral period. For senior employees (excluding the CEO) the circumstances
in which malus may be applied are employee misconduct, material financial misstatement for which the employee was responsible,
or deliberate or negligent failure in risk management for which the employee was responsible. In addition, the Committee retains the
discretion to clawback awards for a period of six years from the date of award. The circumstances in which clawback may be applied
are serious employee misconduct, material financial misstatement for which the employee was responsible, or deliberate failure in risk
management for which the employee was responsible.
For the CEO, the circumstances in which malus may be applied are broader and include, but are not limited to, employee misconduct
or the performance indicators relied on to determine the award being found to be materially different. The circumstances in which
clawback may be applied are employee misconduct or the performance indicators relied on by the Committee being found to be
materially different to those previously considered by the Committee (whether or not involving any culpability on the part of the
individual). The clawback period is indefinite for the CEO.
Comparison of policy to broader employee population
The remuneration policy for the CEO and executive directors follows the same broad principles as the policy for all employees in
the Corporation. Any differences in the specific policies generally reflect differences in market practice for differences in seniority.
Key elements of the remuneration policy which apply for all employees are as follows:
– All employees in the Corporation are eligible to participate in the LPP. For directors and senior management (other than the CEO,
Chief Operating Officer, and the Chief Financial Officer) in 2015, the LPP operated as an ongoing fund (deferral). For 2016 onwards,
LPP awards will be deferred for three years for the CEO, all directors and senior management. For other employees the LPP is a series
of annual awards;
– All employees are eligible for a discretionary bonus; and
– The framework for provision of benefits and pensions is consistent across all employees in the Corporation.
114

Fee policy for the Chairman and members of the Council of Lloyd’s and Franchise Board who are not employees of the Corporation
In addition to his salary, the Chairman is entitled to receive private medical insurance. He does not participate in the Corporation’s
incentive plans.
The Chairman and CEO are responsible for making recommendations to the Council for the remuneration of members of Council,
the Franchise Board and their committees (other than themselves and the executive directors). In making their recommendations,
the Chairman and CEO may liaise and consult with the Remuneration Committee as they think appropriate.
Remuneration for all members of Council and Franchise Board who are not employees of the Corporation is designed to attract people
of sufficient calibre and experience to govern Lloyd’s affairs by providing an appropriate level of fees which reflects the demands made
upon them. Reference may also be made to independent surveys of fees paid to non-executive directors of similar organisations.
Fees for non-employee members of the Council and Franchise Board comprise payment of an annual fee and additional fees to reflect
specific responsibilities, where applicable.
Annual fees Payment of an annual fee for the following:
– Council of Lloyd’s membership;
– Franchise Board membership; and
– Deputy Chairman
Additional fees Additional fees are paid to reflect additional responsibilities in respect of membership or
chairmanship of a number of Council and Franchise Board committees, including ad hoc
committees established to consider specific issues requiring a significant time commitment.
Non-employee members of the Council and Franchise Board are not eligible to join the Lloyd’s Pension arrangements.
Illustrations of the application of remuneration policy
2000
£1,793k
20%
1500 £1,400k
13%
30% £1,123k
23% £1,018k
1000 £899k £898k 22%
£827k 21% Long-term
14%
£623k 17% 22% £593k 1 1 3 5% % 21% v re a m ria u b n l e e r ation
Annual
500
variable
100% 64% 50% 100% 69% 55% 100% 72% 58% remuneration
Fixed remuneration
(including pension
0 and other benefits)
Min Mid Max Min Mid Max Min Mid Max
CEO Performance Management Chief Financial Officer
Director
Scenario Assumptions
Minimum No annual bonus, no LPP.
Middle On target bonus (i.e. 60% of maximum bonus) and 50% of maximum LPP.
Maximum 100% of bonus and maximum LPP.
115

4.4
Society Report
Report of the Remuneration Committee continued
Remuneration policy continued Compensation for termination of employment
If the CEO or executive director works out his or her notice period,
Approach to remuneration in respect of recruitment
he or she will be entitled to payment as normal during the period
The following principles would apply when agreeing the
of notice. Alternatively, the Corporation reserves the right to
components of a remuneration package upon the recruitment
terminate the employment by making a payment in lieu of notice.
of a new executive director:
In these circumstances, the Corporation’s policy is that the
– In order to facilitate the future success of the Corporation,
outgoing employee would be entitled to receive an amount
any package will be sufficient to attract executive directors
equal to base salary only in respect of his or her notice period.
of the calibre required to deliver the Corporation’s strategic
The sum will be paid in monthly instalments to the CEO and,
priorities. The Committee will seek to ensure that no more than
in respect of the executive directors, the sum may be paid in
is necessary is paid on recruitment, while taking into account
monthly instalments at the Corporation’s discretion. In both cases,
the highly competitive market for executive talent;
the sum paid may be reduced to reflect alternative income.
– Typically, the individual will be transitioned onto an ongoing
In certain circumstances a contribution towards legal fees
remuneration package that is in line with the policy set out in
and outplacement facilities may be made.
the Remuneration Policy table above. However, given the unique
nature of Lloyd’s, the Committee reserves the right to consider Annual bonus
the structure of the package in the context of the strategic If the CEO or executive director leaves the Corporation’s
objectives of Lloyd’s and the circumstances of the appointment; employment on or before the date on which an annual bonus
– The Committee may, on appointing an executive director, need award would otherwise have been paid, he or she will not be
to ‘buy out’ terms or remuneration arrangements forfeited on entitled to that annual bonus award. However, the Remuneration
leaving a previous employer. The terms of any buy out would Committee may determine that the CEO or executive director may
be determined taking into account the terms of the forfeited receive a bonus in respect of the financial year of cessation based
awards (e.g. form of award, performance conditions, timeframe). on performance in the year. Any bonus would be pro-rated for time.
The overriding principle will be that any replacement buy out
Consideration of conditions elsewhere in the Corporation
awards should be of comparable commercial value to the
Information is provided to the Committee annually on bonuses
awards that have been forfeited. So far as practical, the awards
awarded and salary increases granted across the Corporation
will also have comparable time horizons to those forfeited.
at both a total level and further broken down by grade and other
Where the Committee feels it is appropriate given the specific
components. Historical data is also provided.
circumstances, the Committee maintains discretion to include
Opinion on remuneration is encouraged from all employees via an
remuneration components which are not included in the
annual staff survey. Market remuneration data may be collated and
Remuneration Policy table above;
shared with the Committee as a further consideration.
– The Committee retains the flexibility to make additional awards
for the purpose of recruitment where there is a strong rationale Remuneration policy and Lloyd’s members
to do so. There is no set policy maximum level of variable The remuneration policy is approved by Council as part of its
remuneration which may be granted in addition to the ongoing consideration of the annual report. The Council is a body two
policy. Given the nature of Lloyd’s, while flexibility is maintained, thirds of which is elected by the members.
it is not anticipated that the Committee would make additional
Andy Haste
variable incentive awards for a new recruit (excluding buy outs)
Chairman, Remuneration Committee
over and above those set out in the Remuneration Policy table;
29 March 2017
– Where an executive director is appointed from within the
organisation, the normal policy is that any legacy arrangements
would be honoured in line with the original terms and conditions.
Similarly, for any appointments following corporate
reorganisation/activity, legacy terms and conditions would be
honoured; and
– Additional costs and support may be provided if the recruitment
requires relocation of the individual.
116

4.5
Society Report
Report of the Audit Committee
Statement by Chair of Audit Committee In addition, throughout the year, the Chairman of the committee
meets informally and has open lines of communication with the
On the following pages we set out the Report of the Audit
Executive Committee, Head of Internal Audit, external auditors
Committee. The report comprises the following sections:
and senior management.
– Composition of the Audit Committee;
The committee received technical updates from senior
– Financial Reporting;
management and the external auditor on developments in financial
– Internal Control; and
reporting, accounting policy and regulatory developments.
– Auditors.
The committee’s terms of reference can be found on the
Our principal aim is to assist the Council in discharging its
Lloyd’s website.
responsibilities for monitoring the integrity of the Society’s
Financial reporting
financial reporting, assessing the effectiveness of the internal
controls of the Society and monitoring the effectiveness, The committee reviewed the Lloyd’s published annual and interim
independence and objectivity of the internal and external auditors. financial statements including the pro forma financial statements,
the Aggregate Accounts, the Group financial statements of the
Richard Keers
Society of Lloyd’s, Lloyd’s Return to the PRA and the interim
Chairman, Audit Committee
management statements of the Society of Lloyd’s. The committee,
29 March 2017
with the support of the external auditor, assessed whether
suitable accounting policies had been adopted and whether
Composition of the Audit Committee management had made appropriate estimates and judgements.
The committee, at the end of 2016, comprised two external The principal issues reviewed were:
members of the Council and four non-executive members of the
– The market notional investment return on Funds at Lloyd’s
Franchise Board. The committee met five times during the year.
and the methodology of the calculation;
The members of the committee in 2016 and their attendance at
– The valuation of investments held by both the Society and
meetings are shown in the Corporate Governance report on pages
within Funds at Lloyd’s, on an exceptional basis;
88 to 89.
– Reporting requirements and governance arrangements for
The committee members have extensive commercial experience Solvency II Pillar 3 reporting for both the market and the Society;
which enables the committee to fulfil its terms of reference in a – The valuation of the Lloyd’s pension scheme and the Society
robust and independent manner. lease provision; and
– Ensuring the methodology of the valuation of loans recoverable
For the purposes of the UK Corporate Governance Code, the
within the Society is consistent with previous years and
committee considers that Claire Ighodaro (member of the
reviewing any methodology changes as they arise.
committee until 26 October 2016), Paul Jardine (member of the
committee until 31 January 2017), Michael Watson (joined the
At the request of the Council, the committee considered whether
committee 2 February 2017), Richard Keers and Philip Swatman
the Annual Report was fair, balanced and understandable and
have recent and relevant financial experience. More information
whether it provided the necessary information to assess
on the skills and experience of the committee members are set
performance, business model and strategy.
out in the biographies on pages 90 to 96.
Members of the Executive Committee and other senior
management regularly attend meetings at the invitation of the
Chairman together with the Head of Internal Audit and the
external auditor. The committee as a whole meets privately
with the internal and external auditors on a regular basis.
117

4.5
Society Report
Report of the Audit Committee continued
Internal control External auditor
The committee monitors and reviews the objectivity and
The committee reviewed and monitored the effectiveness of the
independence of the external auditor. This includes having in
systems of internal control of the Society. Regular reports and
place a policy to govern the non-audit services that may be
updates on specific control issues were received throughout the
provided by the external auditor, that sets out the circumstances
year. Specific issues considered were:
in which the external auditor may be permitted to undertake
– The committee reviewed reports from the Risk Committee on
non-audit services. All non-audit services require approval from
developments to the Lloyd’s Risk Framework. The committee
the committee and must be justified and, if appropriate, tendered
also considered the quarterly ORSA reports. Throughout the
before approval. The committee receives a regular report on
year, the committee was updated on the key risks which are
engagements undertaken by the external auditor in order to
set out on pages 14 to 15;
monitor the types of services provided and the fees incurred and
– The committee reviewed internal audit reports, the actions
to ensure they do not impair their independence and objectivity.
taken to implement the recommendations made in the reports
The external auditor also confirmed to the Audit Committee that
and the status of progress against previously agreed actions;
they believe they remain independent within the meaning of the
– The committee reviewed the external auditor’s controls
regulations on this matter and their professional standards.
observation report and management’s assessment of the
A breakdown of the fees paid to the external auditor for non-audit
internal control environment including reports on control failures
work may be found in note 6. Significant engagements undertaken
during the period and status of progress against previously
in 2016 include other services pursuant to legislation (work
agreed actions;
undertaken on the Aggregate Accounts and regulatory returns)
– The committee reviewed the results of a controls benchmarking
and the pro forma financial statements.
exercise carried out by the external auditors and monitored the
progress of proposed improvements; and The committee performs a specific evaluation of the performance
– Regular reports on UK and overseas regulatory and of the external auditor annually, through assessment of the results
compliance matters. of questionnaires completed by members of the Executive
Committee and senior management in addition to committee
Auditors
members’ own views. The committee is satisfied with the
Internal audit performance of External Audit.
The use of Internal Audit is governed by a Charter and Operating
Standards and the Internal Audit Plan, which provides the
three-year audit cycle and details the annual scope of work and
allocation of resources based on an assessment of inherent risks
and existing controls. The committee is satisfied that Internal
Audit has the appropriate resources.
The performance of Internal Audit is subject to ongoing
assessment and to an annual formal evaluation that is achieved
through assessment of the results of questionnaires completed by
the Executive Committee and departments that have been subject
to an internal audit in addition to committee members’ own views.
Deloitte LLP provides co-sourced Internal Audit resource who
report directly to the Head of Internal Audit. The committee keeps
under review the relationship with Deloitte LLP and the
procedures to ensure appropriate independence of the Internal
Audit function is maintained.
118

4.6
Society Report
Report of the Lloyd’s Members’ Ombudsman
Report by Mark Humphries, Lloyd’s Members’ Ombudsman
I am pleased to present the Annual Report of the Lloyd’s Members’
Ombudsman to the Council of Lloyd’s for the year ended
31 December 2016.
The role of the Lloyd’s Members’ Ombudsman is to investigate
complaints by members and former members who were members
at any time after 30 November 2001 and who believe that they
have suffered injustice in consequence of maladministration in
relation to any action taken by or on behalf of the Society.
Complaints received
During 2016 I dealt further with one complaint which had originally
been raised in 2014. I reported in June 2016 on this complaint
which I dismissed for want of jurisdiction.
Costs
The expenses incurred by my office amounted to £15,000.
119

4.7
Society Report
Financial Review
This review should be read in conjunction with the financial statements of the Society on pages 132 to 181. This review should also be
read in conjunction with the Strategic Report on pages 8 to 33. These sections set out the strategic priorities for both the Society and
the Lloyd’s market as a whole.
Operating surplus
The Society of Lloyd’s achieved an operating surplus for the year of £137m (2015: surplus of £91m). The operating surplus by business
segment is set out below:
Corporation Lloyd’s 2016 2015
of Lloyd’s Central Fund Total Total
£m £m £m £m
Total income 332 120 452 350
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred – (8) (8) –
Other Group operating expenses (296) (11) (307) (259)
Operating surplus 36 101 137 91
Corporation of Lloyd’s
Total income for the Corporation of Lloyd’s increased by £93m to £332m (2015: £239m), within this, subscription income increased
reflecting the higher level of premiums written as a result of favourable exchange rate movements. In addition, the subscription rate
changed on 1 January 2016 from 0.5% of gross premiums after acquisition costs (‘stamp premiums’) to 0.45% of gross written premiums
(further details are given in note 3), increasing the amount of subscription income generated.
In aggregate, other income streams also increased compared to the prior period, reflecting the overseas levy to cover expansion of our
global network and the introduction of the market modernisation levy with effect from 1 January 2016. The levy has been introduced to
generate additional funding from Lloyd’s syndicates to meet the costs of market modernisation, namely the Target Operating Model and
the Placing Platform Limited. Within income, premiums written through Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited increased to £238m
(2015: £104m) reflecting strong growth in all classes of business. All business underwritten through the company is reinsured to Lloyd’s
syndicates.
Other Group operating expenses increased by £49m to £296m (2015: £247m), reflecting the impact of exchange rates on the operating
costs of our overseas network of offices when translated to sterling and continuing investment in the strategic priorities, notably global
market access and market modernisation.
Central Fund
Total income for the Central Fund increased by £9m to £120m (2015: £111m). Contribution income increased as a result of the higher
level of written premiums, reflecting the benefit of movements in rates of exchange. This was partly offset by a reduction in the
contribution rate from 0.5% of stamp premiums to 0.35% of gross written premiums (further details are given in note 3).
The standard Central Fund claims and provisions is a net charge for the year of £8m (2015: charge of £nil). Undertakings to meet the
liabilities of insolvent members to policyholders are approved at the discretion of the Council and are normally based on anticipated
cash flow requirements of insolvent members in the following 12 months. During 2016, payments made in respect of insolvent corporate
members were £14m (2015: £nil). There were no payments made in respect of individual members in 2016 and 2015.
Other Group operating expenses reduced by £1m to £11m (2015: £12m).
Investment performance
2016 2015
£m £m
Finance income 314 43
Finance costs (54) (54)
260 (11)
The Society’s investments, mostly held within the Central Fund, returned £314m or 10.2% during the year (2015: £43m, 1.5%).
Approximately half of this return was driven by investment strategy and half driven by currency movements. Excluding exchange rate
movements, investments returned £172m (5.6%) during the year.
120

Investment performance continued
Investment returns have been strong in most markets over 2016 despite the heightened level of economic uncertainty arising from
key events. Developed market equities performed relatively well by comparison to the previous year. Investment grade bonds tended
to generate returns in excess of prevailing yield levels, boosted by capital appreciation as risk-free yields fell.
Currency markets saw notable movements with Sterling finishing the year significantly weaker against the US dollar and other key
currencies. The Society’s currency policy is for the Central Fund to hold US dollars in order to match the underlying US dollar element
of the central Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR). This policy has delivered a high degree of protection in a period when the Sterling
value of assets would have otherwise been eroded by currency movements.
The disposition of the Society’s financial investments is set out in note 16 on pages 165 to 167.
Finance costs of £54m in 2016 (2015: £54m) predominantly relate to interest on the subordinated notes and perpetual subordinated
capital securities.
Adjusting for interest costs results in net finance income of £260m (2015: deficit of £11m).
Taxation
A tax charge of £75m (2015: £13m) on the surplus before tax of £405m (2015: £87m) has been recognised for the year ended
31 December 2016. Further details are set out in note 11 on pages 156 to 157.
Movement in net assets
£m
Net assets at Additions to net assets
1,763
1 January 2016
Surplus for Deductions to net assets
330
the year
Net assets*
Actuarial loss on
(130)
Lloyd’s pension scheme
Currency translation
14
differences
Tax credit on other
19
comprehensive income
Net assets at
1,996
31 December 2016
*Net assets data not to scale
The net assets of the Central Fund are included within the above amounts and at 31 December 2016 were £1,952m (2015: £1,658m).
Pension schemes
Lloyd’s pension scheme
On an IFRS basis, the Lloyd’s pension scheme valuation at 31 December 2016 was a deficit of £227m before allowance for a deferred tax
asset of £39m (31 December 2015: £93m deficit before allowance for a deferred tax asset of £17m).
The movement in the pension deficit during the year is summarised below:
2016 2015
£m £m
Pension deficit as at 1 January (93) (84)
Pension expense recognised in the Group income statement (12) (12)
Employer contributions 5 5
Remeasurement effects recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income (127) (2)
Pension deficit as at 31 December (227) (93)
The increase in the pension deficit was mainly due to an increase in liabilities as a result of a reduction in the real discount rate. The actuarial
valuation of liabilities is particularly sensitive to changes in market conditions, which determine the discount rate, and changes to mortality
assumptions. Further details are provided in note 12 on pages 158 to 163 which includes the sensitivity of the valuation to changes in these
assumptions.
The latest triennial funding valuation of the scheme is currently being undertaken based on the position as at 30 June 2016.
The previous funding valuation was carried out as at 30 June 2013, which showed a surplus of £9m.
121

4.7
Society Report
Financial Review continued
Lloyd’s pension scheme continued
The career average section of the scheme was closed to new joiners from April 2013, and to existing hires from June 2013 (existing
employed members of each scheme continue to accrue benefits). After these dates, employees are eligible to join the Defined
Contribution arrangement, which is administered by Aviva.
Overseas pension schemes
The actuarial valuations of the overseas pension schemes at 31 December 2016 resulted in a deficit of £2.9m (2015: deficit of £2.5m).
Further details are provided in note 12 on pages 158 to 163.
Solvency
Total assets for solvency purposes are set out below. The 2016 position is considered to be an estimate of the amount which will be
finalised in May 2017 for submission to the PRA. The figures are calculated on a Solvency II basis, with the 2015 figures being restated
on the same basis for the sake of comparison. The solvency figures in the table below are unaudited:
2016 2015
£m £m
Central assets at 31 December 1,996 1,763
Subordinated debt 883 882
Total 2,879 2,645
Solvency valuation adjustments 590 517
Eligible own funds to meet Central Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) 3,469 3,162
Central SCR (1,600) (1,450)
Excess of eligible own funds over the Central SCR 1,869 1,712
Solvency ratio 217% 218%
The central SCR is a sub set of the Lloyd’s market wide SCR (see pages 60 to 61) and covers central risks of the Society. This includes
the risk that members may not have sufficient capital to meet their losses. The central SCR may be covered only by central eligible own
funds of the Society.
The solvency valuation adjustments above include items such as valuation differences arising and assets being disallowed due to the
valuation principles used in Solvency II. It also includes recognition of the callable layer, which may be taken from member level capital
to strengthen central resources.
Based on own funds eligible to meet the central SCR of £3.5bn (2015: £3.2bn), the estimated solvency ratio is 217% (2015: 218%). In setting
contribution levels, account is taken of the central SCR to ensure that Lloyd’s is prudently but competitively capitalised.
Brexit
The main impact on the Society following the EU referendum has been through movements in exchange rates and market prices,
which have generated gains of £323m during the year. From an investment perspective, there was significant market reaction: as well
as Sterling weakening by 16% against the US dollar, UK government bond yields fell by more than 40 basis points and equity markets
saw an immediate fall although these had generally recovered by the end of June. The reduction in bond yields impacted the valuation
of the Lloyd’s pension scheme, where the discount rate used to determine liabilities is calculated with reference to corporate bonds.
During the year, the pension scheme deficit increased by £134m to £227m, although this was impacted by other factors in addition to
the movement in the discount rate, including changes in investment valuations.
Following the weakening of Sterling, the decision was taken to enter into a number of forward foreign exchange contracts in order to
take advantage of the latest dollar exchange rate. To this end, the Corporation entered into a forward currency contract to sell $100m
at a fixed exchange rate to settle at the end of 2017. This transaction will be followed with a number of contracts at regular intervals
during 2017 to purchase an equivalent amount of US dollars, which will settle on the same date.
Lloyd’s remains committed to its European markets following the EU referendum and is now working on plans to protect its access
to the single market and the passporting rights under which it currently operates. Work is ongoing to develop the Society’s plans and
approximately £1m of costs were incurred in 2016 as work began to explore the different potential operating models that may be
adopted going forwards. It is expected that the costs incurred in respect of Brexit planning will increase in 2017, and Lloyd’s will
continue to publish updates as these plans develop. In the meantime, further details of Lloyd’s plans within Europe are provided in
the Chairman’s statement on pages 4 to 5 and the External Environment and Risk section on pages 12 to 13.
122

Cash flows and liquidity
Cash and cash equivalents increased during the year ended 31 December 2016 by £216m to £391m (2015: £175m). Cash balances are
maintained at appropriate levels to meet the short-term operating expenses of the Society. Any surplus cash balances are invested
and are included as financial investments within the Group statement of financial position.
The Corporation’s free cash balances* are regularly monitored. Free cash represents the amounts, both at bank and on deposit,
held in the UK and available to the Corporation to meet operating expenses, including those of overseas operations, excluding any
balances held in respect of insurance and arbitration activities. Free cash balances at 31 December 2016 were £178m.
The liquidity of the Central Fund is monitored separately. Cash balances are managed to meet short-term operational commitments
including the payment of drawdowns. Any surplus cash balances are invested in compliance with defined investment parameters
approved by the Investment Committee.
Central Fund investment strategy
Central Fund investment strategy is considered in three parts. A proportion of assets is assigned to meet liquidity needs, based on a
prudent estimate of net cash flows. These assets are commingled with other liquid assets of Lloyd’s Group companies and invested in
bank deposits and other short-term securities, with maturities of up to 12 months. The objective is to optimise income, for a low level of
risk, while ensuring that all cash flow requirements are met as they fall due.
A significant proportion of assets are invested in fixed interest securities of a high credit quality and typically medium term maturities.
The financial risk exposures represented by subordinated debt securities issued by the Society are considered when determining the
disposition of fixed interest investments. The return objective is to optimise investment return in the longer term while maintaining overall
financial risk within defined limits.
A smaller proportion of assets are invested in equities and other return seeking asset classes, also with an aim to optimise investment
return in the longer term without exceeding defined risk tolerances. These investments are diversified among different asset classes to
help manage risk and third party investment managers are retained to manage these investments within clearly defined investment
parameters specified by Lloyd’s. Equity investments currently include global developed and emerging market equities. Investments in
other growth assets include high yield and emerging market debt, hedge funds, senior secured loans and commodity based investments.
Financial risk management and treasury policies
Overview
The Society’s principal financial instruments comprise cash and cash equivalents, investments, borrowings and items that arise directly
from operations such as trade receivables and payables. These include assets and liabilities of the Central Fund.
The Society’s treasury operations and investments are managed by reference to established policies which are reviewed regularly by
the Investment Committee. Overall risk is managed within defined limits, specified by the Franchise Board. Policies for managing these
risks, in particular credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk, are summarised below. The following financial risk management disclosures
within note 18 on pages 168 to 169 are audited.
Credit risk
Credit risk represents the risk of financial loss to the Society if a counterparty, or the issuer of a security, fails to meet its contractual
obligations.
Trade and other receivables
The Society has established procedures to minimise the risk of default by trade and other receivables, which are mainly in respect of
the Lloyd’s market, the main source of income. These procedures include minimum standard checks for new market entrants.
Financial investments
A list of permissible bank counterparties, for the purposes of money-market investment, is maintained and restricted to banks having
strong balance sheets and credit ratings. Investment parameters exist for all investment assets, controlling overall credit quality and
ensuring appropriate risk diversification. Permitted counterparties to capital market transactions are also carefully controlled. All applicable
parameters are reviewed regularly by the Investment Committee in accordance with the risk appetite set by the Franchise Board.
Guarantees
The Society provides certain financial guarantees as security for the underwriting activities of the members of Lloyd’s. Further details
are provided in note 27 on page 180.
* Free cash balances are considered to be a metric which is consistently used to analyse financial performance in the Society Report. This metric (wherever used in the
Annual Report) is considered to be an Alternative Performance Measure (APM), with further information available on pages 196 to 197.
123

4.7
Society Report
Financial Review continued
Liquidity risk Interest rate risk
The value and term of short-term assets are carefully monitored Borrowings from the Lloyd’s market for the purpose of funding
against those of the Society’s liabilities. The Society maintains statutory insurance deposits do not bear a fixed rate of interest.
sufficient liquid assets to meet liabilities as they fall due. Instead, investment returns earned on the borrowed assets are
passed on to lenders. Consequently, no interest rate risk arises
The liquidity of the Central Fund is monitored separately.
on such borrowings.
Cash balances are managed to meet short-term operational
commitments including the payment of drawdown. Any surplus Short-term assets held by the Society may be significant at
cash balances are invested in compliance with defined investment certain times but such balances cannot be precisely predicted.
parameters approved by the Investment Committee in accordance These are invested in money market instruments of up to 12
with the risk appetite set by the Franchise Board. months’ duration with the objective of maximising current income
while meeting liquidity requirements.
The Society had no committed borrowing facilities as at
31 December 2016 (2015: nil). Interest rate risk arising from the requirement to make fixed rate
coupon payments in respect of the Lloyd’s subordinated loan
Market risk
notes and the perpetual subordinated capital securities is
Market risk represents the risk that movements in financial
considered in conjunction with the market risk arising on the
markets will affect the financial position of the Society. Market
Society’s investments.
risks arising from the disposition of the Society’s investments are
monitored against defined parameters using Value at Risk (VAR) As part of the strategy to mitigate these risks, the Society has
methodology. The position is reviewed regularly by the Investment entered into a number of interest rate swap contracts.
Committee. Investments are actively monitored on a fair value
Capital management
basis and all investments are designated as fair value through
The Society monitors its capital to ensure that it maintains
profit or loss.
sufficient assets for both operational and solvency purposes.
Foreign currency risk Further disclosures with regard to financial instruments are
The Society enters into a variety of foreign exchange transactions provided in note 18 on pages 168 to 173. Further details regarding
in response to the foreign currency requirements of Lloyd’s Group solvency are given on page 122.
companies. In managing the exposures arising from such foreign
Related party transactions
exchange activity, which may involve transactions for forward
Except for disclosures made in note 26 (see page 179), no related
settlement, the net risk arising from all such exposures is
party had material transactions with the Society in 2016.
considered and the level of this risk is managed within defined
Going concern and viability statement
parameters. Consequently, while some net foreign exchange
Assessment of prospects
exposures may accrue to the Society from time to time as a result
The Lloyd’s business model and strategy are central to an
of this activity, the level of such exposures is carefully monitored
understanding of its prospects and details can be found on pages
and is not significant in the context of its activities.
184 to 187. The Franchise goal, vision and strategic priorities are
Foreign currency exposures arising from overseas investments
subject to ongoing monitoring and development.
are considered together with any foreign currency liabilities of the
The prospects of the Lloyd’s market, including the Society, are
Society as well as the underlying currency mix of the Central
primarily assessed through the annual strategic review and planning
Solvency Capital Requirement, of which a high proportion is US
process. The output of the review is a strategic plan to deliver the
dollar based. Net foreign currency exposures arising are managed
Lloyd’s vision. The review is led by the CEO through the Executive
through the use of forward foreign exchange contracts.
Committee and all relevant departments are involved. The Franchise
Separately, the Society provides a Currency Conversion Service
Board and the Council of Lloyd’s participate fully in the process and
(CCS) to participating Lloyd’s syndicates, converting insurance
part of their role is to consider whether the strategic plan continues
premiums and claims between pounds sterling and other Lloyd’s
to take appropriate account of the external environment.
settlement currencies as required. Foreign exchange exposures
The review determines a set of interim milestones (to be achieved
arising from the provision of the CCS are again managed on a
by the end of 2018), key performance indicators for the current
net basis, within defined parameters. The CCS is operated
year and activities to deliver on those metrics. The latest three-
separately from other foreign exchange activity of the Society
year strategic plan (Lloyd’s Strategy 2017 to 2019) was approved
because, under the terms of the service, any profit (or loss)
in March following completion of the latest review cycle. As part of
arising from CCS exposures is distributed to (or collected from)
the planning process, detailed financial budgets were prepared for
syndicates participating in the CCS. Currency exposures arising
the Society for the three-year period to 31 December 2019.
from CCS activity consequently do not, ultimately, represent risks
to the Society.
124

Assessment of viability Outlook
The Franchise Board and Council of Lloyd’s receive quarterly
Central assets, which exclude subordinated liabilities, are expected
reports from the risk committee on the key risks and risk appetites,
to remain stable at £2.9bn in 2017. On 29 March 2017, the Council
including the Society’s own risk and solvency assessment as well
of Lloyd’s gave no further undertakings to corporate members
as stress testing resilience to severe yet plausible scenarios. The
to use the New Central Fund to discharge the liability of those
principal risks and material uncertainties that would threaten the
members where they have unpaid cash calls and do not have the
business model, future performance, liquidity or solvency of the
resources to meet those cash calls. After taking account of the
Lloyd’s market as a whole are set out on pages 14 to 15. In addition
expiry of unutilised undertakings, the net movement in undertakings
the financial statements include notes on investment strategy,
is £8m (see note 4 on page 146). The operating expenses for the
financial risk management, treasury policies and sensitivity analysis.
Corporation and its subsidiaries are budgeted to be £311m in
The Lloyd’s capital structure is set out on pages 184 to 186 and 2017.* This includes net investment of £35m in respect of market
Lloyd’s is required to maintain solvency on a continuous basis, modernisation and £19m of costs for services recharged directly
and the solvency position of each member, and thus of Lloyd’s to specific managing agents. The Council of Lloyd’s is responsible
as a whole, is monitored on a regular basis. The Audit Committee for preparing the Group financial statements in accordance with
considers biannually management’s assessment of the current byelaws made under Lloyd’s Act 1982 and International Financial
solvency position and the forecast position over a three-year Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union.
period, including resilience of central assets to meet the Central
The Council of Lloyd’s is required to prepare Group financial
SCR and the expectation, but not the obligation, that the perpetual
statements for each financial year which present fairly the
subordinated capital securities are redeemed at the first option date.
financial position of the Society and the financial performance
Viability statement and cash flows of the Society for that period. In preparing these
While the members of the Council of Lloyd’s have no reason to Group financial statements, the Council of Lloyd’s is required to:
believe that the Society will not be viable over a longer period,
– select suitable accounting policies and then apply them
the period over which the assessment is based is the three-year
consistently;
period to 31 December 2019, being the period considered under
– present information, including accounting policies, in a manner
the strategic plan, including the detailed budgets prepared, and
that provides relevant, reliable, comparable and understandable
the solvency projections of the Society.
information;
The members of the Council of Lloyd’s believe that the Society – provide additional disclosures when compliance with the
is well placed to manage its business risks successfully, having specific requirements in IFRS is insufficient to enable users to
taken into account the current economic outlook, and confirm that understand the impact of particular transactions, other events
they have a reasonable expectation that the Society will be able and conditions on the Society’s financial position and financial
to continue in operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due performance; and
over the three-year period ending 31 December 2019. – state that the Society has complied with IFRS, subject to any
material departures disclosed and explained in the Group
Going concern
financial statements.
After making enquiries the members of the Council of Lloyd’s
also consider it appropriate to adopt the going concern basis * Budgeted operating expenses are considered to be a metric which is consistently
in preparing the Society’s financial statements. used to analyse financial performance in the Society Report. This metric (wherever
used in the Annual Report) is considered to be an Alternative Performance
Statement as to disclosure of information to auditors Measure (APM), with further information available on pages 196 to 197.
Having made enquiries, the Council of Lloyd’s confirms that:
– to the best of each Council member’s knowledge and belief
there is no information relevant to the preparation of the Society
Report of which the Society’s auditors are unaware; and
– each Council member has taken all the steps a Council member
might reasonably be expected to have taken to be aware of
relevant audit information and to establish that the Society’s
auditors are aware of that information.
125

4.8
Society Report
Statement of the Council of Lloyd’s Responsibilities for the Financial Statements
The Council of Lloyd’s is responsible for keeping proper
accounting records which disclose with reasonable accuracy
at any time the financial position of the Society and enable it to
ensure that the Group financial statements comply with Article 4
of the IAS Regulation. As the Society’s subordinated debt and
perpetual subordinated capital securities are admitted to trading
in a regulated market in the European Union, Council has elected
to comply with Article 4, which requires Group financial statements
to be prepared in conformity with IFRS as adopted by the
European Union. The Council of Lloyd’s is also responsible for
safeguarding the assets of the Society and hence for taking
reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and
other irregularities.
The Council of Lloyd’s is responsible for the maintenance and
integrity of the corporate and financial information included on
the Society’s website (www.lloyds.com). Legislation in the United
Kingdom governing the preparation and dissemination of financial
statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.
The Council of Lloyd’s considers that the Annual Report, taken as
a whole, is fair, balanced and understandable and provides the
information necessary for stakeholders to assess the Society’s
performance, business model and strategy.
126

4.9
Society Report
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of the Society of Lloyd’s
Report on the Society of Lloyd’s Group financial statements Our audit approach
Our opinion Overview
In our opinion, the Society of Lloyd’s Group financial statements Materiality
(the “financial statements”): – Overall Group materiality: £22 million which represents
0.5% of total assets.
– give a true and fair view of the state of the Society’s affairs as at
31 December 2016 and of its profit and cash flows for the year
Our areas of focus were:
then ended;
– Valuation of financial investments;
– have been properly prepared in accordance with International
– Lloyd’s Pension Scheme;
Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) as adopted by the
– Revenue recognition;
European Union; and
– Valuation of loans recoverable; and
– have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the
– Valuation of the lease cost provision.
Council of Lloyd’s byelaws made under the Lloyd’s Act 1982.
The scope of our audit and our areas of focus
What we have audited
We conducted our audit in accordance with International
The Society of Lloyd’s Group financial statements, included within
Standards on Auditing (UK and Ireland) (“ISAs (UK & Ireland)”).
the Society Report (the “Annual Report”), comprise:
Audit procedures were performed over the complete financial
– the Group Statement of Financial Position as at
information for the Corporation of Lloyd’s, Central Fund, and
31 December 2016;
Additional Securities Limited reporting units to address the areas
– the Group Income Statement and the Group Statement of
of focus identified below.
Comprehensive Income for the year then ended;
Additionally, we considered certain account balances in Lloyd’s
– the Group Statement of Cash Flows for the year then ended;
Insurance Company (China) Limited to be significant in size in
– the Group Statement of Changes in Equity for the year then
relation to the Society and therefore we scoped our audit to
ended; and
include testing of those account balances.
– the notes to the financial statements, which include a summary
of significant accounting policies and other explanatory We designed our audit by determining materiality and assessing
information. the risks of material misstatement in the financial statements.
In particular, we looked at where the Council of Lloyd’s made
Certain required disclosures have been presented elsewhere
subjective judgements, for example in respect of significant
in the Society Report, rather than in the notes to the financial
accounting estimates that involved making assumptions and
statements. These are cross-referenced from the financial
considering future events that are inherently uncertain. As in all
statements and are identified as audited.
of our audits we also addressed the risk of management override
The financial reporting framework that has been applied in the of internal controls, including evaluating whether there was
preparation of the financial statements is IFRSs as adopted by evidence of bias by the Council of Lloyd’s that represented a
the European Union, and applicable law. risk of material misstatement due to fraud.
The risks of material misstatement that had the greatest effect on
our audit, including the allocation of our resources and effort, are
identified as “areas of focus” in the table below. We have also set
out how we tailored our audit to address these specific areas in
order to provide an opinion on the financial statements as a whole,
and any comments we make on the results of our procedures
should be read in this context. This is not a complete list of all
risks identified by our audit.
127

4.9
Society Report
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of the Society of Lloyd’s continued
The scope of our audit and our areas of focus continued
Area of focus How our audit addressed the area of focus
Valuation of financial investments
We focused on this area because it represents 77% of the total assets of the For these hard to value investments we assessed both the methodology and
Society and so the valuation of financial investments has a significant impact assumptions used by management in the calculation of the year end values as well
on the financial statements. as testing the governance controls that the Council of Lloyd’s has in place
to monitor these processes. The testing included performing the following
We focused in particular on the non-publicly traded investments in the procedures:
Society’s portfolio, which includes investments held as statutory insurance – assessing the methodology and assumptions used within the valuation models;
deposits by Additional Securities Limited (‘ASL’), and other non-publicly traded – the assumptions used against appropriate benchmarks and investigating
investments in the Corporation and Central Fund. These investments are hard significant differences; and
to value because quoted prices are not readily available. – testing the operating effectiveness of the valuation controls over assets
managed by third parties.
(Refer also to note 16 to the financial statements)
Our work and the evidence provided identified no significant issues.
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme
Lloyd’s operates a number of defined benefit and defined contribution pension We used our actuarial services specialists to evaluate the key assumptions used
schemes. The principal scheme is the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme whose to value the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme. This included comparison of Lloyd’s
liabilities total £957m at 31 December 2016 (2015: £768m), as measured in assumptions to our own independent expectations based on our knowledge of
accordance with IAS 19 ‘Employee benefits’. This value is equivalent to 48% the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme and current financial market conditions. We found
of the Society’s net assets. Assumptions made in valuing the pension scheme the following:
liabilities can have a material impact on them and therefore on the recognised – the discount rate used in the valuation of the pension liability was consistent with
deficit in the financial statements. our expectations, taking into account the duration of the pension liability and
investment market conditions at 31 December 2016;
We focused on the key assumptions to which the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme – the retail and consumer price inflation rates used in the valuation of the pension
valuation is sensitive, being: liability were consistent with our expectations, taking into account the duration
– discount rate; of the pension liability and market expectations at 31 December 2016; and
– inflation; and – the post-retirement life expectancy assumptions were in line with the recent
– post-retirement life expectancy. mortality experience of the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme and with the range of
assumptions made by other UK companies, and contain an appropriate
(Refer also to note 12 to the financial statements)
allowance for how rates of mortality may fall in future.
We concluded that the set of assumptions as a whole give rise to a reasonable
valuation in line with the requirements of IAS 19.
Revenue recognition
The Central Fund contributions (recognised as revenue in the Central Fund We considered the appropriateness of Lloyd’s revenue recognition policy for the
reporting unit), members’ subscription fees (recognised as revenue within market modernisation levy based on the contractual terms between Lloyd’s and its
the Corporation of Lloyd’s reporting unit) and the market modernisation levy syndicates and found it to be appropriate and in line with the IFRS accounting
(recognised as revenue within the Corporation of Lloyd’s reporting unit) framework.
represent 63% of the revenue of the Society.
We evaluated the reasonableness of the assumptions applied in the estimation
The market modernisation levy is a new revenue stream for 2016. of the future premium for the three revenue streams. As future premium is
estimated based on the development trend of historical premium, we traced a
We focused on these components of revenue because they are recognised sample of the historical premium data to the market system which records audited
based on management’s estimate of the future premium of each syndicate market results. We tested Information Technology General Controls over the
underwriting year. Although not complex, this estimate involves subjectivity market system, where no exceptions were noted. Based on our work on the
with regards to assumptions on the estimation of future premium. assumptions, we found that management’s analysis supported the extrapolation
factor that was selected.
The future premium is estimated based on historical development trends.
From this analysis, management selects an extrapolation factor, which is We tested the accuracy of the application of the assumptions to the underlying
then applied to the current year. data and recomputed the total Central Fund contributions, members’ subscription
fees and market modernisation levy.
There is also a risk of error in terms of the calculation of the estimated revenue
as this is a manual calculation. We found management’s assumptions to be reasonable. No exceptions were
noted in our testing of underlying data or our recalculation of revenue.
(Refer also to note 2 to the financial statements)
128

Area of focus How our audit addressed the area of focus
Valuation of loans recoverable
Loans recoverable are Central Fund loans made to hardship members. We evaluated the reasonableness of the assumptions used and found
The valuation of loans recoverable of £43m (2015: £45m) is subjective the following:
and judgemental. – the discount rate used was consistent with our expectations, taking into account
the market conditions at 31 December 2016;
The loans recoverable amount represents the lower of: – the fair value of properties was reasonable, based on comparing the valuation to
– valuation of property and investments held as charge; and the current offer price of similar properties on the open market on a sample
– principal loan amount including accrued interest. basis; and
– the property inflation rate used was set at an appropriate level, based on our
We focused on the following assumptions because they have a material assessment of market conditions at 31 December 2016.
impact on the valuation of loans recoverable:
– discount rate; In addition, we tested a sample of loans by agreeing the principal loan amount to
– fair value of properties; and the signed agreements and recalculated the accrued interest. No exceptions were
– property inflation rate. found in our testing.
(Refer also to note 15 to the financial statements)
Valuation of the lease cost provision
The Corporation of Lloyd’s is lessee to number of ‘fully repairing’ operating We tested the judgements made by management with respect to the percentage
leases, the most significant of which relates to the 1986 building. completion of capital expenditure projects undertaken in the year by evaluating
forecast capital expenditure against documentary evidence. We also evaluated
The estimate of £11.2m (2015: £12.7m) for the provision for the replacement variances between budgeted and actual capital expenditure in the year to assess
cost of plant and equipment, and any dismantling and removal costs, which are the accuracy of management’s estimation process.
borne by Lloyd’s under the terms of the leases is subjective and judgemental.
The evidence we obtained supported management’s estimate of future capital
We focused on management’s estimate of the projected total capital expenditure for the 1986 building and the overall valuation of the provision in the
expenditure for the 1986 building over the life of the lease because it has a balance sheet.
material impact on the valuation of the provision.
(Refer also to note 22 to the financial statements)
How we tailored the audit scope
We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an opinion on the financial statements as
a whole, taking into account the geographic structure of the group, the accounting processes and controls, and the industry in which the
group operates. The Society of Lloyd’s financial statements are a consolidation of 33 reporting units. In establishing the overall approach
to the group audit, we determined the type of work that needed to be performed at the reporting units by us, as the group engagement
team, or component auditors within PwC UK and from other PwC network firms operating under our instruction. Where the work was
performed by component auditors, we determined the level of involvement we needed to have in the audit work at those reporting units
to be able to conclude whether sufficient appropriate audit evidence had been obtained as a basis for our opinion on the financial
statements as a whole. We were involved in the risk assessment process for these reporting units, and obtained an understanding of
the audit procedures performed by the component auditors to address the identified risks.
For each reporting unit we determined whether we required an audit of their complete financial information or whether specified
procedures for particular balances would be sufficient. Audit procedures were performed over the complete financial information for
the Corporation of Lloyd’s, Central Fund, and Additional Securities Limited reporting units to address the areas of focus identified above.
Additionally, we identified Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited where certain account balances were considered to be significant
in size in relation to the Society, and scoped our audit to include detailed testing of those account balances.
The group consolidation, financial statement disclosures and a number of complex items were audited by the group engagement team in
London. These included derivative financial instruments and the pension scheme.
Taken together, the reporting units where we performed our audit work accounted for 91% of the Society’s revenue, 98% of the Society’s
profit before tax and 98% of the Society’s total assets.
129

4.9
Society Report
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of the Society of Lloyd’s continued
Materiality Matters on which we have agreed to report
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of
Consistency of other information and compliance with
materiality. We set certain quantitative thresholds for materiality.
applicable requirements
These, together with qualitative considerations, helped us to
In our opinion, the other financial and non-financial information
determine the scope of our audit and the nature, timing and extent
included in the Society Report for the financial year for which the
of our audit procedures on the individual financial statement line
financial statements are prepared is consistent with the financial
items and disclosures and in evaluating the effect of misstatements,
statements.
both individually and on the financial statements as a whole.
Under the terms of our engagement, we agreed to report to
Based on our professional judgement, we determined materiality
you if, in our opinion:
for the financial statements as a whole as follows:
– information in the Society Report is:
Overall Group materiality
- materially inconsistent with the information in the audited
£22m (2015: £18m) financial statements; or
How we determined it - apparently materially incorrect based on, or materially
inconsistent with, our knowledge of the group acquired in
0.5% of total assets
the course of performing our audit; or
Rationale for benchmark applied - otherwise misleading.
We considered total assets to be an appropriate measure – the statement given by the Council of Lloyd’s on page 126, in
because the Society is not profit oriented and because the accordance with provision C.1.1 of the Code, that they consider
assets of the Society represent a crucial link with the Lloyd’s the Annual Report taken as a whole to be fair, balanced and
Chain of Security for the market. This is consistent with the understandable and provides the information necessary for
benchmark we selected in 2015. members to assess the Society’s position and performance,
business model and strategy is materially inconsistent with our
We agreed with the Audit Committee that we would report to knowledge of the group acquired in the course of performing
them misstatements identified during our audit above £1.1m our audit.
(2015: £0.9m) as well as misstatements below that amount that, – the section of the Annual Report on pages 117 to 118, as
in our view, warranted reporting for qualitative reasons. required by provision C.3.8 of the Code, describing the work
of the Audit Committee does not appropriately address matters
Going concern
communicated by us to the Audit Committee.
The Council of Lloyd’s has voluntarily included a statement in
relation to going concern in accordance with provision C1.3 of the
The Council of Lloyd’s assessment of the prospects of the
UK Corporate Governance Code (the ‘Code’) in the Financial
group and of the principal risks that would threaten the
Review section of the Society report. We agreed with the Council
solvency or liquidity of the Society
of Lloyd’s to report whether we have anything material to add or to
Under the terms of our engagement, we agreed to report to you
draw attention to in relation to this statement about whether they
if we have anything material to add or to draw attention to in
considered it appropriate to adopt the going concern basis in
relation to:
preparing the financial statements. We have nothing material to
– the Council of Lloyd’s confirmation on page 126 of the Annual
add or to draw attention to.
Report, in accordance with provision C.2.1 of the Code, that they
As noted in that statement, the Council of Lloyd’s has concluded
have carried out a robust assessment of the principal risks
that it is appropriate to prepare the financial statements using the
facing the group, including those that would threaten its
going concern basis of accounting. This basis presumes that the
business model, future performance, solvency or liquidity;
Society has adequate resources to remain in operation, and that
– the disclosures in the Society Report that describe those risks
the Council of Lloyd’s intends it to do so, for at least one year from
and explain how they are being managed or mitigated; and
the date the financial statements were signed. As part of our audit
– the Council of Lloyd’s explanation on page 126 of the Society’s
we have concluded that the use of the going concern basis is
Report, in accordance with provision C.2.2 of the Code, as to how
appropriate. However, because not all future events or conditions
they have assessed the prospects of the Society, over what
can be predicted, these statements are not a guarantee as to the
period they have done so and why they consider that period to
Society’s ability to continue as a going concern.
be appropriate, and their statement as to whether they have a
reasonable expectation that the Society will be able to continue
in operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the period
of their assessment, including any related disclosures drawing
attention to any necessary qualifications or assumptions.
130

We have nothing material to add or to draw attention to regarding What an audit of financial statements involves
the above responsibilities. An audit involves obtaining evidence about the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements sufficient to give
Adequacy of information and explanations received
reasonable assurance that the financial statements are free
Under the terms of our engagement, we agreed to report to you
from material misstatement, whether caused by fraud or error.
if, in our opinion:
This includes an assessment of:
– proper accounting records have not been kept by the Society;
– whether the accounting policies are appropriate to the
or
Society’s circumstances and have been consistently applied
– we have not received all the information and explanations we
and adequately disclosed;
require for our audit.
– the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates
We have no exceptions to report arising from this responsibility. made by the Council of Lloyd’s ; and
– the overall presentation of the financial statements.
Report of the Remuneration Committee
The Council of Lloyd’s is responsible for preparing the part of the
We primarily focus our work in these areas by assessing the
report of the Remuneration Committee that has been described
Council of Lloyd’s judgements against available evidence,
as audited in accordance with Schedule 8 Part 3 of the Large and
forming our own judgements, and evaluating the disclosures
Medium-sized Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports)
in the financial statements.
Regulations 2008 (the “basis of preparation”).
We test and examine information, using sampling and other
Under the terms of our engagement, we agreed to report to you
auditing techniques, to the extent we consider necessary to
whether, in our opinion, the part of the report of the Remuneration
provide a reasonable basis for us to draw conclusions. We obtain
Committee that has been described as audited has been properly
audit evidence through testing the effectiveness of controls,
prepared in accordance with the basis of preparation. In our
substantive procedures or a combination of both.
opinion, the part of the report of the Remuneration Committee
In addition, we read all the financial and non-financial information
that has been described as audited has been properly prepared
in the Society Report to identify material inconsistencies with the
in accordance with the basis of preparation.
audited financial statements and to identify any information that is
Responsibilities for the financial statements and the audit
apparently materially incorrect based on, or materially inconsistent
Our responsibilities and those of the Council of Lloyd’s with, the knowledge acquired by us in the course of performing
As explained more fully in the Statement of the Council of Lloyd’s the audit. If we become aware of any apparent material
Responsibilities for the Financial Statements set out on page 126, misstatements or inconsistencies we consider the implications
the Council of Lloyd’s are responsible for the preparation of the for our report.
financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true
and fair view.
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Our responsibility is to audit and express an opinion on the
Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditors
financial statements in accordance with applicable law and ISAs
London
(UK & Ireland). Those standards require us to comply with the
29 March 2017
Auditing Practices Board’s Ethical Standards for Auditors.
This report, including the opinions, has been prepared for and only
for the members of the Society in accordance with the Council of
Lloyd’s byelaws made under the Lloyd’s Act 1982 and for no other
purpose. We do not, in giving these opinions, accept or assume
responsibility for any other purpose or to any other person to
whom this report is shown or into whose hands it may come to
save where expressly agreed by our prior consent in writing.
131

4.10
Society Report
Group Income Statement
(For the year ended 31 December 2016)
2016 2015
Note £000 £000
Corporation operating income 331,761 238,990
Central Fund income 119,955 111,507
Gross written premiums 237,916 104,413
Outward reinsurance premiums (237,916) (104,409)
Total income 3B 451,716 350,501
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred 4 (8,300) (14)
Gross insurance claims incurred 5 (199,650) (68,639)
Insurance claims recoverable from reinsurers 5 199,656 68,639
Other Group operating expenses 6 (306,385) (259,057)
Operating surplus 137,037 91,430
Finance costs 8 (53,570) (54,362)
Finance income 8 313,791 42,728
Share of profits of associates 10A 7,891 7,391
Surplus before tax 405,149 87,187
Tax charge 11A (75,193) (12,835)
Surplus for the year 329,956 74,352
132

4.11
Society Report
Group Statement of Comprehensive Income
(For the year ended 31 December 2016)
2016 2015
Note £000 £000
Surplus for the year 329,956 74,352
Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Remeasurement (losses)/gains on pension asset/liabilities
UK 12 (127,455) (2,025)
Overseas 12 73 (42)
Associates 10A (3,271) 467
Tax credit/(charge) relating to items that will not be reclassified 11A 19,434 (3,332)
Currency translation differences 14,522 (739)
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Unrealised gains on revaluation of Lloyd’s Collection 10B – 808
Net other comprehensive deficit for the year (96,697) (4,863)
Total comprehensive income for the year 233,259 69,489
133

4.12
Society Report
Group Statement of Financial Position
(As at 31 December 2016)
2016 2015
Note £000 £000
Assets
Intangible assets 13 167 81
Lloyd’s Collection 10B 13,314 13,314
Plant and equipment 14 18,109 18,244
Deferred tax asset 11C 39,893 24,388
Investment in associates 10A 6,596 8,502
Insurance contract assets 5 253,996 109,548
Loans recoverable 15 43,410 44,577
Financial investments 16 3,359,448 3,103,560
Inventories 420 332
Trade and other receivables due within one year 17 205,141 80,990
Prepayments and accrued income 16,777 15,618
Derivative financial instruments 18 16,233 8,789
Cash and cash equivalents 19 391,135 175,414
Total assets 4,364,639 3,603,357
Equity and liabilities
Equity
Accumulated reserve 20 1,957,893 1,739,156
Revaluation reserve 20 13,314 13,314
Translation reserve 20 24,858 10,336
Total equity 1,996,065 1,762,806
Liabilities
Subordinated notes and perpetual subordinated capital securities 21 882,814 882,090
Insurance contract liabilities 5 254,017 109,575
Pension liabilities 12 230,518 95,534
Provisions 22 14,440 21,717
Loans funding statutory insurance deposits 493,713 436,518
Trade and other payables 23 377,968 210,171
Accruals and deferred income 62,833 59,131
Tax payable 33,154 8,977
Derivative financial instruments 18 19,117 16,838
Total liabilities 2,368,574 1,840,551
Total equity and liabilities 4,364,639 3,603,357
Approved and authorised by the Council of Lloyd’s on 29 March 2017 and signed on its behalf by
John Nelson Chairman Inga Beale Chief Executive Officer
134

4.13
Society Report
Group Statement of Changes in Equity
(For the year ended 31 December 2016)
Accumulated Revaluation Translation Total
reserve reserve reserve equity
Note £000 £000 £000 £000
At 1 January 2015 1,669,736 12,506 11,075 1,693,317
Surplus for the year 74,352 – – 74,352
Net other comprehensive (deficit)/income for the year (4,932) 808 (739) (4,863)
At 31 December 2015 1,739,156 13,314 10,336 1,762,806
Surplus for the year 329,956 – – 329,956
Net other comprehensive (deficit)/income for the year (111,219) – 14,522 (96,697)
At 31 December 2016 20 1,957,893 13,314 24,858 1,996,065
135

4.14
Society Report
Group Statement of Cash Flows
(For the year ended 31 December 2016)
2016 2015
Note £000 £000
Cash generated from operations 24 191,595 132,085
Tax paid (47,616) (20,948)
Net cash generated from operating activities 143,979 111,137
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of plant, equipment and intangible assets 13/14 (9,191) (16,174)
Proceeds from the sale of plant, equipment and intangible assets 10 3
Purchase of financial investments 16A/B (2,236,207) (2,654,226)
Receipts from the sale of financial investments 16A/B 2,315,879 2,643,058
Decrease/(increase) in short-term deposits 16B 61,375 (116,474)
Dividends received from associates 10A 7,161 7,181
Interest received 54,063 43,762
Dividends received 8 7,321 6,932
Realised (losses)/gains on settlement of forward currency contracts (77,103) 7,403
Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities 123,308 (78,535)
Cash flows from financing activities
Redemption of subordinated notes – (4,545)
Interest paid on subordinated notes (52,841) (53,154)
Issue costs in relation to subordinated notes – (140)
Other interest paid (1,589) (14,202)
Decrease in borrowings for statutory insurance deposits (20,779) (45,250)
Net cash used in financing activities (75,209) (117,291)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 192,078 (84,689)
Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 23,643 (1,484)
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 19 175,414 261,587
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December 19 391,135 175,414
136

4.15
Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
1. Basis of preparation and consolidation – Amendments to IAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment and
IAS 38 Intangible Assets: Clarification of Acceptable Methods
In 1871, by Lloyd’s Act 1871, the then existing association of
of Depreciation and Amortisation; and
underwriters was incorporated in the United Kingdom as the
– Annual improvements 2012 – 2014 cycle.
Society and Corporation of Lloyd’s (the ‘Society’). Its activities
are accordingly governed by statute and, since 1982, have been
Although these new standards and amendments apply for the first
managed by the Council of Lloyd’s (the ‘Council’) pursuant to
time in 2016, they do not have material impact on the Group financial
Lloyd’s Act 1982. Its principal place of business is at One Lime
statements of the Society.
Street, London EC3M 7HA.
The Society is regulated by the PRA and the FCA.
The Society’s main corporate purposes are to facilitate the
carrying on of insurance business by members of Lloyd’s and
the advancement and protection of their interests in this context. 2. Principal accounting policies
The Group financial statements of the Society of Lloyd’s comprise
Critical accounting estimates and assumptions
the financial statements of the Society of Lloyd’s and all its
In preparing the financial statements significant estimates and
subsidiary undertakings, the Lloyd’s Central Fund and the Group’s
judgements are made in respect of some of the items reported.
interest in associates as at each reporting date. Subsidiary
The main accounting policies identified involving such assessments
undertakings are consolidated from the date of their acquisition,
are considered to be:
being the date on which the Society obtains control, and continue to
– Central Fund claims and provisions – undertakings
be consolidated until the date that such control ceases. The financial
(see note 2Q and note 4);
statements are prepared using consistent accounting policies.
– Employee benefits – defined benefit pension scheme
All intra-Group balances and transactions are eliminated in full.
(see note 2I and note 12);
The Group financial statements have been prepared in accordance
– Insurance contracts – liabilities and reinsurance assets
with International Financial Reporting Standards (as adopted by the
(see note 2G and note 5);
European Union) and on a historic cost basis, except for financial
– Loans recoverable – hardship loans (see note 2J and note 15);
assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss and the Lloyd’s
and
Collection, which are measured at fair value.
– Provisions – lease cost provision (see note 22).
Other financial liabilities, which include the subordinated notes and
A. Plant and equipment
the perpetual subordinated capital securities are carried at amortised
Plant and equipment are held at cost less accumulated
cost. The Group financial statements are presented in pounds sterling
depreciation and any impairment in value.
and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand (£000).
Depreciation is charged on a straight-line basis on the following
New standards, interpretations and amendments to existing
principal categories:
standards that have been adopted by the Society
The Society has adopted the following new International Financial – Furniture and fittings are depreciated over seven to 25 years
Reporting Standards (IFRSs), International Accounting Standards according to the estimated useful life of the asset;
(IASs), interpretations and amendments to existing standards, – Computer and specialised equipment are depreciated over three
which are effective by EU endorsement for annual periods beginning to 15 years according to the estimated useful life of the asset; and
on or after 1 January 2016: – Equipment on hire or lease is depreciated over the period of
the lease.
– Amendments to IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements,
IFRS 12 Disclosure of Interests in Other Entities and IAS 28
B. Software development
Investment in Associates and Joint Ventures: Investment Entities
Costs incurred in acquiring and developing computer software
– Applying the Consolidation Exception;
are capitalised as intangible assets where the software supports
– Amendments to IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements and
a significant business system and the expenditure leads to the
IAS 28 Investment in Associates and Joint Ventures: Sale or
creation of an identifiable asset of value. Software development is
Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate
held at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment in
or Joint Venture;
value. Capitalised software is amortised over three years.
– Amendments to IFRS 11 Joint Arrangements: Accounting for
C. Lloyd’s Collection
Acquisitions of Interests in Joint Operations;
Lloyd’s Collection represents various paintings, antiques and
– Amendments to IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements:
artefacts which are included at fair value. Any revaluation surplus
Disclosure Initiative;
or deficit is recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive
income and is reflected in the revaluation reserve within the Group
statement of changes in equity.
137

4.15
Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
2. Principal accounting policies continued Subsequent measurement
The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on
D. Investment in associates and joint venture
their classification as follows:
An associate is an entity in which the Society has significant
influence and which is not a subsidiary undertaking or joint venture. (i) Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss include
A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have derivative financial assets which are classified as held for
joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets of trading, and financial assets designated upon initial
the arrangement. The Society’s investment in associates and joint recognition at fair value through profit or loss. They are
venture are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. carried in the Group statement of financial position at fair
value. Gains and losses arising from changes in their fair
Under the equity method, the investment in associates and joint
value are included in the Group income statement in the
venture are carried in the Group statement of financial position
period in which they arise. When financial assets are interest-
at cost plus post-acquisition changes in the Society’s share of
bearing, interest calculated using the effective interest
net assets of the associate and joint venture. Goodwill relating to
method is recognised in the Group income statement; and
an associate is included in the carrying amount of the investment
and is not amortised. After application of the equity method, the (ii) Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets
Society determines whether it is necessary to recognise any with fixed or determinable payment that are not quoted in an
additional impairment loss with respect to the Society’s net active market. They arise when the Society provides money,
investment in an associate and joint venture. The Group income goods or services directly to a debtor with no intention of
statement reflects its share of the results of operations of the trading the receivable. These financial assets are carried at
associates and joint venture. The Society’s share of associates’ amortised cost using the effective interest method. Gains and
other comprehensive income is recognised in the Group losses are recognised in the Group income statement when
statement of comprehensive income. the loans and receivables are derecognised or impaired, as well
as through the amortisation process.
E. Impairment of non-financial assets
The Society performs annual impairment testing to assess Financial liabilities
whether there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. Initial recognition
If any such indication exists an impairment loss is recognised Financial liabilities within the scope of IAS 39 are classified as
for the amount by which the asset’s carrying value exceeds its financial liabilities at fair value through profit and loss or other
recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of financial liabilities. The Society determines the classification of
an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. its financial liabilities at initial recognition.
Prior impairments of non-financial assets are reviewed for
Financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and in the
possible reversal at each reporting date.
case of other financial liabilities, directly attributable transaction
F. Financial instruments costs. The Society’s financial liabilities include trade and other
Financial assets payables, accruals, subordinated notes and perpetual
Initial recognition subordinated capital securities and derivative liabilities.
Financial assets within the scope of IAS 39 are classified as
Subsequent measurement
financial assets at fair value through profit or loss or loans and
The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on
receivables. The Society determines the classification of its
their classification as follows:
financial assets at initial recognition.
(i) Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include
Financial assets are recognised initially at fair value plus, in the
derivative financial liabilities which are classified as held for
case of loans and receivables, directly attributable transaction
trading. Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are
costs. A financial asset is classified in this category if acquired
recognised in the Group income statement; and
principally for the purpose of selling in the short-term.
(ii) Other financial liabilities, which include the subordinated
Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of
notes and the perpetual subordinated capital securities, are
assets within a timeframe established by regulation or convention
carried at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
in the market place (regular way purchases) are recognised on the
Fair value of financial instruments
settlement date.
Financial instruments are categorised for disclosure purposes
The Society’s financial assets include loans recoverable,
into a hierarchy consisting of three levels depending upon the
statutory insurance deposits and other investments designated
source of input as required by IFRS 7 ‘Financial Instruments:
at fair value through profit or loss, trade and other receivables,
Disclosures’.
accrued income, cash and cash equivalents and derivative assets.
138

Level 1 – The fair value of financial instruments which are actively An impairment review is performed on all reinsurance assets when
traded in organised financial markets is determined by reference an indication of impairment occurs. Reinsurance assets are
to quoted market bid prices at the close of business on the impaired only if there is objective evidence that the Society may
reporting date. The quoted market price used for financial assets not receive all amounts due to it under the terms of the contract
held by the Society is the current bid price; the appropriate quoted and this can be measured reliably.
market price for financial liabilities is the current offer price.
The Corporation’s policy for measuring balances for insurance
Level 2 – The fair value of financial instruments for which quoted contracts issued by overseas subsidiaries is to apply the valuation
market prices are not used for valuation purposes are derived technique used in the issuing entity’s local statutory or regulatory
both directly and indirectly from observable market conditions. reporting. Therefore, for insurance contracts issued by Lloyd’s
The fair value of forward currency contracts is calculated by Insurance Company (China) Limited (LICCL), balances are
reference to current forward exchange rates for contracts with calculated in accordance with People’s Republic of China
similar maturity profiles. The nominal value less estimated credit Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (PRC GAAP).
adjustments of trade receivables and payables are assumed to In particular, unearned premium reserves are calculated after
approximate to their fair values. deducting acquisition costs such as commissions, handling fees,
business taxes, surcharges and regulatory charges and
Level 3 – The fair value of financial instruments for which there is
outstanding claims reserves include a risk margin.
no observable quoted market price is determined by a variety of
methods incorporating assumptions that are based, so far as H. Inventories
possible, on market conditions existing at each reporting date. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value
on a first in, first out (FIFO) basis. Net realisable value is the
Where the significance of the inputs used in the determination of
estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less
the fair value of a financial instrument changes, the classification
estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
of the financial instrument in the fair value hierarchy is reviewed.
Where the assessment of the classification has changed, I. Employee benefits
a transfer is made between the respective levels. The Society accounts for pensions and similar benefits (principally
income protection due to ill health) under IAS 19 Employee
Amortised cost of financial instruments
Benefits. The Society operates a number of defined benefit
Amortised cost is computed using the effective interest method
pension schemes in which obligations are measured at discounted
less any allowance for impairment and principal repayment or
present value using the projected unit credit method, while plan
reduction. The calculation takes into account any premium or
assets are recorded at fair value. The operating and financing
discount on acquisition and includes transaction costs and fees
income and costs of the scheme are recognised in the Group
that are an integral part of the effective interest rate.
income statement. Service costs, financing income (expected
Impairment of financial assets
return on plan assets) and costs are recognised in the periods in
The Society assesses at each reporting date whether there is an
which they arise. Actuarial gains and losses are recognised in full
indication that an asset may be impaired. If any such indication
in the Group statement of comprehensive income in the period in
exists, the asset is written down to its recoverable amount.
which they occur. Costs of discretionary awards in respect of past
Derecognition of financial instruments service are recognised in the Group income statement when
Investments are derecognised when the right to receive cash flows amounts are committed to be paid or there is a constructive
from the asset have expired or, in the case of a financial liability, liability to make awards to pensioners.
when the obligation under the liability is cancelled or discharged.
Payments to separately administered defined contribution schemes
G. Insurance contracts (liabilities and reinsurance assets) are charged to the Group income statement as they fall due.
In accordance with IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts, the Society
Short-term bonuses are accrued in the period to which they relate,
applies established UK accounting practices for insurance
long-term bonuses are recognised over their vesting period.
contracts, modified as appropriate to comply with the IFRS
J. Loans recoverable
framework and applicable standards.
Recoverable Central Fund loans made to hardship members are
Insurance contracts are defined as those containing significant
valued on a fair value basis and are designated as fair value
insurance risk which arises if, and only if, an insured event could
through profit or loss.
cause an insurer to pay significant additional benefits in any scenario,
Any gains and losses arising from changes in the fair value are
excluding scenarios that lack commercial substance, at the inception
included in the Group income statement in the period in which
of the contract. Such contracts remain insurance contracts until all
they arise.
rights and obligations are extinguished or expired.
139

4.15
Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
2. Principal accounting policies continued syndicate underwriting year. This future premium is estimated
based on historical development trends. This approach therefore
J. Loans recoverable continued
assumes that the premium written in the current year will develop
Fair values are determined by reference to an estimate of the
in a similar pattern to that demonstrated in previous years.
valuation of the underlying investments at the dates at which they
The impact of any potential anomalies in the premium earning
may be exercised and discounted back to present day values.
pattern of any one particular year is mitigated by applying an
A security can normally only be exercised on the later date of
average development factor which is calculated based on the
death of the member or of their spouse. This date is assessed
experience of a number of years. The extrapolation factor is
using actuarial assumptions.
based on a development factor which is applied to the current
K. Taxation
year written premium. Income is recognised as follows:
Corporation tax on the surplus or deficit for the periods presented
(i) Members’ subscriptions, market charges and other services
comprise current and deferred tax. Corporation and income
Members’ subscriptions, market charges and other services
tax are recognised in the Group income statement except to the
are recognised in the period for which the service is provided.
extent that it relates to items recognised directly in the Group
They are recognised on a basis that reflects the timing, nature
statement of comprehensive income, in which case it is
and value of the benefits provided.
recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income.
(ii) Central Fund contributions
Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income
Central Fund contributions from members underwriting in
for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantially enacted at
the year are recognised in the period for which the service
the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect
is provided.
of previous years.
(iii) I nterest income
Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary
Interest receivable is recognised in the Group income
differences and deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible
statement on a time apportioned basis using the effective
temporary differences and unutilised tax losses to the extent that it
interest method. Any unwinding of discount is recognised
is probable that taxable profits will be available against which the
as interest income.
deductible temporary differences or tax losses can be utilised.
(iv) D ividend income
Deferred tax is measured on an undiscounted basis at the rates
Dividend income from equity investments is included in the
that are expected to apply in the periods in which timing
Group income statement on the ex-dividend date.
differences reverse, based on tax rates and laws enacted
or substantially enacted at the reporting date. (v) O ther income
Other income is recognised when recoverability is agreed.
L. Subordinated notes and perpetual subordinated
capital securities O. Insurance premiums
Subordinated debt is initially recognised at fair value, being the fair Insurance premiums represent premiums on business incepting
value of the consideration received net of issue costs associated during the year, together with adjustments for premiums written in
with the borrowing. previous accounting periods. Premium income is recognised over
the period of cover. Premiums written are stated before deduction
After initial recognition, the subordinated debt is subsequently
of commissions but net of taxes, duties levied on premiums and
recorded at amortised cost using the effective interest rate over
other similar deductions.
the period to the earliest option date. Amortised cost is calculated
after taking into account issue costs and issue discount. P. Insurance claims
Claims incurred in insurance related activities consist of claims
M. Cash and cash equivalents
and claims handling expenses paid during the year together with
For the purposes of the Group statement of cash flows, cash
the movement in outstanding claims. Outstanding claims are the
comprises cash at banks and demand deposits, and cash
estimated final cost of all claims incurred but not settled at the
equivalents comprise highly liquid investments that are convertible
reporting date, including claims incurred but not reported (IBNR).
into cash with an insignificant risk of changes in value, with original
Outstanding claims are discounted. Subsequent information and
maturities of less than three months.
events may result in the ultimate liability being less than, or greater
N. Income recognition
than, the amount provided. Any differences between the provision
Income, which is stated net of value added tax, comprises the
and subsequent settlements are reflected within the Group
fair value of amounts receivable. Revenue arising in respect of
financial statements of later years when differences between
Members’ subscriptions, the Market modernisation levy and
provision and subsequent settlement became apparent.
Central Fund contributions is calculated by applying a percentage
to management’s estimate of the future premium of each
140

Q. Central Fund claims and provisions expected to be refunded or recovered from the Lloyd’s market,
Central Fund claims and provisions (undertakings) are accounted these amounts are taken to the Group income statement.
for when they are approved by the Council and become contractual
The principal exchange rates were:
commitments. These undertakings are granted wholly at the
discretion of the Council for a fixed period, normally one year, and
2016 2015
therefore are not deemed to be constructive obligations, except US$ 1.23 1.47
for renewals of those commitments previously granted. For those Can$ 1.66 2.05
corporate members in provisional liquidation, the Council provides a Euro 1.16 1.36
supporting commitment, which will ensure that in no circumstance
S. Leases
will an insurance creditor receive less than the amount it would have
Payments made under operating leases are charged to the Group
received in a winding up commencing on the date of the provisional
income statement on a straight-line basis over the period of the
liquidation. As the supporting undertakings are legally enforceable
lease. Contractual capital expenditure is provided for over the
commitments, an estimate of their value is included within provisions
term of the underlying lease agreement. The lease cost provision
in the Group financial statements and changes during the period are
(see note 22) is an accounting estimate which arises due to the
reflected in the Group income statement.
fact the Society has entered into a number of fully repairing leases.
Recoveries in respect of undertakings previously given are
T. New standards and interpretations not applied
credited to the Group income statement when contractually
The International Accounting Standards Board and International
committed to be received.
Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee have issued the
R. Foreign currency and derivative instruments
following standards and interpretations relevant to the Society.
Foreign currency translation
At the date these financial statements were approved, the
following standards were in issue but not effective:
(i) Functional and presentation currency
The Group financial statements are presented in pounds
Effective date
sterling, which is the Society’s functional and presentation (for accounting periods
currency. Items included in the financial statements of each International Accounting Standards beginning on or after)
Amendments to IAS 27 Disclosure Initiative 1 January 2017
of the Society’s entities are measured using the currency of
Amendments to IAS 12 Recognition on
the primary economic environment in which the entity
Deferred Tax Assets for Unrealised Losses 1 January 2017
operates (the functional currency). Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 on
Sale or Contribution of Assets 1 January 2018
(ii) Transactions and balances
Transactions in foreign currencies are recorded at the The Council does not expect that the adoption of the above
exchange rate prevailing on the date of the transaction. standards will have a material impact on the Society’s financial
At each reporting date, monetary assets and liabilities statements although the impact will be assessed as the standards
denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the develop. In addition to the above, an initial review has been carried
exchange rate prevailing at the reporting date. Translation out of the IFRS 9 Financial Instruments, IFRS 15 Revenue from
differences on monetary items are taken to the Group income Contracts with Customers, IFRS 16 Leases and IFRS 17 Insurance
statement. Contracts with the following results:
Translation differences on non-monetary items measured at IFRS 9 – Financial instruments
fair value are reported as part of the fair value gain or loss and IFRS 9 replaces IAS 39 and specifies how an IFRS reporter will
included in the Group statement of comprehensive income. recognise, measure, present and disclose financial instruments.
The standard is effective for annual periods beginning on or after
The results and financial position of overseas Society operations
1 January 2018, although is available for early application. The
are translated into pounds sterling as follows:
standard focuses on the three key areas set out below:
– Assets and liabilities are translated at the closing rate at the
– Classification and Measurement, determining how financial assets
date of that statement of financial position;
and financial liabilities are accounted for in financial statements
– Income and expenses are translated at the average exchange
and, in particular, how they are measured on an ongoing basis;
rate for the year; and
– Impairment, introducing a new, expected-loss impairment model
– Any resulting exchange differences are recognised in the Group
that will require more timely recognition of expected credit
statement of comprehensive income.
losses; and
The Society enters into forward currency contracts to manage – Hedge accounting, by introducing a substantially-reformed
exposures to fluctuation in foreign exchange rates, and to provide accounting model, with enhanced disclosures about risk
a service to the Lloyd’s market. Where gains and losses are not management activity.
141

4.15
Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
2. Principal accounting policies continued have a material impact on the Group financial statements of the
Society. Implementation is expected to impact the Group income
IFRS 9 – Financial instruments continued
statement, the Group statement of financial position and the
In advance of implementation of the standard, a review of the main
Group statement of cash flows, in addition to notes relating to
financial instruments of the Society has been carried out. From
lease commitments. Work has begun to identify those leases
this initial review, it is not expected that implementation of IFRS 9
impacted and the potential impact, as well as considering which
will have a material impact on the Group financial statements of
transitional arrangements will be adopted when IFRS 16 is
the Society. In particular, it should be noted that, with the
implemented. Further information on the Society’s current
exception of the subordinated loan notes, all assets and liabilities
accounting policy for leases is provided in note 2S and note 25.
and already valued using fair value. Further work will be
undertaken in 2017 to confirm the impact that will arise from IFRS 17 – Insurance contracts
application of this standard. Further information on the Society’s IFRS 17 is due to be issued during the first half of 2017, being the
current accounting policy for financial instruments is provided new accounting standard in respect of insurance contracts, with
in note 2F and note 18. an effective date of 1 January 2021. Once the standard has been
issued, a detailed review will be undertaken to quantify the impact
IFRS 15 – Revenue from contracts with customers
on the Society results, and to conclude on the accounting
IFRS 15 specifies how and when an IFRS reporter will recognise
treatment to be adopted. Further information on the Society’s
revenue as well as requiring such entities to provide users of
current accounting policy for insurance contracts is provided in
financial statements with more informative, relevant disclosures.
note 2G and note 5.
IFRS 15 was issued in May 2014 and applies to an annual reporting
period beginning on or after 1 January 2018. The standard provides
a single, principles based five-step model to be applied to all
3. Segmental analysis
contracts with customers. Details of these steps are set out below:
Segment information is presented in respect of the Society’s
– Identify the contract(s) with a customer;
business segments. The primary business segments are based on
– Identify the performance obligations in the contract;
the Society’s management and internal reporting structure.
– Determine the transaction price;
Intra-segment pricing is determined on an arm’s length basis.
– Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations
in the contract; and Segment results, assets and liabilities include items directly
– Recognise revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a attributable to a segment as well as those that can be allocated
performance obligation. on a reasonable basis.
Segment capital expenditure is the total cost incurred during the
In advance of implementation of the standard, a review of the main
year to acquire segment assets that are expected to be used for
Society revenue streams has been carried out. In particular, each
more than one period.
source of revenue has been reviewed by applying each of the five
steps set out above. From this initial review, it is not expected that The Society’s primary business segments are as follows:
implementation of IFRS 15 will have a material impact on the Group
– Corporation of Lloyd’s: the main corporate purposes are to
financial statements of the Society. However, further work will be
facilitate the carrying on of insurance business by members of
undertaken in 2017 to confirm this is the case. Further information
Lloyd’s and the advancement and protection of their interests in
on the Society’s current accounting policy for revenue recognition
this context. The activities of authorised insurance company
is provided in note 2N.
subsidiary undertakings are included within this business
IFRS 16 – Leases segment; and
IFRS 16 specifies how an IFRS reporter will recognise, measure,
– Lloyd’s Central Fund: these funds comprising the New Central
present and disclose leases. The standard provides a single
Fund and Old Central Fund are assets of the Society and are
lessee accounting model, requiring lessees to recognise assets
held and administered at the discretion of the Council, primarily
and liabilities for all leases unless the lease term is 12 months or
as funds available for the protection of the policyholders. Unless
less or the underlying asset has a low value. IFRS 16 was issued on
the approval of members is obtained, the New Central Fund may
1 January 2016 and applies to annual reporting periods beginning
not be used for the purposes of extinguishing or reducing
on or after 1 January 2019.
liabilities which have been reinsured by Equitas.
Based on value, the majority of the Society’s leases are longer-
term, operating leases in respect of properties. These are held
within both the UK and a number of overseas locations. From this
initial review, it is expected that implementation of IFRS 16 will
142

2016 2016 2016
Corporation Lloyd’s Society
of Lloyd’s Central Fund total
A. Information by business segment Note £000 £000 £000
Segment income
Total income 3B 331,761 119,955 451,716
Segment operating expenses
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred 4 – (8,300) (8,300)
Gross insurance claims incurred 5 (199,650) – (199,650)
Insurance claims recoverable from reinsurers 5 199,656 – 199,656
Other Group operating expenses:
Employment (including pension costs) 7 (147,003) – (147,003)
Premises (49,117) – (49,117)
Legal and professional 6 (32,986) (1,366) (34,352)
Systems and communications (35,671) – (35,671)
Other (30,911) (9,331) (40,242)
Total other Group operating expenses (295,688) (10,697) (306,385)
Total segment operating expenses (295,682) (18,997) (314,679)
Total segment operating surplus 36,079 100,958 137,037
Finance costs 8 (4) (53,566) (53,570)
Finance income 8 (789) 314,580 313,791
Share of profits of associates 10A 7,891 – 7,891
Segment surplus before tax 43,177 361,972 405,149
Tax charge (75,193)
Surplus for the year 329,956
Segment assets and liabilities
Financial investments 672,063 2,687,385 3,359,448
Cash and cash equivalents 343,589 47,546 391,135
Other assets 413,812 160,351 574,163
Segment assets 1,429,464 2,895,282 4,324,746
Tax assets 39,893
Total assets 4,364,639
Segment liabilities (1,407,809) (927,611) (2,335,420)
Tax liabilities (33,154)
Total liabilities (2,368,574)
Other segment information
Capital expenditure 13/14 9,191 – 9,191
Depreciation 14 7,798 – 7,798
Amortisation of intangible assets 13 324 – 324
Impairment of long lived assets 14 8 – 8
Average number of UK employees (permanent and contract) 877 – 877
Average number of overseas employees (permanent and contract) 247 – 247
Average number of total employees (permanent and contract) 1,124 – 1,124
Average staff numbers shown above are on a full-time equivalent basis.
143

4.15
Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
3. Segmental analysis continued
2015 2015 2015
Corporation Lloyd’s Society
of Lloyd’s Central Fund total
A. Information by business segment continued Note £000 £000 £000
Segment income
Total income 3B 238,994 111,507 350,501
Segment operating expenses
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred 4 – (14) (14)
Gross insurance claims incurred 5 (68,639) – (68,639)
Insurance claims recoverable from reinsurers 5 68,639 – 68,639
Other Group operating expenses:
Employment (including pension costs) 7 (125,381) – (125,381)
Premises (40,305) – (40,305)
Legal and professional 6 (26,068) (1,120) (27,188)
Systems and communications (26,012) – (26,012)
Other (29,458) (10,713) (40,171)
Total other Group operating expenses (247,224) (11,833) (259,057)
Total segment operating expenses (247,224) (11,847) (259,071)
Total segment operating (deficit)/surplus (8,230) 99,660 91,430
Finance costs 8 (36) (54,326) (54,362)
Finance income 8 4,258 38,470 42,728
Share of profits of associates 10A 7,391 – 7,391
Segment surplus before tax 3,383 83,804 87,187
Tax charge (12,835)
Surplus for the year 74,352
Segment assets and liabilities
Financial investments 681,817 2,421,743 3,103,560
Cash and cash equivalents 133,530 41,884 175,414
Other assets 231,422 68,573 299,995
Segment assets 1,046,769 2,532,200 3,578,969
Tax assets 24,388
Total assets 3,603,357
Segment liabilities (876,203) (955,371) (1,831,574)
Tax liabilities (8,977)
Total liabilities (1,840,551)
Other segment information
Capital expenditure 13/14 16,174 – 16,174
Depreciation 14 7,640 – 7,640
Amortisation of intangible assets 13 175 – 175
Average number of UK employees (permanent and contract) 806 – 806
Average number of overseas employees (permanent and contract) 220 – 220
Average number of total employees (permanent and contract) 1,026 – 1,026
144

Corporation of Lloyd’s Lloyd’s Central Fund Society total
2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015
B. Income £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Market charges
Managing agents and syndicates 142,211 110,877 – – 142,211 110,877
Members and members’ agents 12,462 11,509 – – 12,462 11,509
Total market charges 154,673 122,386 – – 154,673 122,386
Members’ subscriptions 134,724 102,887 – – 134,724 102,887
Market modernisation levy 28,097 – – – 28,097 –
Other charges 14,267 13,717 – – 14,267 13,717
Total operating income 331,761 238,990 – – 331,761 238,990
Central Fund contributions – – 119,955 111,507 119,955 111,507
Gross written premiums 237,916 104,413 – – 237,916 104,413
Outward reinsurance premiums (237,916) (104,409) – – (237,916) (104,409)
Total income 331,761 238,994 119,955 111,507 451,716 350,501
The table below analyses income by geographical segment:
2016 2015
£000 £000
UK China Other Total UK China Other Total
Total operating income 269,271 23,712 38,778 331,761 191,155 17,722 30,113 238,990
Central Fund contributions 119,955 – – 119,955 111,507 – – 111,507
Gross written premiums – 237,916 – 237,916 – 104,413 – 104,413
Outward reinsurance premiums – (237,916) – (237,916) – (104,409) – (104,409)
Total income 389,226 23,712 38,778 451,716 302,662 17,726 30,113 350,501
Central Fund contributions from members and Corporation of Lloyd’s subscriptions
Following a review of current market practices, from 1 January 2016, Corporation subscriptions (‘subscriptions’) and Central Fund
contributions (‘contributions’) are calculated by applying a percentage to gross premiums before deduction of acquisition costs
(‘Gross Written Premiums’ or ‘GWP’). Subscriptions and contributions had previously been calculated by applying a percentage to
gross premiums after deduction of acquisition costs (‘stamp premiums’); this change brings the basis of the calculation into line with
wider market practice. The percentage rates applied to GWP were adjusted to reflect the change in basis so that there would be
minimal overall effect from the change on the amounts collected.
At the same time as changing the basis of calculation, the weighting of revenue between subscriptions and contributions was updated.
To reflect the increased investment being undertaken in the Corporation and recent performance within the Central Fund, the
subscriptions rate for 2016 stands at 0.45% of GWP (31 December 2015: 0.5% of stamp premiums) and the contributions rate is
0.35% of GWP (31 December 2015: 0.5% of stamp premiums).
In order to fund the operation of the Society’s overseas network of offices, an overseas operating charge is levied on the market.
With effect from 1 January 2016, this has changed from a dollar for dollar cost recovery to a set percentage of gross premiums written
overseas. In line with the previous basis, different percentages are set based on direct, binder and reinsurance business to minimise
differences arising on the change in the basis. The collection method will be maintained as per previous years, being quarterly with an
adjustment after 12 months to the actual level of premiums written.
In addition to the above, an additional levy was charged with effect from 1 January 2016. This levy is calculated as 0.1% of the GWP for
the 2016 year of account and has been raised in order to fund the costs of market modernisation, principally the Target Operating Model
and Placing Platform Limited.
Other Group income includes foreign exchange gains, market settlement recoveries which represent continuing debt recoveries from
the 1996 ‘Reconstruction and Renewal’ settlement and recoveries in respect of undertakings given by the Central Fund.
145

4.15
Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
4. Central Fund claims and provisions incurred
2016 2015
Note £000 £000
Net undertakings granted 22 (8,300) –
Claims payable in respect of individual members – (14)
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred (8,300) (14)
The Council has given undertakings with financial limits to certain corporate members to use the New Central Fund to discharge the
liability of those members where they have unpaid cash calls and do not have the resources to meet those cash calls. The purpose of
these undertakings is primarily to allow valid claims made on policies underwritten by those insolvent members to continue to be paid in
full. Undertakings are accounted for when they are approved by the Council and become contractual commitments. These undertakings
are granted wholly at the discretion of the Council principally on an annual basis and therefore are not deemed constructive obligations
(see note 22). Unutilised undertakings as at 31 December 2016 were £0.5m (2015: £5.9m); these undertakings have expired with no
further annual undertakings given on 29 March 2017.
For those corporate members in provisional liquidation, the Council has also provided supporting commitments, which will ensure that in
no circumstance will an insurance creditor receive less than the amount it would have received in a winding up commencing on the date
of the provisional liquidation.
As the supporting undertakings are legally enforceable commitments, an estimate of their value, if applicable, has been included within
provisions in the Group financial statements and changes during the year are reflected in the Group income statement, as shown in the
table above.
5. Insurance activities
For insurance contracts, claims provisions (comprising provisions for claims reported by policyholders and claims incurred but not
reported) are established to cover the ultimate cost of settling the liabilities in respect of claims that have occurred and are estimated
based on known facts at the reporting date. Outstanding claims provisions are discounted for the time value of money.
2016 2015
£000 £000
Insurance claims
Gross claims
Claims paid (125,285) (20,630)
Change in provisions for claims (74,365) (48,009)
Total gross claims (199,650) (68,639)
Claims recoverable from reinsurers
Claims recovered from reinsurers 125,285 20,630
Change in reinsurance contract assets 74,371 48,009
Total claims recoverable from reinsurers 199,656 68,639
Centrewrite Limited
Centrewrite Limited’s principal activities in 2016 were to reinsure individual members of Lloyd’s participations on syndicates for
underwriting years of account which have not been closed and to provide reinsurance to close to syndicates with no successor
syndicate. Centrewrite Limited ceased to offer Lloyd’s Members’ Estate Protection Plan in 2012.
Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited
Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited (LICCL) is a wholly owned subsidiary undertaking of the Society of Lloyd’s. The company’s
principal activity during 2016 was the reinsurance of non-life business in the China insurance market and direct non-life insurance in the
Shanghai municipality. Lloyd’s syndicates participate in LICCL’s business by means of retrocession agreements which allow a 100%
risk transfer.
146

Insurance contract liabilities for Centrewrite Limited and LICCL may be analysed as follows:
2016 2016 2015 2015
Insurance Reinsurer’s Insurance Reinsurer’s
contract share of 2016 contract share of 2015
liabilities liabilities Net liabilities liabilities Net
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Provision for claims reported 60,283 (60,283) – 34,889 (34,889) –
Provision for IBNR claims 105,445 (105,424) 21 43,865 (43,838) 27
Total provision for insurance claims 165,728 (165,707) 21 78,754 (78,727) 27
Unearned premiums 88,289 (88,289) – 30,821 (30,821) –
Insurance contract liabilities 254,017 (253,996) 21 109,575 (109,548) 27
The increased balances flow from additional business written through the LICCL platform.
The movement in provision for insurance claims for Centrewrite Limited and LICCL can be analysed as follows:
2016 2016 2015 2015
Insurance Reinsurer’s Insurance Reinsurer’s
contract share of 2016 contract share of 2015
liabilities liabilities Net liabilities liabilities Net
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
At 1 January 78,754 (78,727) 27 30,606 (30,579) 27
Claims incurred/(released) 199,650 (199,656) (6) 68,639 (68,639) –
Claims paid (see below) (125,285) 125,285 – (20,630) 20,630 –
Effect of exchange rates 12,609 (12,609) – 139 (139) –
At 31 December 165,728 (165,707) 21 78,754 (78,727) 27
Claims incurred consist of claims and claims handling expenses paid during the year, together with the movement in outstanding claims.
Full provision is made, on the basis of available information, for the estimated ultimate cost of claims notified but not settled as at the
date of the statement of financial position, after taking into account handling costs and settlement trends. A provision for claims incurred
but not notified is also established as at that date on a statistical basis. The provision also reflects claims settlement expenses and
anticipated reinsurance and other recoveries. The provision for outstanding claims is based on information available at the reporting
date. Subsequent information and events may result in the ultimate liability being less than, or greater than, the amount provided.
Any differences between the provision and subsequent settlements are dealt with in the Group income statements of later years.
Claims development table
The table below shows the development of claims over a period of time on a gross basis for Centrewrite Limited and LICCL. The claims
development table shows the cumulative incurred claims, including both notified and IBNR claims for each successive year, together
with cumulative claims at the current reporting date.
2012 and
prior 2013 2014 2015 2016 Total
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
At end of underwriting year 98,746 28,074 19,958 73,430 124,904
One year later 97,316 27,282 24,741 78,602
Two years later 87,319 28,412 25,058
Three years later 86,008 31,032
Four years later 78,436
Current estimate of cumulative claims 78,436 31,032 25,058 78,602 124,904
Cumulative payments to date (74,576) (25,706) (18,942) (39,719) (13,361)
Insurance contract liabilities 3,860 5,326 6,116 38,883 111,543 165,728
Due to the continuing decline of insurance activities for Centrewrite Limited and the fully reinsured liabilities of LICCL, the Society has
not prepared claims development table over a period of time on a net basis.
147

4.15
Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
5. Insurance activities continued
The movement in provision for unearned premiums for LICCL can be analysed as follows:
2016 2016 2015 2015
Insurance Reinsurer’s Insurance Reinsurer’s
contract share of 2016 contract share of 2015
liabilities liabilities Net liabilities liabilities Net
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
At 1 January 30,821 (30,821) – 13,365 (13,365) –
Premiums written 237,916 (237,916) – 104,413 (104,409) 4
Premiums earned (186,192) 186,192 – (86,924) 86,920 (4)
Effect of exchange rates 5,744 (5,744) – (33) 33 –
At 31 December 88,289 (88,289) – 30,821 (30,821) –
Insurance Risk
Insurance risk represents the possibility of the occurrence of an accident, which results in uncertainties in relation to claim payments
and timing. Under the insurance contracts, the key insurance risk of the company is that the actual claim payment exceeds the carrying
amount of insurance reserves provided. These risks are likely to take place under the following circumstances:
– Occurrence risk – the possibility that the number of accidents is different from expectation;
– Severity risk – the possibility that the cost of accidents is different from expectation; and
– Development risk – the possibility that there is a change in reserves before the end of the contract.
LICCL has reinsured and retroceded 100% of the insurance risk for all underwritten premiums.
The concentration of insurance risk is presented by major class of business below:
2016 2015
£000 £000
Commercial property insurance 34% 17%
Agricultural insurance 22% 40%
Credit insurance 13% 2%
Engineering insurance 11% 111110%
Hull insurance 6% 4%
Special risk insurance 4% 11%
Liability insurance 4% 10%
Other 6% 6%
100% 100%
Risk Margin
Risk margin is the reserves provided for the uncertainty of estimated future cash flow. As LICCL does not have the basic data to perform
accurate computation of risk margin now, the risk margin of non-life business is determined based on industry ratio, that is, the risk
margin of unearned premium reserve is set at 3% and the risk margin of outstanding claims reserve is set at 2.5%, of the unbiased
estimation of future cash flow respectively.
Credit Risk
LICCL is exposed to credit risks primarily associated with direct insurance, reinsurance and retrocession arrangements with its
insurance counterparties. Credit risk is minimised by using a wide range of controls including credit evaluation. Due to the structure
of the local arrangements which are in place, the credit risk arising from LICCL is not considered to be material at a Group level.
148

6. Other Group operating expenses
2016 2016
Corporation Lloyd’s 2016
of Lloyd’s Central Fund Total
Note £000 £000 £000
Other Group operating expenses include:
Employment costs 7 147,003 – 147,003
Operating lease costs – Lloyd’s 1986 building 17,030 – 17,030
Operating lease costs – other 11,165 – 11,165
Professional fees, including legal fees and related costs 31,531 1,164 32,695
Audit 466 202 668
Other services pursuant to legislation payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 472 – 472
Actuarial services payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 76 – 76
Tax services payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 31 – 31
Information Technology (other) services payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 68 – 68
Other services payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 342 – 342
Total legal and professional fees 32,986 1,366 34,352
Charitable donations 567 – 567
Other services pursuant to legislation payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP includes work undertaken on the Aggregate Accounts,
pro forma financial statements and regulatory returns.
2015 2015
Corporation Lloyd’s 2015
of Lloyd’s Central Fund Total
Note £000 £000 £000
Other Group operating expenses include:
Employment costs 7 125,381 – 125,381
Operating lease cost – Lloyd’s 1986 building 17,010 – 17,010
Operating lease cost – other 7,669 – 7,669
Professional fees, including legal fees and related costs 23,998 927 24,925
Audit 388 193 581
Other services pursuant to legislation payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 548 – 548
Actuarial services payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 73 – 73
Tax services payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 123 – 123
Information Technology (other) services payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 30 – 30
Other services payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 908 – 908
Total legal and professional fees 26,068 1,120 27,188
Charitable donations 455 – 455
7. Employment
2016 2015
Note £000 £000
Salaries and wages (including performance-related bonus) 84,037 75,800
Lloyd’s Performance Plan (excluding social security costs – note 22) 7,011 5,916
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme costs 12 11,960 12,364
Other pension costs 3,372 2,555
Social security costs 9,225 8,438
Severance costs 919 774
Contract and agency staff 15,373 8,555
Other employment costs 15,106 10,979
Total employment costs 147,003 125,381
The emoluments of the Chairman, CEO, members of the Council and Franchise Board are included in the report of the Remuneration
Committee on page 103.
149

4.15
Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
8. Finance
2016 2016
Corporation Lloyd’s 2016
of Lloyd’s Central Fund Total
Note £000 £000 £000
Finance costs
Interest payable on financial liabilities measured at amortised cost – (52,841) (52,841)
Other interest payable and similar charges (4) – (4)
Amortisation of issue costs and discount – (725) (725)
Total interest payable on financial liabilities 3A (4) (53,566) (53,570)
Finance income
Bank interest received 3,184 5,290 8,474
Dividends received – 7,321 7,321
Other returns on investments designated at fair value through profit or loss 881 372,255 373,136
Unrealised fair value movement of forward contracts held for trading (4,854) 3,988 (866)
Realised fair value movement of forward contracts held for trading – (77,103) (77,103)
Increase in valuation of loans recoverable designated
at fair value through profit or loss – 2,829 2,829
Total finance income 3A (789) 314,580 313,791
2015 2015
Corporation Lloyd’s 2015
of Lloyd’s Central Fund Total
Note £000 £000 £000
Finance costs
Interest payable on financial liabilities measured at amortised cost – (53,034) (53,034)
Other interest payable and similar charges (36) – (36)
Amortisation of issue costs and discount – (1,292) (1,292)
Total interest payable on financial liabilities 3A (36) (54,326) (54,362)
Finance income
Bank interest received 3,807 4,107 7,914
Dividends received – 6,932 6,932
Other returns on investments designated at fair value through profit or loss 350 25,400 25,750
Unrealised fair value movement of forward contracts held for trading 101 (6,455) (6,354)
Realised fair value movement of forward contracts held for trading – 7,403 7,403
Increase in valuation of loans recoverable designated
at fair value through profit or loss – 1,083 1,083
Total finance income 3A 4,258 38,470 42,728
150

9. Investments in subsidiary undertakings
Subsidiaries are those entities over which the Society directly or indirectly has the power to govern the operating and financial policies
in order to gain economic benefits. The basis by which subsidiaries are consolidated in the Group financial statements is outlined in the
basis of preparation (note 1).
The following subsidiaries principally affected the Group’s results as at 31 December 2016, as set out in the Society Group income statement.
Principal subsidiary undertakings
Company name Nature of business Country of incorporation
Additional Underwriting Agencies (No. 5) Acts as members’ agent for Names England and Wales
Limited
Additional Securities Limited Provision of deposits overseas on behalf of England and Wales
Lloyd’s underwriters to comply with local
insurance regulations
Centrewrite Limited Authorised UK insurance company England and Wales
Lloyd’s Housing Support Limited General commercial company England and Wales
Lloyd’s Members Agency Services Limited Acts as members’ agent for run-off affairs England and Wales
Omniline Services Limited Incorporated for the purpose of sale and England and Wales
leaseback of Lloyd’s 1958 Building
Syndicate Underwriting Management Limited Provision of insurance run-off and related England and Wales
administrative services
Tutelle Limited Acts as a trustee of a fund established in order England and Wales
to secure the performance of obligations under
certain indemnities given by the Society of Lloyd’s
Lloyd’s Australia Limited Provision of administrative functions for Lloyd’s Australia
underwriters and acts as liaison office with the
insurance regulatory authorities in Australia
Lloyd’s Canada Inc. Provision of administration function on behalf of Canada
Society of Lloyd’s and Lloyd’s underwriters in Canada
Lloyd’s Cyprus Limited Acts as general and fiscal representative in Cyprus Cyprus
of Lloyd’s underwriters
Lloyd’s Escritorio de Representacao Provides representative, administrative and Brazil
no Brasil Ltda. management services on behalf of the Society of
Lloyd’s and participant of Lloyd’s insurance market.
Also acts as general and fiscal representative for
Lloyd’s underwriters
Lloyd’s France SAS Provides administrative and management services France
on behalf of the Society of Lloyd’s and participants
of Lloyd’s insurance market
Lloyd’s Iberia Representative S. L. U. Provides administrative and management services Spain
on behalf of the Society of Lloyd’s and participants
of Lloyd’s insurance market
Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited Authorised insurance Company in China China
Lloyd’s Ireland Representative Limited Provides administrative and management services on Ireland
behalf of Society of Lloyd’s and participants of Lloyd’s
insurance market. Also acts as general representative
for Lloyd’s underwriters in Ireland
Lloyd’s Japan Inc. Acting as a General Agent for the Society of Lloyd’s Japan
in Japan
Lloyd’s Labuan Limited Licensed to carry on business as underwriting Malaysia
manager in Labuan
Lloyd’s Limited Provides administrative and management services United Arab Emirates
on behalf of the Society of Lloyd’s and participants
of Lloyd’s insurance market
151

4.15
Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
9. Investments in subsidiary undertakings continued
Principal subsidiary undertakings continued
Company name Nature of business Country of incorporation
Lloyd’s Malta Limited Acts as a local general representative of the Society Malta
of Lloyd’s and those underwriting members of Lloyd’s
who transact insurance business in Malta
Lloyd’s Netherlands Representative B. V. Acts as representative office of Lloyd’s underwriters Netherlands
and Society of Lloyd’s
Lloyd’s of London (Asia) Pte Ltd Provides support for business development, Singapore
administration and co-ordination services to the
Society of Lloyd’s and Lloyd’s managing agents as
well as providing administrative functions for Lloyd’s
underwriters and acting as a liaison with the relevant
regulatory authorities in Singapore
Lloyd’s of London (Representative Office) Acts as general and fiscal representative in Greece Greece
Greece SA of Lloyd’s underwriters
Lloyd’s Polska Sp. z o.o. Provides administrative and management services Poland
on behalf of the Society of Lloyd’s and participant
of Lloyd’s insurance market
Lloyd’s South Africa (Proprietary) Ltd Provision of administration function on behalf of South Africa
Society of Lloyd’s and Lloyd’s underwriters in
South Africa
Lloyd’s America Ltd. Parent Company of Lloyd’s America Holding Inc. England and Wales
Lloyd’s America Holding Inc. Provision of services to Society of Lloyd’s and USA
Lloyd’s America Inc. its brokers and customers in North America
Lloyd’s Illinois Inc.
Lloyd’s Kentucky Inc.
The main territory of operation of subsidiaries incorporated in England and Wales is the UK. For overseas subsidiaries, the principal
country of operation is the same as the country of incorporation. All operating subsidiaries have a 31 December year end reporting date
with the exception of Lloyd’s Japan Inc. with the year end reporting date of 31 March. All operating subsidiaries are 100% owned with the
exception of Lloyd’s Escritorio de Representacao no Brasil Ltda. which is 99.99% owned by Society of Lloyd’s.
Restrictions
Lloyd’s operates in over 200 territories around the world and uses a number of different operating models depending upon local regulatory
requirements. Different countries operate different regulatory regimes and in some cases, these may place certain restrictions on the
use of capital and assets which are held within those countries, including capital of RMB 1bn (2015: RMB 1bn) within Lloyd’s Insurance
Company (China) Limited (LICCL). Lloyd’s proactively manages its international asset base to ensure that any such restrictions have a
minimal impact upon the utilisation of capital and investments or upon the operations of the Corporation.
Risks
In addition to the risks which are set out in the Financial Risk Management section on pages 123 to 124, the Corporation’s subsidiary
LICCL is also subject to the following risks:
– Credit risk: there is a risk that a syndicate may be unable to fulfil its reinsurance obligations, in which case LICCL could potentially
be exposed to a loss;
– Regulatory risk: as an overseas underwriting company, LICCL is subject to the requirements of the local regulator and could be
subject to penalties if these regulations are not satisfied; and
– Management do not consider that LICCL is subject to insurance risk due to the fact that all business is 100% reinsured.
152

Dormant subsidiaries
The Society has an ongoing interest in the following dormant subsidiaries. These subsidiaries are all 100% owned by the Society
and they have not actively traded as at 31 December 2016.
Company Name Country of Incorporation
Additional Underwriting Agencies (No. 9) Limited England and Wales
Additional Underwriting Agencies (No.10) Limited England and Wales
Bankside Nominees Limited England and Wales
Barder & Marsh Nominees Limited England and Wales
CI de Rougemont (Nominees) Limited England and Wales
CMA (CT&W) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Crowe Agency Nominees Limited England and Wales
Cuthbert Heath Nominees Limited England and Wales
Devonshire Underwriting Agencies Nominees Limited England and Wales
EHW (Nominees) Limited England and Wales
EWC (Nominees) Limited England and Wales
GP Eliot (Nominees) Limited England and Wales
Gammell Kershaw Nominees Limited England and Wales
GTUA Nominees Limited England and Wales
Habit Nominees Limited England and Wales
Hayter Brockbank Shipton Nominees Limited England and Wales
Higgins Brasier Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s Nominees Director Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s Nominees Secretary Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Cassidy Members) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Claremount) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Harrison Brothers) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Murray Lawrence) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Octavian) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (R J Kiln) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Sedgwick) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Spratt & White) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Stewart Members) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Wellington) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd-Roberts & Gilkes Nominees Limited England and Wales
Mander, Thomas & Cooper Nominees Limited England and Wales
Meacock (Nominees) Limited England and Wales
MFK Nominees Limited England and Wales
Miles Smith Nominees Limited England and Wales
Mocatta Dashwood Nominees Limited England and Wales
MUA Nominees Limited England and Wales
Mythzone Nominees Limited England and Wales
Nomad Nominees Limited England and Wales
Pieri Nominees Limited England and Wales
Pound Nominees Limited England and Wales
R F Kershaw (Nominees) Limited England and Wales
Rilong Nominees Limited England and Wales
Scott Caudle Hilsum Nominees Limited England and Wales
Sturge Central Nominees Limited England and Wales
Wendover Nominees Limited England and Wales
WFDA Nominees Limited England and Wales
153

4.15
Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
9. Investments in subsidiary undertakings continued
Dormant subsidiaries continued
Company Name Country of Incorporation
Lloyd’s Aviation Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s Building Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s.com Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s Information Services Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s Life Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s List Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London Press Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s Recoveries Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s Shelf Company 1 Limited England and Wales
Lutine Nominees & Insurance Limited England and Wales
Sharedealer Limited England and Wales
All subsidiary undertakings are included in the consolidated Society Report. The proportions of the voting rights in the subsidiary undertakings
held directly by the Society do not differ from the proportion of the ordinary shares held. With the exception of £1 preference share for Lloyd’s
Building Limited, the Society does not have any preference shares of subsidiary undertakings included in the Group.
10. Investments in Associates and Joint Venture
The Society has the following significant holdings which have been included as investments in associates and joint ventures.
Investment in Associates and Joint Venture
Company Name Country of Incorporation Proportion of equity capital held Nature of business
Ins-sure Holdings Limited England and Wales 25% Provision of premiums and
claims accounting and settlement,
policy production and ancillary
insurance services principally to
the London insurance market
Xchanging Claims Services Limited England and Wales 50% Provision of claims and
recoveries services
The Message Exchange Limited England and Wales Limited by Guarantee 25% Provision of messaging
infrastructure to the London
insurance market
The issued share capital of Ins-sure Holdings Limited is £4,000. There are three classes of shares. The Society holds 1,000,000 B
shares of 0.1p each that have the right to participate in 25% of any profits available for distribution.
The issued share capital of Xchanging Claims Services Limited is £4,001. There are three classes of shares. The Society holds
1,000 A shares of £1 each and 2,001 C shares of £1 each. The A and C shares have the following rights with respect to dividends:
(a) The A shares participate in 50% of any profits available for distribution after taking account of the dividend rights outlined above; and
(b) The C shares carry a right to a fixed cumulative preference dividend of 5% calculated on the nominal capital and a variable
participating dividend calculated by reference to trading profits.
The Society entered into a joint venture agreement with International Underwriting Association; London and International Brokers’
Association; and Lloyd’s Market Association for an equal participation in The Message Exchange Limited (TMEL) which was
incorporated on 27 August 2010.
TMEL operates The Exchange – a simple messaging hub provided to the London insurance market to support its efforts to extend the use of
electronic processing of business. As at 31 December 2015 and 2016, the net assets of TMEL have no material impact on the Society accounts.
154

A. Investments in Associates and Joint Venture
2016 2015
£000 £000
At 1 January 8,502 7,958
Share of operating profits 9,649 9,545
Share of interest income (6) (141)
Share of tax on profit on ordinary activities (1,752) (2,013)
Total share of profits of associates 7,891 7,391
Share of actuarial (losses)/gains on pension liability (3,271) 467
Share of tax on items taken directly to equity 635 (133)
Dividends received (7,161) (7,181)
At 31 December 6,596 8,502
Summary of financial information for associates – 100%:
Summarised statement of financial position
Ins-sure Holdings Xchanging Claims The Message Exchange
Limited Services Limited Limited
As at 31 December As at 31 December As at 31 December
2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Current assets
Debtors 24,405 18,791 7,679 5,117 70 72
Prepayments and accrued income 217 286 214 195 77 68
Cash at bank and in hand 11,300 15,992 8,656 3,477 – –
Total current assets 35,922 35,069 16,549 8,789 147 140
Non-current assets
Tangible fixed assets 348 665 2 7 – –
Intangible assets 32,365 20,948 514 365 – –
Deferred tax assets 2,321 350 147 – – –
Total non-current assets 35,034 21,963 663 372 – –
Current liabilities
Creditors falling due within one year (33,008) (23,306) (10,626) (5,085) (147) (140)
Current income tax liabilities (7,297) (5,557) (1,345) – – –
Total current liabilities (40,305) (28,863) (11,971) (5,085) (147) (140)
Non-current liabilities
Creditors falling due after more than one year (365) (484) – (12) – –
Pension liability (12,743) (1,943) (821) 68 – –
Total non-current liabilities (13,108) (2,427) (821) 56 – –
Net assets 17,543 25,742 4,420 4,132 – –
155

4.15
Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
10. Investments in Associates and Joint Venture continued
A. Investments in Associates and Joint Venture continued
Summarised statement of comprehensive income
Ins-sure Holdings Xchanging Claims The Message Exchange
Limited Services Limited Limited
For the period ended For the period ended For the period ended
31 December 31 December 31 December
2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Revenues 98,662 99,932 29,708 27,516 853 856
Operating costs (68,352) (67,015) (24,331) (22,797) (853) (856)
Operating profit 30,310 32,917 5,377 4,719 – –
Interest receivable and similar income 23 17 13 5 – –
Interest payable and similar charges (73) (293) – (12) – –
Profit on ordinary activities before taxation 30,260 32,641 5,390 4,712 – –
Tax on profit on ordinary activities (5,626) (6,820) (998) (959) – –
Profit for the financial year 24,634 25,821 4,392 3,753 – –
Other comprehensive income (9,033) (480) (757) 56 – –
Total comprehensive income 15,601 25,341 3,635 3,809 – –
B. Lloyd’s Collection
The Lloyd’s Collection represents various paintings, antiques and artefacts. The collection was valued at £13.3m by Gurr Johns Limited,
valuers and fine art consultants in November 2015, on the basis of open market auction value assuming all items are not sold at the same
time taking into account the nature, age, condition and quality of each chattel. This resulted in a revaluation gain of £0.8m in 2015.
In 2016, it was assessed that there was no change in valuation.
11. Taxation
A. Tax analysis of charge in the year
2016 2015
Note £000 £000
Current tax:
Corporation tax based on profits for the year at 20% (2015: 20.25%) (71,677) (20,751)
Adjustments in respect of previous years 2,284 773
Foreign tax suffered (2,403) (1,254)
Total current tax (71,796) (21,232)
Deferred tax:
Origination and reversal of timing differences
Current year (2,164) 8,026
Prior year (1,233) 371
Tax charge recognised in the Group income statement 11B (75,193) (12,835)
Analysis of tax charge recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income:
Tax credit/(charge) on actuarial loss on pension liabilities:
Group 18,799 (3,199)
Associates 635 (133)
Tax credit/(charge) recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income 19,434 (3,332)
Total tax charge (55,759) (16,167)
156

B. Reconciliation of effective tax rate
2016 2016 2015 2015
Note % £000 % £000
Surplus on ordinary activities before tax 405,149 87,187
Expected tax at the current rate 20.00% (81,030) 20.25% (17,655)
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes 0.04% (184) 1.21% (1,054)
Income not taxable for tax purposes (0.04%) 177 – –
Overseas tax 0.06% (227) (0.17%) 144
Difference between tax and accounting profit on investments (0.10%) 400 (0.30%) 265
Other (0.04%) 157 0.03% (26)
Share of profits of associates (0.39%) 1,579 (1.72%) 1,497
Deferred tax on restated fixed assets (0.08%) 316 (1.20%) 1,048
Deferred tax adjustment relating to change in tax rate (0.66%) 2,668 (2.06%) 1,798
Deferred tax prior year adjustments 0.33% (1,333) (0.43%) 375
Current tax prior year adjustments (0.56%) 2,284 (0.89%) 773
Tax charge 11A 18.56% (75,193) 14.72% (12,835)
C. Deferred tax
2016 2016 2016
Balance at Income 2016 Balance at
1 January statement Equity 31 December
£000 £000 £000 £000
Plant and equipment 5,630 (1,484) – 4,146
Financial investments (1,157) (5,639) – (6,796)
Pension liabilities 17,215 3,131 18,798 39,144
Other employee benefits 2,397 234 – 2,631
Other items 303 361 104 768
Total deferred tax 24,388 (3,397) 18,902 39,893
In 2016 there were no unrecognised deductible temporary differences (2015: nil).
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rate that will apply to the period when an asset is expected to be realised or a
liability is expected to be settled. The applicable rate is that which has been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date.
The deferred tax asset is based on a corporation tax rate of 20%-17% depending on when an asset is expected to unwind (2015: 20%-18%).
Reductions to the UK corporate tax rate to 19% from 1 April 2017 and 17% from 1 April 2020 were substantively enacted in September 2016.
2015 2015 2015
Balance at Income 2015 Balance at
1 January statement Equity 31 December
£000 £000 £000 £000
Plant and equipment 5,020 610 – 5,630
Loans recoverable (860) 860 – –
Financial investments (4,585) 3,428 – (1,157)
Pension liabilities 16,745 3,669 (3,199) 17,215
Other employee benefits 2,592 (195) – 2,397
Other items 266 26 11 303
Total deferred tax 19,178 8,398 (3,188) 24,388
157

4.15
Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
12. Pension schemes
Lloyd’s operates a number of defined benefit and defined contribution pension schemes. The principal scheme is the Lloyd’s Pension
Scheme which is a defined benefit scheme. Other schemes have been established for certain employees based overseas.
These schemes are generally funded by the payment of contributions to separately administered funds.
Defined benefit and contribution plans
The pension deficits of the schemes at 31 December 2016 are as follows:
2016 2015
£000 £000
Schemes in deficit
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme (227,579) (93,050)
Overseas pension schemes (2,939) (2,484)
Total schemes deficit (230,518) (95,534)
The amounts charged to the Group income statement and Group statement of comprehensive income, in respect of defined benefit
plans and defined contribution plans, are as follows:
2016 2015
£000 £000
Group income statement
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme 11,960 12,364
Overseas pension schemes 1,951 1,513
Other pension contributions 1,422 1,042
Total 15,333 14,919
Group statement of comprehensive income
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme 127,455 2,025
Overseas pension schemes (73) 42
Total 127,382 2,067
The Lloyd’s Pension Scheme
The Lloyd’s Pension Scheme is a defined benefit pension scheme with assets held in a separately administered fund. The Scheme
provides pensions to members on retirement, as well as benefits on the death of members. The Scheme operates in accordance with
the Scheme’s Trust Deed and Rules and relevant legislation. A Board of Trustees manage and administer the Scheme; they are primarily
responsible for ensuring that members are paid the correct benefits at the correct time, and that there are sufficient Scheme assets to
pay benefits as they fall due.
The Scheme was originally set up as a final salary pension scheme (i.e. benefits for employed members were linked to their latest salary),
a normal retirement age of 60 and an enhanced benefit section for senior managers. In recent years, in order to mitigate exposure to
pension scheme liabilities, several changes have been made to the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme.
– In February 2005, the senior management section of the Scheme was closed to new entrants and the Normal Retirement Age (NRA)
for all new joiners was increased from 60 to 65.
– The final salary scheme was closed to new joiners at the end of June 2006. New entrants from July 2006 were eligible to join the
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme but accrue benefits on a career average basis (where benefits are based on their average salary rather than
final salary).
– In April 2013, Lloyd’s made some further changes to its pension arrangements. The career average (i.e. CARE) section of the scheme
was closed to new joiners from April 2013, and to existing hires from June 2013 (existing employed members of each section continue
to accrue benefits). After these dates, employees are eligible to join the Lloyd’s Group Personal Pension Plan which is administered by
Aviva. The amount charged to the Group income statement in respect of Lloyd’s Group Personal Pension Plan is £1.4m (2015: £1.0m).
158

Scheme contributions and funding valuation
UK legislation requires the funding position of the Scheme to be assessed at least every three years by an independent qualified
actuary. Contributions are paid to provide for the cost of benefit accrual and to meet any funding deficit. Any funding deficit or surplus
is typically amortised over a period. Contributions are made at the funding rates and assumptions recommended by the actuary,
and agreed between the Trustees and Lloyd’s.
The last completed formal actuarial valuation of the Scheme was carried out by Willis Towers Watson, actuaries and consultants,
as at 30 June 2013 using the projected unit credit method. The total market value of the Scheme’s assets at the date of the 2013
valuation was £568m, and the total value of accrued liabilities was £559m showing a surplus of £9m. These figures exclude both
liabilities and the related assets in respect of money purchase Additional Voluntary Contributions.
Employee contributions of 5% of pensionable earnings (or 10% of pensionable earnings for members of the senior management
section) have been introduced from July 2006. Normally, instead of making an employee contribution, employees make a salary
sacrifice of the appropriate percentage of their salary and Lloyd’s makes an additional employer contribution of the same amount.
Following the 2013 actuarial valuation, employer contributions to meet the cost of future accrual as a percentage of salaries are
24.8% for final salary members with an NRA of 60, 15.4% for final salary members with an NRA of 65 and 8.8% for members accruing
benefits on a career average basis.
The latest formal actuarial valuation of the Scheme is currently being carried out by Willis Towers Watson, based on the position as
at 30 June 2016.
Members of the Lloyd’s Group Personal Pension Plan can elect their contribution rate (payable via salary sacrifice) and can change
this at any time.
The contribution structure is:
Employee Lloyd’s Total
3% 5% 8%
4% 6% 10%
5% 7% 12%
6% 8% 14%
Lloyd’s contribution is capped at 8% of salary, although individuals can elect a higher amount than 6% should they wish.
Discretionary pension increases – treatment for funding purposes
There are no guaranteed increases in payment for pensions accrued before 6 April 1997. In 2003, Lloyd’s instructed Willis Towers
Watson not to allow for such increases in calculating the Scheme’s liabilities for future actuarial funding valuations. Such increases
have always been payable at the discretion of Lloyd’s and will continue to be considered on the basis of affordability, but are not taken
into account by the actuary in determining the funding level.
Information about the risks of the Scheme to Lloyd’s
The ultimate cost of the Scheme to Lloyd’s will depend upon actual future events rather than the assumptions made. Many of the
assumptions made are unlikely to be borne out in practice and as such the cost of the Scheme may be higher (or lower) than disclosed.
In general, the risk to Lloyd’s is that the assumptions underlying the disclosures, or the calculation of contribution requirements, are not
borne out in practice and the cost to Lloyd’s is higher than expected. This could result in higher contributions required from Lloyd’s and
a higher deficit disclosed. This may also impact Lloyd’s ability to grant discretionary benefits or other enhancements to members.
More specifically, the assumptions not being borne out in practice could include:
– The return on the Scheme’s assets being lower than assumed, resulting in an unaffordable increase in the required contribution
from Lloyd’s;
– Falls in asset values (particularly equities) not being matched by similar falls in the value of liabilities;
– A decrease in corporate bond yields will increase the Scheme’s liabilities, although this will be partially offset by an increase in the
value of the Scheme’s bond assets;
– The majority of the Scheme’s assets are linked to inflation, and higher inflation will lead to higher liabilities; and
– Unanticipated future changes in mortality patterns leading to an increase in the life expectancy for members, resulting in higher
liabilities. Future mortality rates cannot be predicted with certainty.
159

4.15
Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
12. Pension schemes continued
The Scheme’s investment strategy
The Scheme’s investment strategy apportions the Scheme’s assets into two portfolios. The risk-reducing portfolio, amounting to around
40% of the total assets, is invested in bonds, structured with the intention of generating cash flows which match as far as possible those
required to meet a proportion of the Scheme’s obligations. The return-seeking portfolio is intended to generate returns which over the
long-term will fund the remainder of the Scheme’s obligations. This portfolio is invested in passive equities and active property. The equity
proportion is approximately 50% of the total assets and the property proportion is around 10%.
As the Scheme matures, the Trustees and Lloyd’s expect to gradually reduce the proportion allocated to return-seeking assets and
increase the proportion allocated to matching assets.
The Trustees are currently considering the equity management style and the diversification of the assets within the Return Seeking
Portfolio, and have established an Investment Sub-Committee to take these considerations forward.
Principal actuarial assumptions in respect of IAS 19
The demographic assumptions which are the most financially significant are those relating to the life expectancy of retired members.
The mortality table used for the purposes of the IAS 19 valuation as at 31 December 2016 was 105% of SAPs light tables for males and
110% SAPs light tables for females, with allowance for future improvements in line with CMI 2015 core projections with 1.5% per annum
trend improvement.
These assumptions are equivalent to expected longevity at age 60 approximately as follows:
– For pensioners currently aged 60: ranging from 29 years to 30 years (2015: 29 years to 30 years); and
– For non-pensioners currently aged 45: ranging from 30 years to 31 years (2015: 31 years to 32 years).
The other major financial assumptions used by the actuary as at 31 December 2016 for the purposes of IAS 19 were:
2016 2015 2014 2013 2012
% per annum % per annum % per annum % per annum % per annum
General salary and wage inflation 4.4% 4.2% 4.1% 4.4% 4.0%
Rate of increase in pensions in payment
Pre 6 April 1997 (in excess of GMPs) – – – – –
6 April 1997 to 5 April 2005 3.2% 3.1% 3.0% 3.2% 3.0%
Post 5 April 2005 2.3% 2.2% 2.2% 2.3% 2.5%
Increases to final salary deferred pensions
Benefits accrued before April 2009 2.4% 2.2% 2.1% 2.4% 2.2%
Benefits accrued from April 2009 2.4% 2.2% 2.1% 2.4% 2.2%
CARE revaluation in service and in deferment,
and increase in payment 2.3% 2.2% 2.2% 2.3% 2.2%
Discount rate 2.6% 3.8% 3.7% 4.4% 4.5%
Price inflation
Retail Price Inflation (RPI) 3.4% 3.2% 3.1% 3.4% 3.0%
Consumer Price Inflation (CPI) 2.4% 2.2% 2.1% 2.4% 2.2%
An allowance is made for members commuting 20% (2015: 20%) of their pension on retirement using the factors in use at the
respective date.
For IAS 19 purposes, Lloyd’s recognises the cost of discretionary increases to pre 6 April 1997 benefits in payment when there is a
constructive liability to make such increases. Lloyd’s provided £10.0m in 2007 and a further £20.0m in 2011 to meet the expected cost
of future discretionary increases. This amount has been notionally segregated from the Scheme’s other assets (the ‘notional fund’)
and its investment performance will be tracked on the assumption that it is invested in the same way as the Scheme’s other assets.
The notional fund will be used to facilitate the award of future discretionary pension increases when Lloyd’s carries out its annual review
of pensions in accordance with the Scheme’s Definitive Trust Deed. As long as there is a notional fund set aside for this purpose,
discretionary increases will continue to be made. As at 31 December 2016 the value of the notional fund was £29.2m (2015: £27.2m).
160

Sensitivity of pension obligation to changes in assumptions
The actuarial valuation of liabilities under IAS 19 is particularly sensitive to changes in market conditions.
A change of 1% per annum in the discount rate as at 31 December 2016 would result in a change to the pension liabilities at that date
of around 20%, or approximately £190m.
A change of 1% per annum in the assumption for future inflation (both RPI and CPI) as at 31 December 2016, which would change
future expectations of salary increases, pension increases and deferred revaluation, would result in a change to the pension liabilities
at that date of around 10%, or approximately £95m.
A change in the mortality assumptions could have a significant impact on the pension liability. For instance, if members aged 60 were
instead expected to live for one year longer, with all other members’ life expectancies increasing by a proportionate amount, then the
liability as at 31 December 2016 would be 3% higher.
Amounts for the current and previous years were:
2016 2015 2014 2013 2012
Fair value Fair value Fair value Fair value Fair value
Asset/(liability) analysis of the Scheme £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Bonds
Corporate bonds 135,427 126,893 131,291 89,233 93,573
Index-linked gilts 140,764 123,489 127,716 88,038 90,948
Equities
UK equities 41,246 56,009 57,501 67,997 56,459
Overseas (excluding UK) equities 283,456 258,274 254,531 287,648 234,198
Property 90,740 85,493 76,661 65,088 61,277
Infrastructure 15,050 11,251 12,090 9,850 8,748
Cash and net current assets 23,108 13,300 19,803 25,633 32,184
Total market value of assets 729,791 674,709 679,593 633,487 577,387
Actuarial value of Scheme liabilities (957,370) (767,759) (763,316) (665,904) (620,621)
Deficit in the Scheme (227,579) (93,050) (83,723) (32,417) (43,234)
Irrecoverable surplus (effect of asset ceiling) – – – – –
Net defined benefit liability (227,579) (93,050) (83,723) (32,417) (43,234)
All of the Scheme’s assets are quoted in an active market. The Scheme is not currently invested in any of Lloyd’s assets.
Approximately 96% of the Scheme’s liabilities relate to final salary members and 4% relates to CARE members.
161

4.15
Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
12. Pension schemes continued
Sensitivity of pension obligation to changes in assumptions continued
Changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligations are:
2016 2015
£000 £000
Actuarial value of Scheme liabilities at 1 January 767,759 763,316
Interest cost on Pension Scheme liabilities 28,716 27,814
Current service cost (net of employee contributions) 8,551 9,398
Employee contributions 1,786 2,073
Benefits paid (24,890) (23,832)
Experience gains arising in Scheme liabilities (18,724) (3,112)
Change in assumptions underlying the present value of the Scheme liabilities
Demographic assumption change (8,040) –
Financial assumption change 202,212 (7,898)
Actuarial value of Scheme liabilities at 31 December 957,370 767,759
Changes in fair value of plan assets were:
2016 2015
£000 £000
Fair value of Scheme assets at 1 January 674,709 679,593
Expected return on Pension Scheme assets 25,307 24,848
Employer contributions
Normal 4,886 5,062
Special – –
Employee contributions 1,786 2,073
Benefits paid (24,155) (23,170)
Actuarial gain/(loss) on Scheme assets 47,993 (13,035)
Administrative expenses (735) (662)
Fair value of Scheme assets at 31 December 729,791 674,709
Lloyd’s expects to contribute approximately £4.6m in normal contributions to the pension scheme in 2017.
Analysis of the amount recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income
2016 2015
£000 £000
Experience gains arising on Scheme liabilities 18,724 3,112
Changes in the assumptions underlying the present value of the Scheme liabilities
Demographic assumption change 8,040 –
Financial assumption change (202,212) 7,898
Actuarial (loss)/gain arising during period (175,448) 11,010
Return on Fund assets greater/(less) than discount rate 47,993 (13,035)
Change in irrecoverable surplus – –
Remeasurement effects recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income (127,455) (2,025)
162

Analysis of the amount charged to the Group income statement (recognised in other Group operating expenses)
2016 2015
£000 £000
Current service cost 8,551 9,398
Net interest on net defined benefit liability 3,409 2,966
Total operating charge 11,960 12,364
Approximately 66% of the service cost for 2016 relates to final salary members and 34% relates to CARE members.
Maturity profile of Defined Benefit Obligation
The Scheme is maturing over time with 38% of the members in the Scheme being retired members and with an approximate duration
of the Scheme’s liabilities of around 20 years. The expected benefit payments from the Scheme over the next few years is as follows:
£m
Expected benefit payments during year ending 31-Dec-17 26.3
Expected benefit payments during year ending 31-Dec-18 23.7
Expected benefit payments during year ending 31-Dec-19 24.5
Expected benefit payments during year ending 31-Dec-20 26.8
Expected benefit payments during year ending 31-Dec-21 27.4
Expected benefit payments during period 01-Jan-22 to 31-Dec-26 161.6
Expected benefit payments during period 01-Jan-27 to 31-Dec-31 188.8
Expected benefit payments from 01-Jan-32 onward 1,259.7
Overseas pension schemes
Lloyd’s operates a number of defined benefit schemes for qualifying employees based overseas. The actuarial valuations of these
pension schemes at 31 December 2016 resulted in a deficit of £2.9m (2015: £2.5m).
31 December 31 December
2016 2015
Development of net balance sheet position £000 £000
Value of assets 3,098 1,919
Actuarial value of scheme liabilities (6,037) (4,403)
Deficit in the scheme (2,939) (2,484)
Net defined benefit liability (2,939) (2,484)
The total expense recognised in other Group operating expenses of £0.8m (2015: £0.1m) represents the related current service cost of
these schemes. An actuarial gain of £73,000 has been recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income (2015: loss of £42,000).
Defined contribution plans
Lloyd’s operates a number of defined contribution retirement benefit schemes for qualifying employees based overseas. The assets of
the schemes are held separately from those of Lloyd’s in funds under the control of the trustees.
In some countries, employees are members of state-managed retirement benefit schemes. Lloyd’s is required to contribute a specified
percentage of payroll costs to fund these benefits. The only obligation of Lloyd’s with respect to the retirement benefit scheme is to
make the specified contributions.
The total expense recognised in the Group income statement of £1.4m (2015: £0.5m) represents contributions payable to these schemes
by Lloyd’s at rates specified in the rules of these schemes.
163

4.15
Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
13. Intangible assets – software development
£000
Cost
At 1 January 2015 4,734
Additions 272
Disposals (195)
At 31 December 2015 4,811
Additions 419
Disposals (123)
At 31 December 2016 5,107
Amortisation
At 1 January 2015 4,716
Charge for the year 175
Disposals (161)
At 31 December 2015 4,730
Charge for the year 324
Disposals (114)
At 31 December 2016 4,940
Net book value at 31 December 2016 167
Net book value at 31 December 2015 81
Impairment losses
As part of an assessment of the carrying value of assets, none of the intangible assets were written off in 2016 and 2015.
The amortisation charge is included within other Group operating expenses.
14. Plant and equipment
Computer and
Furniture and specialised
fittings equipment Other Total
£000 £000 £000 £000
Cost:
At 1 January 2015 20,402 18,587 93 39,082
Additions 11,654 4,241 7 15,902
Disposals (2,506) (725) (35) (3,266)
At 31 December 2015 29,550 22,103 65 51,718
Additions 5,948 2,814 10 8,772
Disposals (3,352) (1,125) (4) (4,481)
At 31 December 2016 32,146 23,792 71 56,009
Depreciation and impairment
At 1 January 2015 13,624 13,665 56 27,345
Depreciation charge for the year 5,311 2,311 18 7,640
Disposals (900) (585) (26) (1,511)
At 31 December 2015 18,035 15,391 48 33,474
Depreciation charge for the year 5,134 2,640 24 7,798
Impairment losses – 8 – 8
Disposals (2,324) (1,052) (4) (3,380)
At 31 December 2016 20,845 16,987 68 37,900
Net book value at 31 December 2016 11,301 6,805 3 18,109
Net book value at 31 December 2015 11,515 6,712 17 18,244
Impairment losses
Impairment reviews are undertaken annually in which assets within plant and equipment have their recoverable amounts reassessed.
As part of this assessment of the carrying value of assets, £8,000 of plant and equipment was written off in 2016 (2015: nil).
164

15. Loans recoverable
2016 2015
£000 £000
At 1 January 44,577 46,439
Recoveries during the year (3,997) (2,945)
Fair value movements recognised during the year 2,830 1,083
At 31 December 43,410 44,577
The Society’s loans recoverable are categorised as fair value Level 3 for disclosure purposes (refer to note 18). All fair value movements are
recognised as finance income or finance costs in the Group income statement and relate solely to the revaluation of hardship and LFAA assets.
16. Financial investments
2016 2015
Note £000 £000
Statutory insurance deposits 16A 496,609 445,901
Other investments 16B 2,862,839 2,657,659
Total financial investments 3,359,448 3,103,560
A. Statutory insurance deposits
2016 2016 2016
Securities Deposits Total
£000 £000 £000
Market value at 1 January 11,517 434,384 445,901
Additions at cost 27,265 499,210 526,475
Disposal proceeds (27,235) (527,258) (554,493)
Surplus on the sale and revaluation of investments 1,795 76,931 78,726
Market value at 31 December 13,342 483,267 496,609
2015 2015 2015
Securities Deposits Total
£000 £000 £000
Market value at 1 January 225,296 252,198 477,494
Additions at cost 292,010 580,685 872,695
Disposal proceeds (508,822) (414,297) (923,119)
Surplus on the sale and revaluation of investments 3,033 15,798 18,831
Market value at 31 December 11,517 434,384 445,901
2016 2016 2015 2015
Cost Valuation Cost Valuation
£000 £000 £000 £000
Analysis of government securities at year end 12,180 13,342 11,202 11,517
2016 2015
Analysis of securities £000 £000
AAA 84,926 73,083
AA 156,952 134,105
A 56,392 32,665
BBB 187,330 196,066
Other 11,009 9,982
Total securities 496,609 445,901
165

4.15
Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
16. Financial investments continued
A. Statutory insurance deposits continued
Finance is arranged by advances from syndicates in the Lloyd’s market. These advances are renewed annually. By agreement with the
lenders, investment returns earned on these assets are paid, in appropriate proportions, to the lenders. In this way, the Society avoids
any risk arising from a mismatch between borrowing and lending terms. Book cost is stated at historical exchange rates; market value
is quoted at year end exchange rates.
The provision of funds by members in respect of the establishment and maintenance of overseas deposits is a condition of permission
to underwrite insurance business at Lloyd’s.
B. Other investments
2016 2016
Corporation Central 2016
of Lloyd’s Fund Total
£000 £000 £000
Market value at 1 January 235,915 2,421,744 2,657,659
Additions at cost – 1,709,732 1,709,732
Decrease in short-term deposits (60,461) (914) (61,375)
Disposal proceeds – (1,761,386) (1,761,386)
Surplus on the sale and revaluation of investments – 318,209 318,209
Market value at 31 December 175,454 2,687,385 2,862,839
Analysis of securities at year end
Listed securities
Fixed interest
Government – 746,502 746,502
Corporate securities – 863,813 863,813
Emerging markets – 88,947 88,947
High yield – 59,530 59,530
Total fixed interest – 1,758,792 1,758,792
Global equities – 551,076 551,076
Total listed securities – 2,309,868 2,309,868
Unlisted securities
Hedge funds – 165,584 165,584
Commodities – 49,001 49,001
Loan investments – 103,630 103,630
Short-term deposits 175,454 39,302 214,756
Security deposits (see below) – 20,000 20,000
Total unlisted securities 175,454 377,517 552,971
Market value 175,454 2,687,385 2,862,839
Analysis of securities
AAA 45,948 386,579 432,527
AA 36,404 722,501 758,905
A 85,852 416,821 502,673
BBB 7,250 224,124 231,374
Other – 937,360 937,360
Total securities 175,454 2,687,385 2,862,839
166

2015 2015
Corporation Central 2015
of Lloyd’s Fund Total
£000 £000 £000
Market value at 1 January 137,437 2,357,460 2,494,897
Additions at cost – 1,781,531 1,781,531
Increase in short-term deposits 98,478 17,996 116,474
Disposal proceeds – (1,719,939) (1,719,939)
Deficit on the sale and revaluation of investments – (15,304) (15,304)
Market value at 31 December 235,915 2,421,744 2,657,659
Analysis of securities at year end
Listed securities
Fixed interest
Government – 829,860 829,860
Corporate securities – 704,864 704,864
Emerging markets – 62,198 62,198
High yield – 49,179 49,179
Total fixed interest – 1,646,101 1,646,101
Global equities – 495,577 495,577
Total listed securities – 2,141,678 2,141,678
Unlisted securities
Hedge funds – 141,086 141,086
Commodities – – –
Loan investments – 78,764 78,764
Short-term deposits 235,915 40,216 276,131
Security deposits (see below) – 20,000 20,000
Total unlisted securities 235,915 280,066 515,981
Market value 235,915 2,421,744 2,657,659
Analysis of securities
AAA 59,035 365,675 424,710
AA 80,494 777,502 857,996
A 96,386 257,421 353,807
BBB – 384,428 384,428
Other – 636,718 636,718
Total securities 235,915 2,421,744 2,657,659
Security deposits
Tutelle Limited
In 1996 the Council set aside, under a Lloyd’s special account, £20m of the ‘Old’ Central Fund to secure the Society’s obligations under
staff indemnities and certain indemnities which have been given by Lloyd’s to certain individuals and advisers in respect of the
‘Reconstruction and Renewal’ plan. These include members of the Reserve Group, directors and officers of Equitas, members of the
Council, Lloyd’s Regulatory Board, Lloyd’s Market Board (the latter two boards ceased during 2002) and of their respective sub-
committees and Corporation staff.
Unless and until there is any default under the security documentation, interest earned on the trust fund is paid to the ‘Old’ Central Fund.
The security was deposited for an initial period of two years and the Council exercised its discretion to renew this in June 1998. The
Council further amended the period of the deposit, in November 1998, so that the security could only be released if the Council was
satisfied that there was no reasonable prospect of a claim being made under these indemnities. Tutelle’s position is under biennial
review and, having been reviewed in July 2016, will be reviewed again in July 2018. The security may continue for a period of up to 80
years. Any of the funds remaining after this period will be repaid to the ‘Old’ Central Fund.
167

4.15
Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
17. Trade and other receivables due within one year
2016 2015
£000 £000
Due within one year
Trade (net of allowance for impairment) 2,728 8,149
Insurance and reinsurance receivables 122,525 31,559
Member’s subscriptions and contributions receivable 3,434 –
Interest receivable 16,954 17,631
Taxation and social security 2,151 1,806
Overseas office deposits 2,737 3,372
Amounts due from underwriters 7,392 8,501
Other receivables 47,220 9,972
Total trade and other receivables 205,141 80,990
18. Financial instruments
Explanations of the Society’s financial instrument risk management objectives, policies and strategies are set out in the discussion of
the Society’s financial risk management and treasury policies on pages 123 to 124 of the Financial Review.
Fair values and credit risk
The methods and assumptions used in estimating the fair value of financial instruments are detailed in note 2F on pages 138 to 139.
The fair value (based on the quoted offer prices) of subordinated debt is £952.0m (2015: £948.4m) against a carrying value measured at
amortised cost of £882.8m (2015: £882.1m). All other financial instruments are either held at fair value or at an amount that approximates
fair value.
At the reporting date there were no significant concentrations of credit risk. The maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by the
carrying value of each financial asset, including derivative financial instruments, in the Group statement of financial position. Exposures
under guarantees entered into by the Society are detailed in note 27.
Impairment losses
Trade receivables
The ageing of trade receivables as at 31 December 2016 was as follows:
2016 2016 2016 2015 2015 2015
Gross Impairment Net Gross Impairment Net
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Not past due 2,077 – 2,077 2,032 – 2,032
Past due 31-120 days 306 – 306 5,312 – 5,312
More than 120 days 349 (4) 345 829 (24) 805
Total 2,732 (4) 2,728 8,173 (24) 8,149
The Society’s normal credit terms are 30 days. Receivables of more than 120 days represent amounts due from members no longer
underwriting in respect of Society charges.
The movement in the allowance for impairment in respect of trade receivables during the year was as follows:
2016 2015
£000 £000
Balance at 1 January 24 95
Additional allowances during the year charged to the Group income statement – 20
Allowances released during the year credited to the Group income statement – (36)
Recoveries during the year (20) (55)
Balance at 31 December 4 24
168

Sensitivity analysis
Foreign currency exposure
Currency risk is the risk that the sterling value of the Society’s assets and liabilities will fluctuate due to changes in foreign exchange
rates. The Society’s exposure to the risk of changes in the foreign exchange rates relates primarily to retranslating foreign currency
subordinated notes, revaluation of loans recoverable and changes in the fair value of foreign currency denominated investments and
forward contracts. Further details on foreign currency risk can be found on page 124.
Debt securities sensitivities
The value of the Society’s investments in debt securities is affected by changes in the level of yields, as determined by the financial markets.
As at 31 December 2016, a consistent increase of 100 basis points in the yields applicable to all relevant securities would have reduced
the surplus before tax by approximately £34m (2015: £33m). Relevant securities include investment grade sovereign and corporate
bonds, floating rate notes and interest rate swaps. This analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular foreign currency exchange
rates, remain constant. In practice, actual results may differ. Further details on market risk can be found on page 124.
Equity price risk
Equity price risk is the risk that the market values of equity investments fall. At 31 December 2016, a 15% fall in the value of all the
Society’s equity investments would have reduced the surplus before tax by approximately £84m (2015: £76m). This analysis assumes
that all other variables, in particular foreign currency exchange rates, remain constant. In practice, actual results may differ. Further
details on market risk can be found on page 124.
Foreign exchange risk
The majority of foreign exchange exposures arising from investments denominated in foreign currencies are managed via a foreign
exchange hedging programme. However, some net exposures to foreign currencies remain and the sterling value of the Society’s
investments may be impacted by movements in exchange rates relating to these exposures. At 31 December 2016, a 10% rise in the
value of sterling, against all other currencies, would have reduced the surplus before tax by £133m (2015: £95m). This analysis assumes
that all other variables remain constant. In practice, actual results may differ.
Liquidity risk
The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Society’s non-derivative financial liabilities as at 31 December 2016 based on
undiscounted contractual cash flows:
Carrying Contractual Within 1-2 2-5 More than 5
amount cash flows 1 year years years years
As at 31 December 2016 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Subordinated loan notes 494,324 (690,000) (23,750) (23,750) (71,250) (571,250)
Perpetual subordinated capital securities 388,490 (421,105) (421,105) – – –
Loans funding statutory insurance deposits 493,713 (493,713) (493,713) – – –
Trade and other payables 377,968 (377,968) (377,968) – – –
Total 1,754,495 (1,982,786) (1,316,536) (23,750) (71,250) (571,250)
Carrying Contractual Within 1-2 2-5 More than 5
amount cash flows 1 year years years years
As at 31 December 2015 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Subordinated loan notes 493,600 (713,750) (23,750) (23,750) (71,250) (595,000)
Perpetual subordinated capital securities 388,490 (450,196) (29,091) (421,105) – –
Loans funding statutory insurance deposits 436,518 (436,518) (436,518) – – –
Trade and other payables 210,171 (210,171) (210,171) – – –
Total 1,528,779 (1,810,635) (699,530) (444,855) (71,250) (595,000)
The contractual cash flows have been based on the expectation, but not the obligation, that the subordinated notes and perpetual
subordinated capital securities are redeemed at the first option date.
Forward currency contracts are settled gross; notional amounts are a close proxy for gross cash flow amounts. Further details regarding
the subordinated notes and the perpetual subordinated capital securities can be found in note 21 on pages 174 to 175. Information
regarding financial guarantees, all of which could theoretically be called on within one year, can be found in note 27 on page 180.
169

4.15
Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
18. Financial instruments continued
Derivative financial instruments
The Society enters into forward currency contracts to manage exposures to fluctuation of exchange rates and to provide a service to
the Lloyd’s market. The Society’s derivative financial instruments are categorised as fair value Level 2 for disclosure purposes.
2016 2015
Analysis of forward currency contracts £000 £000
Outstanding forward foreign exchange gains 16,233 8,789
Outstanding forward foreign exchange losses (19,117) (16,838)
The fair value and notional amounts of forward currency contracts, all of which mature within one year, are analysed as follows:
2016 Assets 2016 Liabilities
Fair value Notional Fair value Notional
As at 31 December 2016 £000 £000 £000 £000
Currency conversion service (CCS) 6,288 206,826 (6,830) (207,368)
Other forward foreign exchange contracts 8,280 440,850 (9,207) (441,777)
Interest rate swaps 1,665 187,272 (3,080) (187,272)
Total 16,233 834,948 (19,117) (836,417)
2015 Assets 2015 Liabilities
Fair value Notional Fair value Notional
As at 31 December 2015 £000 £000 £000 £000
Currency conversion service (CCS) 3,200 176,852 (3,416) (177,069)
Other forward foreign exchange contracts 5,029 538,304 (11,372) (544,647)
Interest rate swaps 560 123,673 (2,050) (123,673)
Total 8,789 838,829 (16,838) (845,389)
Fair Value Hierarchy
To provide further information on the valuation techniques we use to measure assets carried at fair value, we have categorised the
measurement basis for assets carried at fair value into a ‘fair value hierarchy’ described as follows, based on the lowest level input that
is significant to the valuation as a whole:
Level 1
Inputs to Level 1 fair values are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. An active market is one in which transactions for the
asset occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. Examples are listed debt securities
in active markets, listed equities in active markets, listed deposits held with credit institutions in active markets and vanilla interest swaps
in the United Kingdom and USA.
Level 2
Inputs to Level 2 fair values are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset, either directly
(i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices) and fair value is determined through the use of models or other valuation
methodologies. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar (i.e. not identical) assets in active markets, quoted prices for identical
or similar assets in markets that are not active or in which little information is released publicly, unlisted deposits held with credit
institutions in active markets, low volatility hedge funds where tradeable net asset values are published.
Level 3
Inputs to Level 3 fair values are inputs that are unobservable for the asset. Unobservable inputs have been used to measure fair value
where observable inputs are not available, allowing for situations where there is little or no market activity. Unobservable inputs reflect
assumptions that the Society considers that market participants would use in pricing the asset and have been based on a combination of
independent third party evidence and internally developed models.
170

Fair value hierarchy continued
2016 2016 2016 2016
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Notes £000 £000 £000 £000
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Statutory insurance deposits
Listed securities – 3,682 – 3,682
Unlisted securities – 9,660 – 9,660
Deposits with credit institutions – 483,267 – 483,267
Total statutory insurance deposits 16A – 496,609 – 496,609
Other investments
Listed securities 746,503 1,012,289 – 1,758,792
Equity investments 396,198 154,878 – 551,076
Unlisted securities – 300,655 17,560 318,215
Deposits with credit institutions 234,756 – – 234,756
Total other investments 16B 1,377,457 1,467,822 17,560 2,862,839
Derivative financial instruments
Currency conversion service – 6,288 – 6,288
Other forward foreign exchange contracts – 8,280 – 8,280
Interest rate swaps 1,665 – – 1,665
Total derivative financial instruments 18 1,665 14,568 – 16,233
Loans recoverable 15 – – 43,410 43,410
Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 1,379,122 1,978,999 60,970 3,419,091
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Derivative financial instruments
Currency conversion service – (6,830) – (6,830)
Other forward foreign exchange contracts – (9,207) – (9,207)
Interest rate swaps (3,080) – – (3,080)
Total derivative financial instruments 18 (3,080) (16,037) – (19,117)
Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (3,080) (16,037) – (19,117)
171

4.15
Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
18. Financial instruments continued
Fair value hierarchy continued
2015 2015 2015 2015
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Notes £000 £000 £000 £000
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Statutory insurance deposits
Listed securities – 3,355 – 3,355
Unlisted securities – 8,162 – 8,162
Deposits with credit institutions – 434,384 – 434,384
Total statutory insurance deposits 16A – 445,901 – 445,901
Other investments
Listed securities 829,861 816,240 – 1,646,101
Equity investments 381,361 114,217 – 495,578
Unlisted securities – 206,812 13,037 219,849
Deposits with credit institutions 296,131 – – 296,131
Total other investments 16B 1,507,353 1,137,269 13,037 2,657,659
Derivative financial instruments
Currency conversion service – 3,200 – 3,200
Other forward foreign exchange contracts – 5,029 – 5,029
Interest rate swaps – 560 – 560
Total derivative financial instruments 18 – 8,789 – 8,789
Loans recoverable 15 – – 44,577 44,577
Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 1,507,353 1,591,959 57,614 3,156,926
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Derivative financial instruments
Currency conversion service – (3,416) – (3,416)
Other forward foreign exchange contracts – (11,372) – (11,372)
Interest rate swaps – (2,050) – (2,050)
Total derivative financial instruments 18 – (16,838) – (16,838)
Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss – (16,838) – (16,838)
This table has been re-presented from that shown in the 2015 Annual report to show both £111.4m of listed securities and £114.2m of equity
investments as Level 2 that were previously shown as Level 1 and £13.0m of unlisted securities as Level 3 that were previously shown as
Level 2.
The Society’s senior secured loans (reported within unlisted securities) and loans recoverable are categorised within Level 3 fair values
for disclosure purposes.
Unlisted securities
Senior secured loans represent corporate lending to third parties which are held directly by the Society and managed by an external
specialist investment manager. Gains and losses arising from changes in the fair value are included in the Group income statement in
the period in which they arise. The revaluation process is carried out on a monthly basis.
When specific loans are insufficiently traded, the investment manager will determine fair value based on various unobservable factors
and market inputs. This approach aligns with a Level 3 classification. Level 3 asset price estimation process involves significant
judgement including the input choice. The investment manager will determine the most appropriate valuation method which may
comprise of, but not limited to, discounted cash flow models, option adjusted spread prices, trading values on comparable assets
or indicative brokers quote(s).
Fair values are determined using a pricing hierarchy structure for valuation purposes. The valuation principles employed are to provide
the most accurate valuations, while also working to provide independent valuations. The pricing process employs a hierarchy that
utilises numerous third party sources in a tiered system. The standard pricing hierarchy includes the following independent pricing
vendors: FT Interactive Data; Reuters; Barclays Indices; Citigroup Indices; Merrill Lynch Indices; SNP (Standard & Poor’s);
MarkIt/LoanX – senior secured loans; Broker/Dealer Pricing; Fair Value/Model Pricing and Spread Pricing.
172

Loans recoverable
Recoverable Central Fund loans made to hardship members are managed on a fair value basis and relate solely to the revaluation of
hardship, LFAA and legal assets. Gains and losses arising from changes in the fair value are included in the Group income statement
in the period in which they arise. The revaluation process is carried out twice a year at both interim and year end.
Fair values are determined by reference to an estimate of the valuation of the underlying securities at the dates at which they may be
exercised and discounted back to present day values. In the calculation of the fair value, the securities include both properties that
have had a 2% increase applied and hardship trust fund assets with an annual increase of 1.3%. Both securities have had the percentage
increase applied until the date at which they may be exercised. The property market stabilised during 2016 with an increase during the
final quarter of the year. A discount rate of 2.6% has also been applied to achieve present day fair value. The securities include both
properties and hardship trust fund assets. A security can normally only be exercised on the later of the date of death of the member
or of their spouse. This date is assessed using actuarial assumptions.
There have been no significant transfers between Levels 1, 2 and 3 for the year ended 31 December 2016.
The fair value movements during the year are recognised as finance income or finance costs in the Group income statement.
The table below sets out a reconciliation from the opening balances to the closing balances of Level 3 fair values:
2016 2015
£000 £000
As at 1 January 57,614 57,115
Purchases 6,501 3,886
Sales (6,400) (5,605)
Transfers (from)/to Level 3 (2,586) 878
Total net gains recognised in the profit and loss 5,841 1,340
As at 31 December 60,970 57,614
Sensitivity analysis
The majority of the Society’s investments are valued based on quoted market information or other observable market data.
The Society holds 1.8% (2015: 1.8%) of its financial investments at a fair value based on estimates and recorded as Level 3 investments.
Unlisted securities sensitivities
Where estimates are used to value unlisted securities, these are based on a combination of independent third party evidence and
internally developed models, calibrated to market observable data where possible. While such valuations are sensitive to estimates,
it is believed that changing one or more of the assumptions to reasonably possible alternative assumptions might result in a higher
or lower fair value measurement, though this is unlikely to be significant.
Loans recoverable sensitivities
The value of loans recoverable is affected by changes in both property and hardship trust fund values. The property values are
determined by a valuation being carried out periodically together with applying Halifax price indices bi-annually to revalue the assets
at interim and year end. Inflationary increases are then applied to both property values and hardship trust funds until the estimated
exercised date and then discounted back to present day values. Inflationary increases are based on management’s best estimate
taking current economic conditions into account.
As at 31 December 2016, a decrease of 100 basis points in the property values, comprising the greatest part of the total balance,
would have reduced the surplus before tax by approximately £0.1m (2015: £0.1m). This analysis assumes that all other variables,
including inflationary increases and discounted rates, remain the same.
173

4.15
Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
19. Cash and cash equivalents
2016 2015
£000 £000
Cash at banks 178,907 113,561
Short-term deposits 212,228 61,853
Total cash and cash equivalents 391,135 175,414
Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short-term deposits are made for varying periods of
between one day and three months, depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Society, and earn interest at the respective
short-term deposit rates. The fair value of cash and cash equivalents is £391.1m (2015: £175.4m).
20. Equity
Accumulated reserves
2016 2015
£000 £000
Attributable to:
Corporation of Lloyd’s (995) 72,696
Central Fund 1,952,292 1,657,958
Associates 6,596 8,502
Total accumulated reserves 1,957,893 1,739,156
Revaluation reserve
The revaluation reserve is used to record increases in the fair value of the Lloyd’s Collection and decreases to the extent that such
decreases relate to the amount previously recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income.
Translation reserve
The translation reserve is used to record foreign exchange gains and losses recognised in other comprehensive income as a result of
translating the results and financial position of Group entities that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency.
21. Subordinated notes and perpetual subordinated capital securities
2016 2015
£000 £000
Details of loans payable wholly or partly after more than five years:
6.875% subordinated notes redeemed on 17 November 2015 (Sterling 2004 Notes) – –
4.750% subordinated notes of £500m maturing 30 October 2024 (Sterling 2014 Notes) 500,000 500,000
7.421% perpetual subordinated capital securities of £392m redeemable on 21 June 2017 392,013 392,013
892,013 892,013
Less issue costs to be charged in future years (6,172) (6,510)
Less discount on issue to be unwound in future years (3,027) (3,413)
Total 882,814 882,090
174

Subordinated notes
The Sterling 2004 Notes were due to mature on 17 November 2025, although the Society took the option to redeem them on
17 November 2015.
The Sterling 2014 Notes issued on 30 October 2014 mature on 30 October 2024 and bear interest at a rate of 4.75% per annum,
payable annually in arrears on 30 October in each year.
The Notes are subordinated obligations of the Society. Each tranche of the Notes will rank pari passu with the other in a winding-up of
the Society. Upon the occurrence of any winding-up proceedings of the Society, payments on the Notes will be subordinated in right of
payment to the prior payment in full of all other liabilities of the Society, except for liabilities which rank equally with or junior to the Notes.
Payments on the Notes will also be subordinated to certain payments which may be made out of central assets including payments
made to discharge the liabilities of an insolvent member to any person (including any policyholders) arising out of, or in connection with,
insurance business carried on at Lloyd’s by that insolvent member and payments made in respect of the costs required by or under any
insolvency procedure to which the Society or the Lloyd’s market may be subject. However, in the event of a winding-up of the Society,
the claims of the holders of the Notes rank senior to the distribution of any central assets to members of Lloyd’s generally (other than
payments made to members in their capacity as senior creditors of the Society).
Subordinated debt issued in 2007
The perpetual subordinated capital securities (‘capital securities’) are perpetual securities and have no fixed redemption date. However,
they are redeemable in whole on 21 June 2017 at the option of the Society or on any interest payment date thereafter provided certain
conditions have been met by the Society. The capital securities bear interest at a rate of 7.421% per annum until 20 June 2017, payable
annually in arrears on 21 June in each year, and thereafter at a rate per annum reset semi-annually of 2.41% per annum above the London
interbank offered rate for six-month sterling deposits, payable semi-annually in arrears on the interest payment dates falling on 21 June and
21 December in each year.
The capital securities are subordinated obligations of the Society. Upon the occurrence of any winding-up proceedings of the Society,
the claims of the holders of the capital securities will rank junior to all other claims of creditors of the Society (including any creditor who
is the holder of any of the Sterling Notes issued by the Society in 2004) except for those creditors having claims which rank equally with
or junior to the claims of the holders of the capital securities. The claims of the holders of the capital securities will also rank junior to any
payments made to discharge the liabilities of a member in connection with insurance business carried on at Lloyd’s by that member and
also to the claims of any person in respect of whom a New Central Fund undertaking has been made. However, in the event of a
winding-up of the Society, the claims of the holders of the capital securities rank senior to the distribution of any central assets to
members of Lloyd’s generally (other than payments made to members in their capacity as senior creditors of the Society).
22. Provisions
2016
Undertakings 2016
given to Income 2016 2016
insolvent Assistance Lease Cost Other risks 2016
members Scheme Provision and charges Total
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Balance at 1 January 5,859 2,698 12,637 523 21,717
Charged in the year 8,300 – 2,070 64 10,434
Utilised in the year (13,653) (465) (3,531) (62) (17,711)
Balance at 31 December 506 2,233 11,176 525 14,440
2015
Undertakings 2015
given to Income 2015 2015
insolvent Assistance Lease Cost Other risks 2015
members Scheme Provision and charges Total
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Balance at 1 January 5,859 3,055 15,250 425 24,589
Charged in the year – – 3,191 162 3,353
Utilised in the year – (357) (5,804) (64) (6,225)
Balance at 31 December 5,859 2,698 12,637 523 21,717
175

4.15
Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
Undertakings given to insolvent members
The Council has given undertakings with financial limits to certain corporate members to use the New Central Fund to discharge the
liability of those members where they have unpaid cash calls and do not have the resources to meet those cash calls.
The purpose of these undertakings is primarily to allow valid claims made on policies underwritten by those insolvent members to continue
to be paid in full. For those corporate members in provisional liquidation, the Council has also provided a supporting commitment, which will
ensure that in no circumstance will an insurance creditor receive less than the amount it would have received in a winding-up commencing
on the date of the provisional liquidation.
2016 2016 2015 2015
Note £000 £000 £000 £000
Provisions for amounts payable at 1 January 5,859 5,859
Undertakings granted in the year 4 8,300 –
Analysis of paid undertakings by member
Ebury Underwriting Limited (6,591) –
Hermanus Underwriting Limited (7,062) –
Paid during the year (13,653) –
Undertakings given to insolvent members at 31 December 506 5,859
Income Assistance Scheme
The Income Assistance Scheme was effective from 1 January 2010 and replaced both the Hardship Income Top-up Scheme and the
Income and Housing Support Scheme. The Income Assistance Scheme is permanent and replaces the discretionary nature of the
previous schemes and guarantees ongoing payment of income assistance to eligible members of the previous schemes until the full
undertaking has been utilised, other than in the event that Lloyd’s faces severe financial stress.
Lease cost provision
The lease cost provision represents the Society’s obligations in respect of the contractual capital expenditure and dilapidation cost
under fully repairing leases.
Provision for other risks and charges
The provision relates to Centrewrite Limited and represents costs associated with running-off the business and obligations that have been
incurred which are recognised to the extent they are not expected to be recovered by future profits or investment income of the operation.
Sensitivities
Undertakings given to insolvent members
This provision is calculated with reference to the financial exposure that is expected to be borne by the Central Fund based upon forecast
member losses. It is therefore sensitive to both the likelihood of these losses occurring as well as the potential value of the losses.
Income Assistance Scheme
The provision covers expected future payments under the Income Assistance Scheme. The Names covered by the scheme receive
quarterly payments until (a) death (or a spouse’s death depending upon the individual arrangements agreed), (b) earlier settlement of
the debt by the Name or (c) default by the Name of their contractual obligations. The value of the provision is therefore sensitive to the
factors above as well as changes in inflation rates.
Lease cost provisions
The value of the lease cost provision is calculated with reference to the costs which are expected to be incurred during the remainder of
the lease term. A 10% increase in these costs will therefore increase the value of the provision by 10%. It should be noted that the value
of the provision is not sensitive to the timing of expenditure during the lease term.
Provision for other risks and charges
The provision relates to costs associated with running-off the business within Centrewrite Limited. In addition, obligations that have
been incurred by the company are recognised to the extent they are not expected to be recovered by future profits or investment
income of the operation. The provision is based on an estimation of future costs for the next ten years and is therefore sensitive to
changes in charges levied by service providers as well as the rate of inflation used within the provision calculation.
176

23. Trade and other payables
2016 2015
£000 £000
Due within one year
Trade and other creditors 130,201 53,125
Insurance and reinsurance payables 204,432 85,721
Members’ subscriptions and contributions repayable 18,958 47,325
Taxation and social security 2,876 2,706
Arbitration awards 1,981 1,774
Interest payable on subordinated loan notes 19,520 19,520
Total trade and other payables 377,968 210,171
24. Cash generated from operations
2016 2015
Notes £000 £000
Surplus before tax 405,149 87,187
Net finance (income)/cost 8 (260,221) 11,634
Share of profits of associates 10A (7,891) (7,391)
Operating surplus 137,037 91,430
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred 4 8,300 14
Operating surplus before Central Fund claims and provisions 145,337 91,444
Adjustments for:
Depreciation of plant and equipment 14 7,798 7,640
Amortisation of intangible assets 13 324 175
Impairment losses 14 8 –
Losses on sale and revaluation of fixed assets 1,685 1,786
Gains on investments 3,271 145
Foreign exchange (gains)/losses on operating activities (2,849) 745
Operating surplus before working capital changes and claims paid 155,574 101,935
Changes in pension obligations 7,112 7,422
Increase in receivables (240,392) (68,433)
Increase in inventories (88) (52)
Increase in payables 285,229 94,099
Decrease in provisions other than for Central Fund claims (2,187) (2,872)
Cash generated from operations before claims paid 205,248 132,099
Claims paid in respect of corporate/insolvent members 22 (13,653) (14)
Cash generated from operations 191,595 132,085
177

4.15
Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
25. Commitments
A. Capital expenditure commitments
Capital expenditure commitments contracted but not provided for in the financial statements totalled £0.06m (2015: £0.9m).
B. Operating lease commitments – Lloyd’s as lessee
2016 2015
£000 £000
Non-cancellable operating lease rentals are payable as follows:
Within one year 33,536 33,074
After one year but not more than five years 99,199 100,616
More than five years 185,794 208,383
Commitments outstanding under the terms of the lease for the Lloyd’s 1986 building have been included at the current rental value
(£16.8m per annum) to the end of the lease term in February 2031. The lease is subject to a rent review every fifth year, the 2016 review is
not settled.
The Lloyd’s Chatham building is included at the current rental value (£0.4m per annum) to the end of the lease term in December 2028.
The lease was subject to a 21 month rent free period which ended 31st July 2015.
During the year ended 31 December 2015, the Society entered into a new lease for the Lloyd’s Datacentre in Singapore, the lease
expires in October 2020.
During the year ended 31 December 2016, the Society entered in to a new lease for the Lloyd’s Datacentre in Illinois, the lease expires
in March 2021.
During the year ended 31 December 2015, the Society entered into a new lease agreement for Lloyd’s Limited in Dubai, the lease expires
in January 2018.
During the year ended 31 December 2016, the Society entered into a new lease agreement for Lloyd’s Australia, the lease expires in
January 2021.
Subsidiary undertakings are party to a number of small operating leases mainly for property rental and small machinery. The commitments
outstanding have been included at current rental value to the first break in the lease. These arrangements do not impose any significant
restrictions on the Society.
During the year ended 31 December 2016, £28.1m (2015: £24.7m) was recognised as an expense in the Group income statement in
respect of operating leases.
C. Operating lease commitments – Lloyd’s as lessor
2016 2015
£000 £000
Non-cancellable operating lease rentals are receivable as follows:
Within one year 8,164 7,228
After one year but not more than five years 20,072 22,570
More than five years – –
The three major tenants for the Lloyd’s 1986 building are included at the current rental value to the first break in the leases in 2016 and 2017.
Subsidiary undertakings are party to a number of small operating leases for property sub-rental. The lease rentals receivable have been
included at current rental value to the first break in the lease.
During the year ended 31 December 2015, the Society entered into a new lease agreement for Lloyd’s Limited in Dubai. This has resulted
in a number of additional sub lease agreements entered into between Lloyd’s Limited and various managing agents.
During the year ended 31 December 2016, the Society entered into a new lease agreement for Lloyd’s Australia. This has resulted in
a number of additional sub lease agreements entered into between Lloyd’s Australia and various managing agents.
During the year ended 31 December 2016, £14.4m (2015: £12.4m) was recognised as income in the Group income statement in respect
of operating leases.
178

26. Disclosure of related party transactions
The Group financial statements include the financial statements of the Society and all of its subsidiary undertakings, the Lloyd’s
Central Fund and the Group’s interests in its associates and joint venture as listed in note 10.
Services provided to Ins-sure Holdings Limited Group in the year ended 31 December 2016 included operating systems support
and development, premises and other administrative services.
Services provided to Xchanging Claims Services Limited Group in the year ended 31 December 2016 included premises and other
administrative services.
Services provided to The Message Exchange Limited in the year ended 31 December 2016 included the provision of messaging
infrastructure.
The following table provides the total amount of transactions that have been entered into with related parties for the relevant
financial years together with information regarding the outstanding balances at 31 December 2016 and 2015.
Sales to Purchases from Amounts owed Amounts owed
related parties related parties by related parties to related parties
2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015 2016 2015
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Associates:
Ins-sure Holdings Limited 291 287 5,017 1,814 6 28 1,494 121
Xchanging Claims Services Limited 66 88 – – 1 6 – –
Joint venture:
The Message Exchange Limited – – 498 493 – – 38 40
Transactions with associates and joint arrangements are priced on an arm’s length basis.
In the normal course of business, the Society may enter into transactions with Lloyd’s market businesses in which members of Council
and the Franchise Board may have an interest.
Details of the compensation paid to key management personnel including short-term employee benefits, post-employment benefits,
other long-term benefits and termination benefits are disclosed within the Report of the Remuneration Committee on pages 99 to 116.
179

4.15
Society Report
Notes to the Financial Statements
(As at 31 December 2016)
27. Contingent liabilities
(a) General average guarantees have been given on behalf of, and secured by, Lloyd’s underwriters. It is estimated that the aggregate
of the liabilities attaching to these guarantees at 31 December 2016 amounted to £37.3m (31 December 2015 £29.2m).
(b) The Society has taken on the responsibilities of some individual members under hardship and other agreements.
In connection with the statutory transfer to Equitas Insurance Limited on 30 June 2009 of the non-life business underwritten
at Lloyd’s and allocated to 1992 or prior years of account, the Society has entered into undertakings for the benefit of certain
policyholders of Equitas Insurance Limited (former policyholders of PCW syndicates or of members who at the material time still
have the benefit of hardship or other agreements with the Society), under which the Society would meet any shortfall in recoveries
by such policyholders from Equitas Insurance Limited on the occurrence of an ‘Equitas Insolvency Event’.
The Society has also given an unlimited undertaking to its subsidiary undertaking Centrewrite Limited to meet any shortfall in its
cashflow or assets (including any shortfall arising from an insufficiency of recoveries from Equitas Reinsurance Limited under its
reinsurance of the obligations of Centrewrite to Equitas Insurance Limited).
(c) Uncollateralised bank guarantees and other arrangements have been entered into by the Society to provide security in connection
with the underwriting activities of the members of Lloyd’s in the countries shown:
2016 2015
£000 £000
Guarantees provided by the Society
USA: US$1,500,000 (2015: US$1,500,000) 1,219 1,018
The Society has also entered into other arrangements in connection with the rental of office space in overseas countries.
In respect of all contingent liabilities disclosed as at 31 December 2016, no provision has been made in the Society financial statements
(2015: £nil).
28. Post Balance Sheet Event
On 30 January 2017, the Society issued £300m of tier 2 debt in the form of a 30-year Non-Call 10 subordinated bond to further
strengthen its capital position. The final pricing was at UK government 10-year Gilts plus 330 basis points.
180

4.16
Society Report
Five Year Summary
(As at 31 December 2016)
2016 2015 2014 2013 2012
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Corporation operating income 331,761 238,990 220,722 217,224 214,384
Central Fund income 119,955 111,507 114,745 108,361 105,636
Gross written premiums 237,916 104,413 53,040 39,218 29,910
Outward reinsurance premiums (237,916) (104,409) (53,036) (39,211) (29,906)
Total income 451,716 350,501 335,471 325,592 320,024
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred (8,300) (14) (812) (17,758) (26,447)
Central Fund repayment to members – – (48,995) – –
Gross insurance claims incurred (199,650) (68,639) (13,841) (20,326) (11,695)
Insurance claims recoverable from reinsurers 199,656 68,639 14,360 20,385 11,801
Other Group operating expenses
Employment (including pension costs) (147,003) (125,381) (108,309) (102,487) (98,128)
Premises (49,117) (40,305) (42,226) (46,099) (40,660)
Legal and professional (34,352) (27,188) (20,734) (17,002) (14,070)
Systems and communications (35,671) (26,012) (23,563) (23,353) (22,826)
Other (40,242) (40,171) (32,428) (29,944) (29,992)
Total other Group operating expenses (306,385) (259,057) (227,260) (218,885) (205,676)
Surplus before finance, associates and tax 137,037 91,430 58,923 89,008 88,007
Finance costs
Deficit on subordinated debt repurchase – – (8,929) (15,162) –
Interest payable on financial liabilities and other (53,570) (54,362) (48,920) (55,642) (62,198)
Finance income 313,791 42,728 93,523 60,359 114,855
Realised/unrealised exchange gains/(losses) on borrowings – – 6,864 (6,126) 6,107
Share of profits of associates 7,891 7,391 7,577 6,843 5,945
Surplus before tax 405,149 87,187 109,038 79,280 152,716
Tax charge (75,193) (12,835) (17,543) (13,884) (33,880)
Surplus for the year 329,956 74,352 91,495 65,396 118,836
181

5.0
How Lloyd’s Works

5.1 What is Lloyd’s? [182]
5.1 Lloyd’s Market Structure [182]
5.2 L loyd’s Business Model [184]
5.3 The Lloyd’s Market [188]
5.4 Lloyd’s Value Creation [190]
5.5 Lloyd’s Market Governance [192]
5.6 Managing Agents and Syndicates [193]
5.7 Alternative Performance Measures [196]
5.8 Glossary [198]

5.1
How Lloyd’s Works
What is Lloyd’s / Lloyd’s Market Structure
The business written at Lloyd’s Lloyd’s Market Structure
is brought to specialist syndicates,
Members – providing the capital
who price and underwrite risk,
The capital to underwrite policies is provided by
via brokers and coverholders. members of Lloyd’s. This capital is backed by many
of the world’s major insurance groups, listed companies,
Under its globally recognised name, Lloyd’s acts as individuals and limited partnerships, with corporate
the market’s custodian and is backed by diverse global groups providing the majority of the capital for the
resources and a capital structure designed to ensure Lloyd’s market.
financial security. Lloyd’s works with an international
distribution network to increase the use of insurance Syndicates – writing the insurance
— building the resilience of local communities and A Lloyd’s syndicate is formed by one or more members
supporting global economic growth. joining together to provide capital and accept insurance
risks. Most syndicates write a range of classes of
Led by expert brokers and underwriters operating in business but many will have areas of specific expertise.
more than 200 territories, the Lloyd’s market develops Syndicates are, technically, set up on an annual basis.
and distributes complex and critical insurance to help In practice, they usually operate from year to year
underwrite human progress. with members having the right, but not the obligation,
to participate in syndicates the following year.
With expertise earned over centuries, Lloyd’s is an This continuity of capital backing the syndicates
influential force in the insurance industry. Its Vision 2025 means they function like permanent insurance
strategy, launched in 2012, is aimed at ensuring that it operations. Each syndicate sets its own appetite for
remains a global centre for specialist insurance and risk, develops a business plan, arranges its reinsurance
reinsurance, facing future challenges head-on while protection and manages its exposures and claims.
grasping the opportunities of a fast-changing world. At 31 December 2016 there were 99 syndicates
at Lloyd’s.
Managing agents – managing the syndicates
A managing agent is a company set up to manage
one or more syndicates on behalf of the members.
Managing agents have responsibility for employing
underwriters, overseeing their underwriting and
managing the infrastructure and day-to-day operations.
At 31 December 2016 there were 57 managing agents
at Lloyd’s.
Policyholders – transferring risk
Policyholders include businesses, organisations,
other insurers and individuals from around the world
who seek to mitigate the impact of potential risks.
Policyholders may access the Lloyd’s market via
a broker, coverholder or service company.
182

Brokers – distributing business The Corporation’s role includes:
Lloyd’s is a broker market in which strong
relationships, backed by deep expertise, play — Managing and protecting Lloyd’s network
a crucial part. Brokers facilitate the risk transfer of international licences;
process between policyholders and underwriters. — Agreeing syndicates’ business plans and evaluating
Much of this business involves face to face performance against those plans. Syndicates are
negotiations between brokers and underwriters. required to underwrite only in accordance with
At 31 December 2016 there were 258 brokers their agreed business plans. If they fail to do so,
at Lloyd’s. Lloyd’s can take a range of actions including, as
a last resort, stopping a syndicate underwriting;
Coverholders and service companies – offering — Monitoring syndicates’ compliance with Lloyd’s
local access to Lloyd’s minimum standards; and
A managing agent may also authorise third parties — Continuing to raise standards and improve
to accept insurance risks directly on behalf of its performance across two main areas:
syndicates. These businesses, known as coverholders, - overall risk and performance management
form a vital distribution channel, offering a local route of the market; and
to Lloyd’s in many territories around the world. - maintaining and developing the market’s
At 31 December 2016 there were 3,859 approved attractiveness to capital providers, distributors
Coverholder office locations. and clients, while preserving its diversity.
The Corporation’s Executive Committee exercises the
A service company operates like a coverholder but
day-to-day powers and functions of the Council of
is a wholly owned subsidiary of a managing agent
Lloyd’s and the Franchise Board. At 31 December 2016
or its group. Unlike a coverholder, a service company
the Corporation and its subsidiaries had 1,062 staff.
is able to sub-delegate underwriting authority to
other coverholders. At 31 December 2016 there were
380 service companies at Lloyd’s, with the majority
in the UK and the US.
Corporation of Lloyd’s – supporting the market
The Corporation oversees the Lloyd’s market.
It provides the market’s infrastructure, including
services to support its efficient running, and protects
and maintains its reputation.
Members’ agents – supporting the members
Members’ agents provide advice and administrative
services to members, including assisting with
syndicate selection. At 31 December 2016,
there were four members’ agents at Lloyd’s.
183

5.2
How Lloyd’s Works
Lloyd’s Business Model
The Lloyd’s market In light of Lloyd’s mix of business, it is important that this
Among Lloyd’s defining features are the diversity assessment goes beyond the 12 month horizon required
of its underwriting portfolio and its very wide, by Solvency II and must cover the risk of such extreme
and expanding, geographic reach. losses until all liabilities are paid and extend to an
ultimate basis.
Access to international insurance markets is one of
Lloyd’s greatest assets. It has specific trading rights The Corporation reviews each syndicate’s SCR to
to write insurance business in more than 75 jurisdictions assess the adequacy of the proposed capital level.
and the ability to write reinsurance in more than 200 When agreed, each SCR is then ‘uplifted’ to ensure
countries and territories. While the US and UK remain there is sufficient capital to support Lloyd’s ratings and
dominant markets for Lloyd’s, in recent years there has financial strength. The uplift applied for 2017 is 35%.
been an increase in business from locations such This uplifted SCR is known as the syndicate’s Economic
as Singapore, China and Latin America. Capital Assessment and drives members’ capital levels
across all of the syndicates in which they participate
Lloyd’s has been working to extend and enhance its in proportion to their share of those syndicates. Each
geographical coverage to reflect the evolution of the member’s capital is held in trust by the Corporation
global economy and the dispersal of insurance capacity. for the benefit of policyholders but is not available for
During 2016, it increased its access in India. the liabilities of other members.
Lloyd’s capital structure Lloyd’s central capital – the third link in the
Lloyd’s capital structure, often referred to as the Chain of Security
Chain of Security, provides excellent financial security Lloyd’s central assets, which include the Central
to policyholders and capital efficiency for members. Fund, are available, at the discretion of the Council
The capital structure provides the financial strength of Lloyd’s, to meet any valid claim that cannot be
that ultimately backs all insurance policies written at met from the resources of any member.
Lloyd’s and the common security that underpins the
market’s strong ratings and global licence network. Should syndicates need additional assets to meet their
Lloyd’s capital structure has three elements: liabilities, the funds at Lloyd’s ensure that members have
additional resources available. In the rare event that a
Syndicate assets – members’ working capital – member’s capital is insufficient and that member is not
the first link in the Chain of Security able to provide further assets to the relevant syndicates,
All premiums received by syndicates are held in trust Lloyd’s central capital provides further financial support
by the managing agents as the first resource for paying to ensure valid claims are paid. The Corporation
policyholders’ claims and to fund regulatory deposits. calculates the central Solvency Capital Requirement,
Until all liabilities have been provided for, no profits can which is independently validated and overseen by the
be released. Every year, each syndicate’s reserves for PRA. The Franchise Board sets the level of economic
future liabilities are independently audited and receive capital needed above the regulatory minimum
an actuarial review. to meet its risk appetite and support the market’s
ratings and global licence network.
Funds at Lloyd’s – members’ capital deposited at
Lloyd’s – the second link in the Chain of Security
Each member, whether corporate or individual, must
provide sufficient capital to support their underwriting
at Lloyd’s. Managing agents are required to assess
the Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) for each
syndicate that they manage. This sets out how much
capital the syndicate requires to cover its underlying
business risks at a 99.5% confidence level.
184

Market structure
The Corporation of Lloyd’s
Business Flow Managing Agents Capital Flow
Syndicates
Policyholder Distribution Members
Channel
– Brokers
– C overholders
Subordinated
debt/
securities
£883m
185

5.2
How Lloyd’s Works
Lloyd’s Business Model
Lloyd’s Chain of Security
Several assets
FirFsirts Lt inLkink SySnydnicdaictaet lee vleevl eals assestest s
£5£35,839,809m0 m
Second Link Members’ funds at Lloyd’s
Second Link Members’ funds at Lloyd’s
£21,703m
£21,703m
Mutual assets
Mutual assets
Third Link Central Fund Callable layer
£1,952m £903m
Corporation
£44m
Subordinated
debt/
securities
£883m
186

Lloyd’s ratings
All Lloyd’s syndicates benefit from Lloyd’s central
resources, including the Lloyd’s brand, its global
licences and the Central Fund. As all Lloyd’s policies are
backed by this common security, a single market rating
can be applied. Lloyd’s financial strength ratings apply
to all policies issued by Lloyd’s syndicates since 1993.
Three of the world’s leading insurance rating agencies –
Standard & Poor’s, Fitch Ratings and A.M. Best – assess
Lloyd’s capitalisation and financial strength. Additional
information on the security underlying policies at Lloyd’s
can be found on the Lloyd’s website.
Lloyd’s ratings at 31 December 2016
Standard & Poor’s: A+ (Strong)
A+
Fitch Ratings: AA– (Very Strong)
AA-
A.M. Best: A (Excellent)
A
187

5.3
How Lloyd’s Works
The Lloyd’s Market
ENDURANVCaEri aLtOioGnOs
RGB (for on-screen usage, web etc.)
BYG el r ulaleod wie nt RRDLi --ag 22rh 11kt ,1 b G b , lG l - uu 5-ee 71 R ,8 R B -0 -2 - 1 , 1 1B 9 2 ,- 1G 74 , 2-G5-71, 9B3-,1 B2-7217
If you have any questions regarding the use of the Endurance logo that are not addressed within this document, please call The Bailey Group at 610.940.9030
188

189

5.4
How Lloyd’s Works
Lloyd’s Value Creation
Throughout history, human progress has gone hand- Benefits to brokers and policyholders
in-hand with risk taking. From the smallest idea to the
largest expedition, whether considerable or minimal, Underwriting expertise and product offering—
risk, to some degree, is an ever-present factor. Properly The Lloyd’s market is a recognised centre of specialist
quantified and managed, it should not be a barrier to underwriting, claims and analytics expertise. This
success. Indeed, risk taking is key to making progress. expertise supports a wide range of specialist insurance
and reinsurance products, often developed to meet
The role of insurance is to transfer risk, so providing complex and challenging insurance needs.
individuals and organisations with the confidence
to undertake endeavours that might otherwise Claims payment—Lloyd’s is proud of its reputation for
be avoided. paying all valid claims in a timely and efficient manner.
In this way, insurance – and Lloyd’s as one of its most Security and ratings —The single market ratings – from
well-known names – can be seen as having played Standard & Poor’s, Fitch Ratings and A.M. Best – reflect
a significant role in underwriting human progress. the fact that all contracts underwritten at Lloyd’s are
The 17th century saw Lloyd’s insuring ships and their backed by Lloyd’s Chain of Security. All policyholders
cargoes as new trade routes were opened up around benefit from the robust financial position of the market
the globe. It has provided cover for ventures such as as a whole.
the first non-stop transatlantic flight, the first airships
and missions to the International Space Station.
Today, Lloyd’s continues to support technological
progress, developing policies that cover the use of
aerial drones and pioneering the first cyber-security
liability policy.
Lloyd’s itself provides a platform for individual
commercial business to thrive. It is a varied market,
ranging from large international organisations to
smaller niche businesses. Lloyd’s syndicates often
cover complex risks, including categories such as
shipping, aviation, nuclear, climate, pandemics,
political risk and energy.
For those seeking such protection, whether individuals,
companies or even governments, the confidence that
their insurance policies have sound financial backing
and that their claims will be dealt with fairly and quickly
is paramount. This confidence is fundamental to Lloyd’s
global brand and reputation. Lloyd’s is a globally
recognised and highly valued brand within the
insurance industry.
190

How Lloyd’s Works
Lloyd’s Value Creation
Benefits to syndicates and capital providers Benefits to society and the economy
Market access—Through Lloyd’s central licensing Economic contribution—Lloyd’s is part of the
arrangements syndicates at Lloyd’s are able to access broader London insurance market, which employs
business from more than 200 countries and territories. around 48,000 people – 34,000 of them in London.
The London underwriting room, in which transactions It contributes some £60bn to the UK’s GDP — more
take place on a face to face basis, and Lloyd’s than a fifth of the City of London’s GDP contribution.
strategically located international hubs are all supported In 2016, 148 of FTSE 250 companies and 29 of the
by a global network of representatives with extensive 30 listed in the Dow Jones Industrial Average were
local knowledge. insured at Lloyd’s.
Lloyd’s has been described (for example, in a 2014 Contribution to society—Lloyd’s also has a part to
report from Standard & Poor’s) as the ‘natural’ home play globally in supporting the communities in which
for some areas of specialist insurance and so is an it operates and in taking a lead on wider social and
equally natural choice for those looking to underwrite environmental issues. This is reflected in its commitment
in these specialist fields. to Global Corporate Social Responsibility as part of
Vision 2025. Lloyd’s continues to be an active member
Capital advantages—Lloyd’s capital framework, of the ClimateWise initiative, a collaborative endeavour
under which insurance commitments are underpinned by insurers to drive action on climate change.
by a Central Fund, is efficient and flexible.
Lloyd’s also co-ordinates a number of Corporate
Central processes—Lloyd’s market infrastructure Social Responsibility (CSR) programmes. During 2016
supports its efficient operation. The Corporation these included a week-long series of global events
provides central cash settlement and up to date for the UN World Environment Day and the Dive-In
information on regulatory and legal changes that could festival focusing on diversity and inclusion.
have an impact on underwriting decisions. It provides
efficient tax and regulatory reporting to help the market The provision of risk transfer, through insurance
meet its requirements and represents the market’s and reinsurance, gives Lloyd’s policyholders the
interests to regulators and governments. confidence to undertake activities that carry risk
and the potential to recover when things go wrong.
Market oversight—The Corporation aims to strike
a proportionate balance between supporting a In this way, Lloyd’s helps to underwrite human progress
robust market oversight regime and supporting and it has created – and continues to create – value
the entrepreneurial and innovative culture that has to society that far exceeds any financial measure.
contributed to its growth and reputation for more than
three centuries. It seeks not only to work with market
participants wanting to develop new and innovative
products but also to foster new thinking for the market
as a whole – for example, through research into
emerging risks and their potential mitigation.
191

5.5
How Lloyd’s Works
Lloyd’s Market Governance
The governance and oversight framework for the The Corporation’s oversight activity is published in its
Lloyd’s market is designed to ensure that both the 2017 Market Oversight Plan. This provides managing
Corporation and managing agents in the Lloyd’s market agents with a summary of the Corporation’s view of
have robust and comprehensive systems of governance, the key risks facing the market in 2017, together with
risk management and internal controls. The underlying the key oversight activities that the Corporation will
objective of this overall framework is that the Corporation undertake during the year.
and the market actively manage risks to the Central
Fund, Lloyd’s licences, ratings and brand and to ensure The Corporation’s oversight role through this framework
good outcomes for policyholders. is crucial. The Corporation is accountable to the
Prudential Regulatory Authority (PRA) and Financial
Lloyd’s governance and risk management Conduct Authority (FCA) for this (see below).
The Council of Lloyd’s is Lloyd’s governing body and
has ultimate responsibility for overall management of Managing agents’ boards play an important role in
the market. The Council delegates many of its functions ensuring that their firms’ business plans, strategy and
to the Franchise Board, whose members are appointed key risks are subject to appropriate and effective levels
by the Council and come from both inside and outside of oversight and challenge.
the Lloyd’s market. The Franchise Board is responsible
for, among other things, supervising and regulating the External regulation
market and owns Lloyd’s risk management framework. In addition to the oversight and supervision provided
by the Corporation as set out above, the Corporation
Lloyd’s risk management framework identifies and managing agents are regulated by the PRA and
the key risks that Lloyd’s faces and enables an FCA. Members’ agents and Lloyd’s brokers are
assessment of these risks on a common basis. regulated by the FCA alone.
The Franchise Board has delegated to the Risk The Corporation is required by the PRA to meet various
Committee responsibility for oversight of risks and prudential requirements relating to capital and solvency
providing regular assurance to the Board that those and to demonstrate that the Lloyd’s market is soundly
risks are managed in accordance with approved and prudently managed.
policies and risk appetites.
The FCA’s focus is on ensuring that the Corporation
Oversight of the Lloyd’s market and managing agents have systems and controls in
Each managing agent within the market has the place to manage conduct risk arising from business
responsibility for its own corporate governance. underwritten at Lloyd’s, with a view to securing an
However, the Corporation provides a comprehensive appropriate degree of protection for policyholders.
market oversight framework for the governance of
these businesses. This covers performance
management, capital setting and risk management.
The framework includes extensive Minimum Standards,
including a Governance Minimum Standard, to which
managing agents must adhere. The Corporation
regularly assesses compliance with these standards.
192

5.6
How Lloyd’s Works
Managing Agents and Syndicates
The table shows the key characteristics for managing agents and syndicates active as at 31 December 2016.
In 2016, Lloyd’s wrote gross premiums of £29,862m.
Percentage of
2016 2015 member owned by
Managed GWP* GWP* MA group
Managing Agent (MA) syndicate(s) £m £m %
ACE Underwriting Agencies Limited 1882 62 99 100%
2488 408 378 100%
Advent Underwriting Limited 780 190 157 100%
AEGIS Managing Agency Limited 1225 377 333 100%
Allied World Managing Agency Ltd 2232 164 144 100%
AmTrust at Lloyd’s Limited 44 14 17 100%
1206 238 154 100%
2526 30 29 99%
AmTrust Syndicates Limited 779 20 14 0%
1861 259 222 100%
5820 251 228 68%
Antares Managing Agency Limited 1274 338 261 100%
Apollo Syndicate Management Limited 1969 215 188 20%
Arch Underwriting at Lloyd’s Ltd 2012 179 154 100%
Argenta Syndicate Management Limited 2121 281 227 43%
Argo Managing Agency Limited 1200 514 421 85%
6117 46 24 0%
Ark Syndicate Management Limited 4020 312 337 87%
Ascot Underwriting Limited 1414 573 567 100%
Aspen Managing Agency Limited 4711 404 331 100%
Asta Managing Agency Limited 1686 216 118 0%
1729 87 66 0%
1897 113 97 0%
1910 200 275 0%
2357 128 47 0%
2525 50 44 0%
2786 59 0 0%
4242 137 111 0%
6123 14 4 0%
6126 28 0 0%
Atrium Underwriters Limited 609 413 383 25%
Barbican Managing Agency Limited 1856 85 0 0%
1955 313 328 100%
6118 78 48 63%
Beaufort Underwriting Agency Limited 318 137 137 91%
Beazley Furlonge Limited 623 293 248 9%
2623 1,333 1,131 100%
3622 17 14 100%
3623 195 172 100%
6050 15 12 0%
6107 36 31 28%
Brit Syndicates Limited 2987 1,412 1,308 100%
Canopius Managing Agents Limited 4444 1,064 827 83%
Capita Managing Agency Limited 1492 43 3 0%
193

5.6
How Lloyd’s Works
Managing Agents and Syndicates
Percentage of
2016 2015 member owned by
Managed GWP* GWP* MA group
Managing Agent syndicate(s) £m £m %
Cathedral Underwriting Limited 2010 191 197 58%
3010 41 47 100%
Catlin Underwriting Agencies Limited 2003 2,070 1,919 100%
2088 99 79 0%
3002 19 27 100%
6111 142 131 0%
6112 40 37 100%
6119 18 17 0%
6121 26 22 100%
Charles Taylor Managing Agency Limited 1884 76 33 3%
Chaucer Syndicates Limited 1084 781 839 100%
1176 28 27 57%
6130 7 0 0%
Endurance at Lloyd’s Limited 5151 236 175 100%
ERS Syndicate Management Limited 218 406 394 61%
Faraday Underwriting Limited 435 275 227 100%
Hamilton Underwriting Limited 3334 62 23 100%
Hardy (Underwriting Agencies) Limited 382 286 268 100%
HCC Underwriting Agency Ltd 4141 118 98 100%
Hiscox Syndicates Limited 33 1,057 847 73%
3624 533 400 100%
6104 30 33 0%
Liberty Syndicate Management Limited 4472 1,364 1,151 100%
Managing Agency Partners Limited 2791 171 149 20%
6103 5 5 9%
Markel Syndicate Management Limited 3000 486 429 100%
MS Amlin Underwriting Limited 2001 1,831 1,654 100%
3210 378 370 100%
Munich Re Underwriting Limited 457 356 436 100%
Navigators Underwriting Agency Limited 1221 340 272 100%
Neon Underwriting Limited 2468 160 210 70%
Newline Underwriting Management Limited 1218 100 96 100%
Novae Syndicates Limited 2007 901 789 100%
6129 40 0 0%
Pembroke Managing Agency Limited 2014 145 92 0%
4000 365 242 100%
6125 12 0 0%
ProSight Specialty Managing Agency Limited 1110 245 212 100%
QBE Underwriting Limited 386 328 335 70%
2999 1,073 991 100%
R&Q Managing Agency Limited 1991 103 59 30%
Renaissance Re Syndicate Management Limited 1458 335 244 100%
S.A. Meacock & Company Limited 727 60 68 16%
Sirius International Managing Agency Ltd 1945 115 83 100%
Starr Managing Agents Limited 1919 276 264 100%
StarStone Underwriting Management Limited 1301 209 170 89%
2008 130 68 100%
194

Percentage of
2016 2015 member owned by
Managed GWP* GWP* MA group
Managing agent syndicate(s) £m £m %
Talbot Underwriting Ltd 1183 719 667 100%
The Channel Managing Agency Ltd 2015 241 194 100%
Tokio Marine Kiln Syndicates Limited 308 32 28 50%
510 1,297 1,163 55%
557 17 17 0%
1880 230 184 100%
Travelers Syndicate Management Limited 5000 300 287 100%
Vibe Syndicate Management Limited 5678 54 17 100%
W R Berkley Syndicate Management Limited 1967 169 142 100%
All other syndicates, SPA and RITC adjustments (607) 73
Total 29,862 26,690
* See Glossary.
The following syndicates ceased trading at 31 December 2016:
AmTrust Syndicates Limited 779
ACE Underwriting Agencies Limited 1882
AmTrust at Lloyd’s Limited 2526
MS Amlin Underwriting Limited 3210
Catlin Underwriting Agencies Limited 6112
Catlin Underwriting Agencies Limited 6119
Catlin Underwriting Agencies Limited 6121
As at 29 March 2017 the following syndicates commenced trading for the 2017 year of account:
Asta Managing Agency Limited 2689
Brit Syndicates Limited 2988
Ark Syndicate Management Limited 3902
Asta Managing Agency Limited 5886
195

5.7
How Lloyd’s Works
Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)
The following metrics, which are consistently used to analyse financial performance in the Lloyd’s Market Results
and/or in the Society Report, are considered to be Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) as defined in the
European Securities and Markets Authority Guidelines (ESMA Guidelines) on Alternative Performance Measures.
Metric Applicable Definition Reason for use
part of the
Annual Report
Combined ratio Market Results Combined ratio is a measure of Combined ratio is used to measure
the profitability of an insurer’s the profitability of the underwriting
underwriting activity. It is the ratio activity across the Lloyd’s market.
of net operating expenses plus It also serves as a comparator of
claims incurred net of reinsurance Lloyd’s market underwriting
to earned premiums net of profitability to its peers.
reinsurance.
Underwriting Market Results Underwriting result is a measure of Underwriting result is used to
result the profitability of an insurer’s measure the profitability of the
underwriting activity. It is earned underwriting activity across the
premiums net of reinsurance less Lloyd’s market.
net operating expenses and claims
incurred net of reinsurance.
Accident year Market Results Accident year ratio is a measure of Accident year ratio is used to
ratio the profitability of the underwriting measure the profitability of the
activity attributable to the current underwriting activity of the Lloyd’s
financial year. It is the ratio of net market attributable to the current
operating expenses plus claims financial year.
incurred net of reinsurance and prior
year releases to earned premium
net of reinsurance.
Return on Market Results Return on capital is a measure of Return on capital ratio is used to
capital overall profitability. It is the ratio of measure the overall profitability
result for the year before tax to the and value-creating potential of the
average of opening and closing total Lloyd’s market.
capital and reserves.
196

Metric Applicable Definition Reason for use
part of the
Annual Report
Investment Market Results Investment return is a measure of Investment return ratio is used to
return and performance of an insurer’s measure the performance of the
Society Report investing activity. It is the ratio of portfolio of investments and cash
total investment return to the balances held across the Lloyd’s
average of opening and closing market.
financial investments and cash at
bank and in hand.
Budgeted Society Report Operating expenses are budgeted The annual Budget is a key part
operating on an annual basis as part of a of the financial control process
expenses Corporation-wide exercise. These within the Corporation and
are calculated on an IFRS basis provides an estimate of expected
using a bottom up approach, future cost levels.
consolidating figures across the
different countries and departments
within the Corporation.
Free cash Society Report Free cash represents the amounts, Provides a measure of the cash
balances both at bank and on deposit, held in resources available to the
the UK and overseas, excluding any Corporation to meet operating
balances held in respect of expenses.
insurance and arbitration activities.
Operating Society Report The operating surplus is calculated The operating surplus provides
surplus as income from members (including an indication of how the Society’s
subscriptions, central fund income covers its cost base.
contributions and the overseas This also provides a comparison
levy), less any operating expenses. of whether Central Fund
It excludes investment returns and contributions cover the cost
related costs. of claims arising on the fund.
197

5.8
How Lloyd’s Works
Glossary of terms
Set out below is a guide to insurance and Lloyd’s-related Combined ratio A measure of an insurer’s underwriting
terms. These are not precise definitions but are included to profitability based on the ratio of net incurred claims plus
provide assistance to readers as to the general meaning of net operating expenses to net earned premiums. A combined
terms commonly used in the Lloyd’s market. Formal definitions ratio of 100% is break even (before taking into account
are set out in the Definitions Byelaw. investment returns). A ratio less than 100% is an
underwriting profit.
Accident year ratio A measure of the profitability of the
underwriting activity attributable to the current financial year. Corporate member A company incorporated with limited
The accident year ratio is calculated as net operating liability, a Scottish limited partnership or a limited liability
expenses and net incurred losses (paid and reserves) for partnership, admitted to membership of the Society.
claims occurring in the year as a proportion of net premiums
Council Created by Lloyd’s Act 1982, the Council has
earned during the year. It excludes movements during the
the management and superintendence of the affairs of the
calendar year on claims, expenses and premium estimates
Society and the power to regulate and direct the business
for previous years.
of insurance at Lloyd’s.
Active underwriter A person employed by a managing agent
Coverholder A firm either in the UK or overseas that is
with principal authority to accept insurance and reinsurance
authorised by a managing agent under the terms of a
risks on behalf of the members of a syndicate.
binding authority to enter into contracts of insurance to
Binding authority An agreement between a Lloyd’s managing be underwritten by members of a syndicate managed by the
agent and a coverholder under which the Lloyd’s managing managing agent. A Lloyd’s broker may act as a coverholder.
agent delegates its authority to enter into a contract or
Economic Capital Assessment The level of capital required
contracts of insurance to be underwritten by the members
to meet Lloyd’s financial strength, license and rating
of a syndicate.
objectives.
Budgeted operating expenses Operating expenses are
Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) The FCA supervises
budgeted on an annual basis as part of a Corporation-wide
the conduct of the UK financial services industry. Lloyd’s,
exercise. These are calculated on an IFRS basis using a
managing agents, members’ agents and Lloyd’s brokers
bottom up approach, consolidating figures across the
are regulated by the FCA.
different countries and departments within the Corporation.
Franchise Board The board established by the Council with
Callable layer Central Fund assets may be supplemented by
responsibility for creating and maintaining a commercial
a ‘callable layer’ of up to 3% of members’ overall premium
environment at Lloyd’s in which the long-term return to all
limits in any one calendar year. These funds would be drawn
capital providers is maximised. This includes setting the
from premium trust funds.
Risk Management Framework and profitability targets for
Central assets The net assets of the Society including the the market.
Central Fund, but excluding the subordinated debt liability
Free cash balances Free cash represents the amounts,
and the callable layer.
both at bank and on deposit, held in the UK and overseas,
Central Fund The fund financed by (among other things) excluding any balances held in respect of insurance and
contributions from Lloyd’s members and administered by arbitration activities.
the Council primarily as a fund for the protection of
Funds at Lloyd’s (FAL) Capital lodged and held in trust
policyholders, and includes both the ‘Old’ Central Fund
at Lloyd’s as security for the policyholders and to support
and the New Central Fund.
a member’s overall underwriting business.
Central SCR The Lloyd’s Central Solvency Capital Ratio is
Integrated Lloyd’s Vehicle (ILV) An arrangement in which
calculated to cover all of the risks facing the Society and
a syndicate’s capital is wholly provided by corporate members
the Central Fund at a 99.5% confidence level over a one
that are under the same ownership and control as the
year time horizon.
syndicate’s managing agent.
198

Investment return Investment return is a measure of Prior years’ reserve movements This is calculated as
performance of an insurer’s investing activity. It is the ratio movements in reserves established for claims that occurred
of total investment return to the average financial investments in previous accident years.
and cash at bank and in hand.
Prudential Regulatory Authority (PRA) The PRA is
Managing agent An underwriting agent responsible for responsible for the prudential regulation and supervision of
managing a syndicate, or multiple syndicates. banks, building societies, credit unions, insurers and major
investment firms. Lloyd’s and managing agents are regulated
Market wide SCR The Market Wide Central Solvency Capital
by the PRA.
Ratio is calculated to cover all of the risks arising on the
syndicate activity, members’ capital provided at Lloyd’s and Realistic Disaster Scenarios (RDS) A series of scenarios,
the Society taken together at a 99.5% confidence level over both natural and man-made, which are used to assess the
a one year time horizon. market’s risk profile to a variety of different catastrophes
to enable better risk management practices within Lloyd’s.
Member (of the Society) A person admitted to the
membership of the Society. Reinsurance to close (RITC) A reinsurance agreement under
which members of a syndicate for a year of account to be
Name A member of the Society who is an individual and
closed are reinsured by members who comprise that or
who trades on an unlimited basis.
another syndicate for a later year of account against all
New Central Fund The New Central Fund constituted by and
liabilities arising out of insurance business written by the
governed by the New Central Fund Byelaw (No. 23 of 1996).
reinsured syndicate.
Non-technical account Under UK GAAP the profit and loss
Reinsurance to close (RITC) syndicate A syndicate set
account must be divided between the technical account
up solely to underwrite the Reinsurance to Close of other
and the non-technical account. Reported in the latter is all
syndicates.
investment return, although an element will be reanalysed
Return on capital Return on capital is a measure of overall
to the technical account, and any income and expenses that
profitability. It is the ratio of result for the year before tax to
do not arise directly from the entity’s underwriting activity.
the average of opening and closing total capital and reserves.
Operating surplus The operating surplus is calculated as
Service company An approved coverholder which Lloyd’s
income from members (including subscriptions, central fund
has agreed can be classified as a ‘service company’ by reason
contributions and the overseas levy), less any operating
of it being a wholly owned subsidiary of either a managing
expenses. It excludes investment returns and related costs.
agent or of a managing agent’s holding company and which
Premiums trust funds (PTF) The premiums and other monies
is normally only authorised to enter into contracts of
that members receive in respect of their underwriting at
insurance for members of its associated syndicate and/or
Lloyd’s are held by their managing agents in trust for them
associated insurance companies.
subject to the discharge of their underwriting liabilities.
Solvency ratio The measure of an insurer’s solvency based
The premiums trust funds comprise a sterling fund, Lloyd’s
on the ratio by which the net assets for solvency purposes
American Trust Fund, Lloyd’s Dollar Trust Funds, Lloyd’s
exceed the solvency requirement.
Canadian Trust Fund and the Lloyd’s Asia trust funds
Special Purpose Arrangement (SPA) A syndicate set up
(which cover general business written through coverholders
solely to underwrite a quota share reinsurance of another
in Singapore). These premiums trust funds are available to
syndicate’s business for a year of account.
fund overseas regulatory deposits, claims, return premiums,
underwriting expenses and any profit that is payable to the Spread syndicate A syndicate whose capital is provided
member after providing for all future liabilities. by a number of different members, including those that
have separate ownership and control, to the syndicate’s
managing agent.
199

5.8
How Lloyd’s Works
Glossary of terms
Spread vehicle A corporate member underwriting
on a number of different syndicates.
Syndicate A member, or group of members, underwriting
insurance business at Lloyd’s through the agency
of a managing agent.
Syndicate allocated capacity In relation to a syndicate
the aggregate of the member’s syndicated premium limits
of all the members for the time being of the syndicate.
Technical account Under UK GAAP the profit and loss
account must be divided between the technical account
and the non-technical account. The technical account
reports the results of the underwriting activity, premiums
less claims, less expenses and also includes an element
of the investment return reanalysed from the non-technical
account.
Traditional syndicate A syndicate whose members underwrite
insurance business at Lloyd’s for the current year of account
and which is neither an SPA syndicate nor an RITC syndicate.
Underwriting result Underwriting result is a measure of the
profitability of an insurer’s underwriting activity. It is earned
premiums net of reinsurance less net operating expenses
and claims incurred net of reinsurance.
Year of account The year to which a risk is allocated and
to which all premiums and claims in respect of that risk are
attributed. The year of account of a risk is usually determined
by the calendar year in which the risk incepts. A year of
account is normally closed by reinsurance to close at the
end of 36 months.
200