# Source: https://assets.lloyds.com/media/56a6076a-d43c-4e48-b314-53f80025647e/lloyds_annual_report_2019_-_strategic_report.b5815ef96250.pdf
# Extracted: 2025-12-09T20:24:22.887207
# PDF: market_commentary_data\pdfs\lloyds_official\lloyds_annual_report_2019.pdf
# Length: 57638 characters
#======================================================================

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
In 2019 we set a new strategic direction
for the Lloyd’s market, the Future at
Lloyd’s, to build the most advanced
insurance marketplace in the world and
provide more value to our customers.
Strategic
Report
Contents
10 Lloyd’s – an overview
12 External Environment
13 Lloyd’s Key Risks and Risk Appetite
15 Priorities in 2019
Future at Lloyd’s
Creating our future culture
Managing Market Performance
17 Responsible Business
19 Key Performance Indicators
21 Council Statement
08 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2019 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2019 09

Lloyd’s – an overview
Who we are The Lloyd’s market is supported by the Society through its remit of
performance management oversight and regulation, maintaining the
Lloyd’s is the world’s leading insurance and reinsurance
licence network, promoting the brand globally, and providing
marketplace. Throughout our 332-year history, the Lloyd’s market
common infrastructure and shared services.
has innovated pioneering coverage for different risks, responding to
the needs of its customers. From the first motor and satellite
Our purpose
policies to today’s cover for cyber and sharing economy risks, the
Lloyd’s market has always provided, and continues to provide, the Lloyd’s strategy is underpinned by our purpose: Sharing risk to
confidence to help our customers thrive in a changing world. create a braver world. The purpose speaks to the impact and
aspiration of the market and is as true today as it was when Edward
Lloyd’s business model Lloyd started what became Lloyd’s in a coffee shop in 1688.
With our trading rights and distribution network of international
How we deliver on our purpose
hubs, brokers, coverholders and service companies, the market
Lloyd’s began with a few courageous entrepreneurs in a coffee
underwrites risks from around the world through Lloyd’s syndicates.
shop. Three centuries later, we are continuing that proud tradition,
Members (capital providers) put up their capital and share in the
sharing risk in order to protect, build resilience and inspire courage
risks and rewards of the syndicates they support.
everywhere.
A Lloyd’s syndicate is formed by one or more members joining
Today, Lloyd’s offers customers a unique value proposition. We
together to provide capital and accept insurance risks. Most
provide insurance and reinsurance in more than 200 countries and
syndicates write a range of business lines across multiple areas of
territories worldwide through our global licence network. Customers
expertise. Each syndicate sets its own appetite for risk, develops a
have access to unrivalled broking and underwriting expertise with a
business plan, arranges its reinsurance protection and manages its
reputation for solving difficult risk transfer problems in one
exposures and claims.
marketplace. The market is built on trusted relationships and mutual
respect to best serve our customers.
A managing agent is a company set up to run one or more
syndicates on behalf of the members. They have responsibility for
Lloyd’s insight, experience and judgment continue to inform
employing underwriters, overseeing their underwriting and
decision-making across the industry. The market provides the
managing the infrastructure and day to day operations.
leadership and insight to anticipate and understand risk, and the
knowledge to develop relevant, new and innovative forms of
Lloyd’s is a brokered market in which strong business relationships,
insurance for customers globally.
backed by deep risk expertise, play a crucial part. Brokers facilitate
the risk transfer process between customers and underwriters.
We pay billions of pounds in claims each year, which gives
Much of this business involves face to face negotiation, supported
customers confidence to place their business with us. All of this is
by electronic placement.
supported by a flow of capital providers and large, multiplatform
insurance carriers, that are attracted by specialist risk capabilities
Syndicates can also authorise third parties, known as coverholders
and opportunities in the Lloyd’s market.
to underwrite business on their behalf locally around the world.
Service companies are wholly owned by a managing agent or a
As a marketplace, Lloyd’s provides consistent standards and shared
related group company and are authorised to write insurance for
services that improve performance and unlock new opportunities.
members of the associated syndicate.
Business flow The market Capital flow
Customers – Distribution 54 managing agents – managing syndicates Members
transferring risk channels (capital providers)
80 syndicates – writing insurance and
— Global commercial — 335 brokers:
reinsurance directly
— Trade capital:
organisations, such distributing business insurance companies
as FTSE 250 and — 366 service company 13 special purpose arrangements – set up solely to from around the world
Fortune 500 locations write a quota share of another syndicate — Institutional capital:
companies — 3,950 coverholder Gross written premiums: Capital and reserves: such as pension funds
— Small and medium- locations: offering and private equity
sized enterprises local access to 2019 £35.9bn 2019 £30.6bn — Private capital (via
— Individuals Lloyd’s 2018 £35.5bn 2018 £28.2bn members’ agents):
— Other insurance 2017 £33.6bn 2017 £27.6bn such as small
groups companies and
individuals
The Society – supporting the market
For further information on the Lloyd’s market visit: lloyds.com/about-lloyds
Note: All figures are as at 31 December 2019. Capital and reserves of £30.6bn comprised members’ assets held severally of £27.3bn, mutual assets of £2.5bn and subordinated
debt of £0.8bn.
10 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2019

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Lloyd’s has a globally recognisable brand and is proud of its Our priorities in 2019
reputation for paying all valid claims in a timely and efficient
Lloyd’s strategy has concentrated on meeting the most pressing
manner. The society is committed to being an inclusive global
challenges facing Lloyd’s to ensure the long term profitability of the
market that treats its people and customers with dignity and
market. These were:
respect while promoting an entrepreneurial and innovative culture.
How we benefit our stakeholders
— Performance: continuing our work to deliver first-class
underwriting;
Lloyd’s strategy is to maintain and enhance the value it offers
to its many stakeholders:
— Strategy: we developed the Future at Lloyd’s strategy to build the
world’s most advanced insurance marketplace and deliver the
widest range of products and services to our customers; and
— Customers, ensuring we provide them with the products and
services they need, and being there when claims arise; — Culture: we continue to build a diverse and inclusive culture in the
Society and the market in which everyone feels safe, valued and
— Distributors, offering the capacity to place specialist risks on
respected, and that reflects our global customer base.
behalf of their clients;
Further details on these priorities can be found on pages 15 and 16 .
— Managing agents, providing access to insurance risk from
around the world; and
Good progress was made in each of these areas in 2019, but more
— Capital providers, giving the opportunity to invest in different
work is necessary. This is why they continue to be our main focus in
types of insurance risk.
2020.
How we benefit society
Non-financial information statement
Lloyd’s is part of the broader London insurance market, writing
more than half of its total premium. The London insurance market The Society aims to comply with the requirements contained in
employs approximately 50,000 people and represents about a sections 414CA and 414CB of the Companies Act 2006 and
quarter of the City of London’s gross domestic product. related guidance on the Strategic Report issued by The Financial
Reporting Council Limited.
Lloyd’s also wants to be known as a responsible business leader,
operating in a way that makes those who work in the Lloyd’s market Reporting requirement Page reference to our approach
feel proud of their contribution. Our approach underpins our goals Business model 10
to support global economic growth, and help nations, businesses
Key risks 13-14
and communities improve resilience to, and recover faster from,
Environmental and 17-18
disasters.
social matters
Lloyd’s also plays its part globally in supporting the communities Anti-corruption and 17
in which it operates and in taking a lead on wider social and anti-bribery matters
environmental issues. Lloyd’s is a founding member of the Human rights 18
ClimateWise initiative, a collaborative endeavour by insurers
Employees 18
to drive action on climate change. In 2020 we will be reporting
Non-financial KPIs 20
against the United Nations Global Compact and sustainability
development goals for the first time allowing us to align our vision,
culture and operations with the world’s largest corporate
responsible business initiative.
Our capital structure
Lloyd’s chain of security
Lloyd’s capital structure, often referred to as the chain of
security, gives excellent financial security to policyholders and Several assets
capital efficiency for members. Our capital structure provides First Link Syndicate level assets
the financial strength that backs all insurance policies written £52,849m
at Lloyd’s and the common security that underpins the Second Link Members’ funds at
market’s strong ratings and global licence network. Lloyd’s £27,595m
Mutual assets
Lloyd’s central assets, which include the Central Fund, are
Third Link Central Fund Callable layer
available, at the discretion of the Council, to meet any
£2,483m £977m
policyholder’s valid claim that cannot be met from the
resources of any member. The chain of security is designed to
Corporation
ensure the Lloyd’s market remains well capitalised even after £118m
losses caused by extreme events.
Subordinated
Lloyd’s ratings as at 31 December 2019 debt/securities
A+ Standard & Poor’s: A+ (Strong) £794m
AA- Fitch Ratings: AA- (Very Strong)
A A.M. Best: A (Excellent)
For further information visit: lloyds.com/investor-relations
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2019 11

External Environment
The insurance sector as a whole is facing the same set of Large corporations are increasingly retaining risk on their own
opportunities and challenges. balance sheets because it is more efficient. And often when
corporations do want to transfer risk, they cannot always do so.
Today, customers’ insurance needs are changing faster than ever. Uncertainty around risk exposure and aggregation, pricing and risk
They face new threats to new types of tangible and intangible appetite impact the coverage that insurers are willing to offer.
assets in new geographies. Customers tell us we need to develop
new products and services that can keep pace with their needs and An influx of capital
protect their businesses.
In recent years new capital has become increasingly attracted to
the insurance market, drawn by the relatively high, uncorrelated
This changing demand is set against the backdrop of the march of
returns in a low interest rate environment. Third-party (alternative)
technology and data analytics that are disrupting traditional
capital makes up about 15% of reinsurance capital.
insurance business models.
New capital has increased price competition over the past few
This is an opportunity for our industry, but one we will only grasp
years, which is good news for our customers, and a great
if we develop new business models, embrace new technology
opportunity for insurers to better serve their customers and offer
and foster innovation to give customers the products and services
more coverage. As a capital-dependent industry, insurers must
they need.
make it easier for new forms of capital to attach to risk, thereby
offering customers better value.
The insurance gap
Despite the increasing threat of new risks such as cyber attacks, Talent
and traditional perils such as windstorms, insurance buying is not
The demographics in our industry have been changing and we are
keeping pace. Less than half of the world’s exposure to natural
facing a talent shortage. The average age of the insurance
disasters in 2019 was covered by insurance. In 2017, Lloyd’s
workforce in 2019 was 39, an increase of 2.5 years on 2015, while
estimated total economic losses from a mass cyber attack would
the proportion under 30 has fallen to 13%. Firms must begin
cost more than US$50bn, yet the value insured was less than one-
recruiting and developing the next generation of individuals, who will
fifth of that.
become the leaders and experts of the future. Unfortunately,
research has shown that only 4% of younger job seekers have a
Across the industry, we see a similar story. We estimate that over
desire to work in the insurance industry.
the past decade, commercial insurance penetration as a
percentage of global GDP has hardly changed, going from 1% in
The industry will struggle to recruit top talent unless we can define
2008 to 0.9% in 2019. Intangible assets account for an increasing
and communicate more appealing employee value propositions to
proportion of an organisation’s value and are vulnerable to new
candidates and create an inclusive culture in which everyone is
risks such as cyber attack and reputation damage, which require
respected and valued.
fundamentally different insurance products.
Responding to the challenges
The fast-changing risk landscape makes it difficult for businesses
to track and make decisions about their risk exposures. Even when The issue is clear: either carry on with business as usual and risk
they are aware of their exposure, customers cannot always find the becoming less relevant, as customers see decreasing value in what
insurance products and services they need: one 2019 annual risk insurance offers, or change and realise the multiple opportunities
survey shows that of the top 20 risks identified by risk managers afforded by the new risk landscape. Building greater trust with
only two are considered fully insurable. customers, supercharging innovation to deliver products and
services more closely aligned to their needs and reducing policy
Closing this insurance gap means protecting our customers costs will go a long way towards achieving this ambition.
better from these threats. The challenge our sector faces is that
although people need more cover, they are not buying it. Insurance The Lloyd’s market is exposed to the same challenges as the rest of
has always followed risk but as threats emerge faster, insurance the insurance and reinsurance industry. As a marketplace of
must react more quickly to ensure customers get the protection competing businesses which in partnership are focused on
they need. providing an outstanding service for our customers, we are uniquely
placed to seize the opportunity to make a powerful collective
An expensive industry response through our Future at Lloyd’s strategy.
Our industry needs to get closer to end customers and reduce
costs across the distribution chain in areas where it is not adding
value. Acquisition and administration costs are high and are
reducing more slowly than those in other sectors.
While many complex products are inherently costly to transact, the
sector has not stripped out other costs by modernising systems and
processes quickly enough. Acquisition costs can also be high even
for more commoditised products. Slow modernisation of internal
systems and legacy IT infrastructure mean administration costs
remain high.
12 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2019

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Lloyd’s Key Risks and Risk Appetite
The Society identifies and assesses key risks which could have a significant impact on the Lloyd’s business. The Board manages exposure
to these risks by setting and monitoring a risk appetite framework. The framework starts with Lloyd’s purpose, Sharing risk to create a
braver world.
To deliver on this purpose, the Society sets three risk objectives to be continuously met:
— Sustainability: Lloyd’s strategy must deliver a sustainable business model over the medium term;
— Solvency: Management of financial risks ensures that Lloyd’s is able to withstand an extreme event and trade forward; and
— Operational: The risk of operational and other events is managed to ensure Lloyd’s maintains its strong reputation.
These risk objectives reflect the Board’s view of the acceptable risk faced by Lloyd’s and provide the three pillars of the risk appetite
framework. Within each pillar, a number of metrics define the amount of risk that the Society is willing to take. These metrics represent the
key elements that could result in the risk objectives not being achieved for that pillar. The metrics are monitored on an ongoing basis and
reported to the Board each quarter alongside any “get to green” actions if a threshold has been breached.
Lloyd’s Lloyd’s purpose is sharing risk to create a braver world.
purpose:
The Society acts to create and maintain a competitive, innovative and secure market.
Pillar: Sustainability Pillar: Solvency Pillar: Operational
Underwriting profitability; Investment; Liquidity; Capital Regulatory, legal and tax
Reserving; Catastrophe exposure; compliance; Operational
Reinsurance; Syndicate capability; effectiveness; Financial crime and
Attractiveness of the Lloyd’s sanctions; Cyber resilience and
market data loss protection; Conduct
Risk appetite Risk objective: Lloyd’s strategy Risk objective: Management Risk objective: Risk of operational
statements: must deliver a sustainable business of financial risks ensures that and other events is managed
model over the medium term Lloyd’s is not exposed to undue to ensure Lloyd’s maintains its
concentration and is able to strong reputation
withstand an extreme event
and trade forward
COVID-19
The COVID-19 pandemic is a post-balance sheet event causing global economic uncertainty and social restrictions which are directly
impacting the Lloyd’s market. Until further notice, the majority of the Society’s employees are working remotely, the Underwriting Room has
been closed and the emergency trading protocols have been successfully implemented. This is having a direct impact on risks within all
three pillars of the Society’s risk objectives.
All the impacts on the Lloyd’s risk profile from the pandemic are being regularly monitored, which includes an assessment of whether the
controls currently in place are adequate to mitigate the evolving risks. Controls in place to manage the increased risk include:
— Lloyd’s has set up a dedicated contact point to provide our policyholders with assistance and to help them find the right person to
process a claim;
— Daily Catastrophe Group and Executive Committee meetings held to consider development of the global pandemic and implement
business continuity actions in line with government advice;
— Emergency trading protocols have been invoked in conjunction with the wider market including the closure of the Underwriting Room and
with Society personnel working remotely;
— Ongoing monitoring of the impact on Lloyd’s assets and liabilities, claims, and solvency position with planned management actions in
place to respond; and
— Regular engagement with the market and regulators via several forums.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2019 13

Lloyd’s Key Risks and Risk Appetite
continued
Other key risks under management are:
Key risk and impact on Lloyd’s Mitigation
Market performance — Action to address the underlying market profitability following years of below average
Risk that Lloyd’s businesses suffer underwriting profitability.
losses or erode their capital base
— Close monitoring and challenge of syndicates’ performance against approved business plans.
due to a failure to respond to
changing market conditions.
— Ensuring syndicates writing newer lines of business, such as cyber, can demonstrate they have
the skills and expertise to do so.
— Continue to closely monitor and respond to the market risk appetite measures.
Executing the Future at Lloyd’s — Publication of the Blueprint One: Update in February 2020, following an intensive period of
strategy consultation, design, and planning, setting out the Future at Lloyd’s key priorities and foundational
Risk that Lloyd’s sees its long-term activities.
attractiveness suffer by failing to
— Strong central governance to manage delivery risks associated with the Future at Lloyd’s,
respond to emerging issues such as
including the Technology and Transformation Committee, overseen by Lloyd’s Board and Council.
the rising cost of distribution and
rapidly evolving technologies such as
— A robust risk and assurance framework in place, including the role of an independent Quality
AI and robotics. Assurance partner.
Creating a more inclusive culture — Lloyd’s first market-wide culture survey conducted. Activity underway to deliver the resultant
Risk of failure to deliver a culture of action plan that will address the four key themes which emerged from the survey: gender balance;
integrity, respect and inclusion, speaking up; wellbeing; and leadership.
across the Lloyd’s market.
— Independent Culture Advisory Group established consisting of market participants and leading
culture transformation experts to deliver long-term culture change in the Lloyd’s market by
ensuring that we are taking the right actions to effect sustainable and measurable progress.
There are other current and emerging risks considered to be heightened for 2020, including:
— Cyber risk: Enhancements made to the control environment to mitigate the risk of loss as a result of a direct malicious electronic attack
or through exposure to aggregations of risk via the policies written by Lloyd’s businesses.
— Operational resilience: Response to regulatory consultation and project established to validate Lloyd’s operational resilience framework
and identify areas requiring improvement. The Society’s oversight of the third parties who provide services to the market is an area of
focus.
— Brexit: While the impact of Brexit has been significantly mitigated by the establishment of the Lloyd’s Brussels insurance company, there
continue to be a number of projects underway to minimise the impact of Brexit on Lloyd’s customers, including the programme to deliver
the Part VII transfer.
— Interest rate environment: The low levels of interest rates will reduce the forward-looking expected returns on assets invested across the
Chain of Security, potentially reducing the return available to capital providers. The Society’s oversight of investment strategies across
the market will be an area of focus.
— Climate change: Alongside other environmental, social and governance topics, assessing the impact of climate change on the Society
and the market is a focus for 2020, with specific risk appetite metrics and stress tests in development.
14 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2019

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Priorities in 2019
The Future at Lloyd’s Transition
After the publication of Blueprint One, we spent six months
2019 was an exciting time as we began our journey to create a new
preparing for the first delivery phase of the Future at Lloyd’s.
vision for Lloyd’s: to be the most customer-obsessed and
Achievements during the transition period included setting up the
advanced insurance marketplace, with the widest range of
Future at Lloyd’s governance structure, putting in place the
products and services.
resources to deliver the various workstreams and securing the
finance for the strategy.
Stakeholder consultation
On 1 May we published our prospectus on the Future at Lloyd’s. Into 2020 – Phase 1 delivery
This marked the beginning of a formal consultation exercise on our
This year the hard work of building the Future at Lloyd’s solutions
ambitions for the Lloyd’s market. These are to:
begins. In our Blueprint One: Update, launched online in February
2020, we have set ourselves clear delivery goals. We will measure
— Offer even better solutions for our customers’ risks;
our success against our progress towards these goals and adapt
— Simplify the process of accessing products and services at our plans as necessary along the way.
Lloyd’s;
— Reduce the cost of doing business; and Changing the way the Lloyd’s market operates is a challenging
undertaking. The Future at Lloyd’s is an ambitious strategy that will
— Build an inclusive and innovative culture that attracts leading
make us more efficient, more diverse and more valuable to our
talent to Lloyd’s.
customers, so we can continue to fulfil our purpose: Sharing risk to
create a braver world.
During the consultation process we received thousands of
responses. We received feedback from our online survey, and we
Creating our future culture
held more than 300 interviews and other events, which helped us
identify six transformative solutions to achieve our vision. Lloyd’s is committed to creating an inclusive marketplace that
attracts the most talented people in the world, within and beyond
Blueprint One the insurance industry. To achieve this, in 2019 we set out a
Feedback received from the consultation shaped the contents of comprehensive programme of actions to drive long-term culture
our first blueprint which we published on 30 September 2019. This change in the Lloyd’s market.
set out:
In March 2019, we announced an action plan developed in
— Our strategic intent, describing how the Lloyd’s market of the collaboration with the managing agent and broker associations,
future will look; LMA and LIIBA, in response to reports of inappropriate behaviour in
our marketplace. This initial five-point action plan included a wide-
— Our current thinking on the six solutions, and the foundations
ranging set of actions aimed at ensuring a safe and inclusive
needed to support them, informed by our consultation; and
working environment in the marketplace. The actions included:
— Details of the delivery plans for each solution.
— Provision of an independent bullying and harassment support line
The six solutions are:
set up to provide confidential advice and support for those
experiencing inappropriate behaviour at work, helping them
— Complex risk platform: a digital, end to end platform that
decide on their next steps;
complements face to face negotiation to submit, quote, bind,
issue, endorse and renew complex risks for insurance and
— Strengthening Lloyd’s sanctions for any individuals found to have
behaved inappropriately, including fixed period and life bans;
reinsurance business;
— Lloyd’s risk exchange: a Lloyd’s digital exchange that connects to
— A comprehensive review of policies and practices across the
Lloyd’s market, with a view to identifying and sharing best
existing systems or provides a new user interface and enables
practice;
instant search, quote, bind and issue for less complex risks,
improving the speed of placement and customer experience; — Provision of training focused on prevention, as well as reporting
and supporting those who have been subjected to inappropriate
— Claims solution: a digital solution that triages and routes claims,
behaviour; and
automates decision-making for the simplest claims, and assists
complex claim handling, underpinned by a new claims — Commissioning the Banking Standards Board (BSB) to conduct
orchestration platform, that together deliver an improved an independent, market-wide annual culture survey to help
customer experience; understand the working cultures that exist across the Lloyd’s
market, including standards of behaviour and conduct, and to
— Capital solution: a new end to end journey for investing at Lloyd’s
inform further action.
with simpler, nimbler rules and processes and new structured
investment opportunities, supported by a new capital platform,
The BSB survey took place in May 2019 and was the largest culture
improving the experience of existing members and attracting new
survey ever conducted in the insurance sector. The findings of that
alternative capital providers;
survey painted a more complex picture of the culture challenges
— Syndicate in a box: a new way to bring innovative new syndicates
that exist in the Lloyd’s market, informing a targeted set of
into the Lloyd’s market and give them the best chance of
signature actions to address the key themes that emerged and
success; and
further accelerate culture change across the marketplace. The
— Services hub: the services hub is at the centre of Lloyd’s future measures include:
value proposition, building on existing capabilities and providing
new, innovative services that offer value to market participants,
customers and competitive advantage for Lloyd’s.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2019 15

Priorities in 2019
continued
— Setting up an independent Culture Advisory Group comprised of Developments in 2019
leading experts with experience of successful cultural Through the 2018 and 2019 business planning cycles, the Society’s
transformation, to provide expert advice and robust challenge to priority was the need to address underwriting performance across
help ensure that Lloyd’s is taking the right actions to effect the market. Performance improvement plans were requested from
sustainable and measurable change; all managing agents that had to demonstrate a logical, realistic
— A Gender Balance Plan: setting clear and measurable targets for route to sustainable profit. Plans were required for specific lines of
improving the representation of women at senior levels within the business and, in some cases, whole syndicates. In addition, all
Lloyd’s market; syndicates had to Identify their poorest performing portfolios of
business, known as Decile 10, and demonstrate plans to return the
— Setting Standards of Business Conduct: requiring every person
portfolio to profit.
and every organisation operating in the Lloyd’s market to act with
integrity, be respectful and always speak up;
Further developments were made for the 2020 planning cycle,
— Introducing a Culture Dashboard: to closely monitor progress in including the refinement of the process itself. The high level plan
the Lloyd’s market against key indicators of a healthy culture; submission was removed in favour of strategic business discussions
— Launching a campaign to encourage more people to speak up with managing agents, and a phased approach to plans was
against unacceptable behaviour; and adopted, resulting in a slicker process. This also had the benefit of
reducing the length of the planning season by two months.
— An enhanced focus on wellbeing with a market-wide campaign in
2020 to raise awareness of personal resilience and mental
health, with an expanded programme of workshops, events and The Society piloted its Light Touch oversight approach for the best
resources. performing syndicates.
We will continue to build on these actions throughout 2020, The 2020 planning objective continued our focus on delivering
including running the second market-wide culture survey to inform sustainable profit, by improving or removing the poorest performing
and guide our actions, to ensure we continue to drive long-lasting lines of business (Decile 10) while encouraging growth in the most
cultural transformation. profitable lines (Deciles 1 and 2).
In tandem, we are also focused on building an increasingly diverse Although the action taken over the last three planning cycles is
range of skills and experiences to develop customer-centric delivering performance improvements, there is still more to do and
solutions as we build the Future at Lloyd’s. This includes a strategic we continue to maintain our focus of delivering sustainable,
workforce plan to support the people and capability requirements profitable growth across the market. The Society and the market
across the priorities and solutions set out in Blueprint One, together will continue to build on the successes through 2020 as we strive to
with implementing new ways of working including a mix of agile and achieve world class underwriting performance at Lloyd’s for the
traditional approaches. benefit of our customers.
Managing market performance
Market oversight remains a strategic priority for the Society. In 2019
we focused on our journey to return the market to a position of
sustainable, profitable performance including consideration of
Lloyd’s solvency; operational risk; and our brand and reputation. The
Society adopts a risk-based approach to managing the market,
which means our oversight is balanced and is proportionate to risks
faced.
The Society aims to minimise any duplication of work undertaken by
the Prudential Regulation Authority and the Financial Conduct
Authority, and for the regulators to take comfort from the oversight
undertaken at Lloyd’s. The Society also considers managing agents’
own group oversight activities, with a view to ensuring the right risks
are receiving attention from the right people.
Strong oversight is about establishing a framework that enhances
the ability of syndicates to do business, while ensuring good
customer outcomes. We continue to evolve our risk-based
approach, focusing efforts on matters of greatest concern and
where our intervention can really make a difference.
By adopting this approach, the Society recognises the diversity and
complexity of the many different practitioners in the Lloyd’s market.
Our account management structure also ensures that engagement
with managing agents is structured, cohesive and commercially
effective.
16 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2019

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Responsible Business
The Society plays its part globally in supporting the communities in Financial crime
which it operates and in taking a lead on wider social and
The Society is committed to ensuring the market it oversees, any
environmental issues. We want to be known as a responsible
associated parties, and the Society itself have robust systems,
business leader, operating in a way that makes those who work for
policies and controls in place to minimise the risk of any acts of
us feel proud of their contribution to what we do and how we do it.
financial crime. The Financial Crime policy ensures that
In 2018 Lloyd’s signed up to the United Nations Global Compact, the
the Society, including all jurisdictions in which it operates,
world’s largest corporate sustainability initiative.
is aware of the “6 Pillars” of financial crime risk, namely money
laundering/terrorist financing, sanctions, bribery and corruption, tax
Community
evasion facilitation, fraud and market abuse/insider dealing.
The Society not only has its own responsible business initiatives but
also manages three independent charities and a community Through its oversight of the market, the Society lays down financial
volunteer programme supported by the Lloyd’s market in London. crime-related minimum standards, which it expects the market to
All three charities have their own trustees made up implement accordingly. The Society also supports the market in its
from professionals across the Lloyd’s market and academia: compliance with financial crime prevention requirements and tests
Lloyd’s Charities Trust, Lloyd’s Patriotic Fund and the effectiveness of both the Society and the market’s management
Lloyd’s Tercentenary Research Foundation. of financial crime risks.
In 2019 through the Society and our charities we donated nearly Whistleblowing
£1m supporting 184 organisations. We launched strategic long-term
The Society continues to strengthen the whistleblowing
charity partnerships and completed our partnerships with RedR,
arrangements it uses, through the development of procedures to
Build Change and Wizz-Kidz. For example, since 2012 Lloyd’s
ensure that employees are suitably equipped to handle reported
Charities Trust has supported RedR UK, which specialises in
concerns and through increasing the range of communication
building the capacity of individuals and organisations working in
methods available to make disclosures. These methods include a
humanitarian response. Through our partnership, we have been able
web-based reporting system and a reporting app which may be
to impact 3,383 aid workers responding to humanitarian crises,
used on a smart phone or tablet. More than 1,000 employees
increasing their professionalism and effectiveness in their life saving
completed whistleblowing training during the year with others
roles. In addition, 3,000 volunteers from across the market gave
completing more specialised training.
their time to support people in our local communities through
Lloyd’s Community Programme.
The Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) published a Voluntary
Environment Notice of Requirements relating to the Society’s whistleblowing
systems and controls on 23 December 2019. This Notice related to
The Society recognises that Its global operations have an shortfalls in the Society’s whistleblowing systems and controls
environmental impact and we are committed to monitoring and resulting in a failure, communicated to the PRA on 15 February 2019,
reducing our emissions year on year. In 2019, we have continued to to provide an anonymous whistleblowing channel for Society
reduce our emissions on a total global basis from 9,732 tCO2e in employees between 1 October 2017 and 25 February 2019. It is
2018 to 8,363 tCO2e in 2019 – a reduction of 14%. We have reduced noted that other whistleblowing avenues were available for Society
our total global emissions per full time employee (FTE) by 23% from employees over this period. Set out in this notice, the PRA requires
9.4 tCO2e/FTE in 2018 to 7.3 tCO2e/FTE in 2019. the Whistleblowers’ Champion to attest to the soundness of the
systems and controls on an annual basis for each of the calendar
Given the majority (91%) of our emissions are from the UK, our years 2020, 2021 and 2022.
energy and carbon reduction activities are focused on our London
headquarters. We have: replaced heat pumps and variable speed Three concerns were reported to the Society during 2019. These
drives in the air handling units in our building conditioning systems; included concerns about data usage and employee conduct. The
commissioned LED lighting replacements as part of our Better investigations undertaken resulted in further actions being agreed
Working Environment project; installed eco-friendly urinals and taken to strengthen the Society’s procedures.
producing water savings of over 50% since installation; and
switched our petrol car for hybrid in our post room operations.
Lloyd’s energy and carbon disclosures 2019
Grand total Carbon
Total scope 1 + scope 1, 2, 3 intensity Total energy
Total Total 2 (location Total (location location based usage
scope 1 scope 2 based) scope 3 based) (tCO2e/FTE) (kWh)
2019 (tCO2e) UK emissions 1,312 4,578 5,890 1,739 7,629 8.4 26,248,211
Global emissions (ex. UK) – 642 642 92 734 3.0 1,511,863
2018 (tCO2e) UK emissions 1,702 5,253 6,955 1,886 8,841 11.0 28,339,592
Global emissions (ex. UK) 17 768 785 106 891 3.9 1,933,550
We are aware of the reporting obligations under The Companies (Directors’ Report) and Limited Liability Partnerships (Energy and Carbon Report) Regulations 2018. As such, this year we
have upgraded our energy and carbon reporting to meet these new requirements and increase the transparency with which we communicate about our environmental impact to our
stakeholders. We report on all material global emissions in scope 1 and 2, plus selected scope 3 emissions, using an operational control approach. The methodology used to compile our
(Greenhouse Gas) GHG emissions inventory is in accordance with the requirements of the following standards: the WRI GHG Protocol Corporate Standard (revised version) and Defra’s
Environmental Reporting Guidelines: including Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting requirements (March 2019). 2019 performance refers to reported location-based totals, which
are the summation of the UK emissions and Global emissions (ex UK) displayed. Scope 1 emissions includes natural gas, company cars, other fuels, refrigerants; Scope 2 includes
electricity; Scope 3 includes employee cars, flights, public transport, commute, paper, waste, water, data centres, and transmission and distribution. Energy reporting includes kWh from
scope 1, scope 2 and scope 3 employee cars only.
A more detailed statement on Lloyd’s GHG emissions is available at: lloyds.com/ghgemissions
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2019 17

Responsible Business
continued
Responsible procurement like for them. Further enhancements will include additional rights to
The Society’s procurement mission is to deliver an effective and bereavement leave and entitlement as per changes to statutory law.
sustainable approach to all third-party sourcing and supplier
Our Diversity and Inclusion policy is designed to ensure that all
management, while achieving maximum value, minimising risk and
employees understand the importance of equality and diversity. A
driving efficiencies to invest in the future.
Reasonable Adjustment policy sets out the general principles and
We are committed to the highest professional standards and ethics, procedures for all employees to follow and discuss reasonable
and we expect the same high standards from the suppliers and any adjustments, so that employees with disabilities are not
third-party sub-contractors that we work with. Our aim is to work disadvantaged compared with people who are not disabled.
collaboratively with our supply chain partners towards a responsible
Living Wage employer
business approach. As part of our tender vetting process, suppliers
are asked questions to assess their position on human rights, As part of our commitment to being a responsible business, the
environmental and social issues. Suppliers are also asked to sign up Society is part of the Living Wage campaign. Our commitment to
to Lloyd’s Supplier Code of Conduct. the initiative means that all Society employees, including those
working for our sub-contractors, are guaranteed a fair wage that
Responsible investment strategy accurately reflects the cost of living.
The Society’s investment philosophy focuses on generating long
Diversity and inclusion
term, sustainable capital growth for Central Fund assets. The
approach to responsible investment is built upon three core pillars: To embrace diversity in gender, gender identity, race, ethnicity,
sexual orientation, age, ability or disability, background and religion,
— Protecting the Central Fund assets by considering environmental, the Society and the market work in partnership through the
social and governance risks; Inclusion@Lloyd’s steering group and other diversity and inclusion
— Promoting responsible business practices in companies through networks. In 2019 two market guides were launched to support
activities such as corporate engagement and shareholder action; and organisations, on diversity data collection and on supporting Trans
and Non-Binary Inclusion.
— Providing capital to support a sustainable future, through
investments in green and social impact bonds and by excluding
2019 was our fifth year of sponsoring the Dive In Festival for
investments in coal focused companies.
diversity and inclusion in insurance. Spread across three days,
Human rights and modern slavery events took place in 32 countries and more than 60 cities. This
year’s theme was #InclusionImpact. Its mission is to enable people
We fully support the principles set out in the United Nations
to achieve their potential by raising awareness of the business case,
Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Labour
and promoting positive action, for diversity in all its forms.
Organisation core labour standards. We respect the dignity and
rights of each individual who works for us and with us. Gender pay gap
The Society reported a gender pay gap of 23.6% (mean) in its 2019
As a global business, we recognise that respect for human rights is
Gender Pay Gap Report, an increase from the 2018 figure of 19.9%.
fundamental. We are committed to ensuring that there is no modern
This gap represents the difference between the average pay for a
slavery or human trafficking taking place in our supply chains or in
man in the Society, compared with the average pay for a woman.
any part of our business. We continue to implement appropriate
The gender pay gap is different to equal pay, which is men and
policies to support our commitment to act ethically and with
women being paid the same for the same work or work of equal
integrity in all our business relationships.
value, and which we review on an annual basis as part of our
In 2019 our approach has included the implementation of a supplier compensation review process. The Society does not believe it has
performance and risk management framework and spot-check an equal pay issue, however we recognise that changes within our
audits on some of our critical suppliers to ascertain their executive team during the reporting period will have had a direct
compliance with the modern slavery legislation. impact on our 2019 figures.
Like many financial services firms, we employ fairly equal numbers
Employee policies
of men and women at the entry levels, but this representation does
The Society has a number of policies, standards and practices to not extend to senior levels. Addressing the gender pay gap requires
ensure we treat all colleagues with fairness, respect and commitment at both the senior levels and investment in our future
consistency, and provide them with the necessary support to be the generation of leaders. To help redress the balance, in addition to
best they can be at work. We have a code of conduct, human rights expanding our family care policies, our Lloyd’s Advance
policy and speaking up policy, which are available to employees. development programme for women aims to develop future women
leaders through targeted development, mentoring, sponsorship and
The Society is proud of its market-leading family care policies which are
networking. In 2019 we saw two cohorts of women successfully
designed to provide employees with the support they need to enjoy
complete the Advance programme with additional cohorts
happy and healthy working and home lives, whatever that looks
announced for 2020. Our commitment is to an enhanced gender
balanced plan to meaningfully close the gender pay gap.
2019 Society employee segmentation figures
UK 905
Non-UK 242
Executive Team Head of Function Manager Professional/Technician Administrative Total
Female 2 13 166 209 221 611
Male 5 35 215 190 91 536
Total 7 48 381 399 312 1,147
18 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2019

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Key Performance Indicators
The Council uses a number of metrics, financial and non-financial, to measure the performance of the Lloyd’s market as indicators of
sustainability and progress against our strategy. Some of these measures are used on a recurring basis while some are specific to activities
undertaken in that year.
Market performance
Result before tax 2019: £2.5bn
Includes an aggregation of syndicate results, the result of the Society and notional
investment return on members’ funds at Lloyd’s. 2018: (£1.0bn)
2017: (£2.0bn)
Combined ratio1 2019: 102.1%
Combined ratio is a measure of the profitability of an insurer’s underwriting activity. It is
the ratio of net operating expenses plus claims incurred net of reinsurance to earned 2018: 104.5%
premiums net of reinsurance. 2017: 114.0%
Expense ratio1 2019: 38.7%
The ratio of net operating expenses to earned premiums net of reinsurance. Reducing
the cost of doing business at Lloyd’s is one of our strategic aims. 2018: 39.2%
2017: 39.5%
Return on capital1 2019: 8.8%
The ratio is used to measure the overall profitability and value creating potential of the
Lloyd’s market. 2018: (3.7%)
2017: (7.3%)
Solvency Capital Requirement (MWSCR and CSCR)2 MWSCR CSCR
Under the Solvency II regime Lloyd’s monitors the amount of eligible assets available to 2019: 156% 2019: 238%
cover its market wide SCR (MWSCR) and central SCR (CSCR). These amounts are
expressed as a percentage of the requirements. 2018: 149% 2018: 249%
2017: 144% 2017: 215%
1. The combined ratio, the expense ratio and the return on capital are metrics that are consistently used to analyse financial performance in the Lloyd’s Market Results and/or in the
Society Report. These metrics (wherever used in this Annual Report) are Alternative Performance Measures (APMs), with further information available on page 176.
2. Please see note 4 on pages 49 and 50 for further details regarding Lloyd’s solvency position.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2019 19

Key Performance Indicators
continued
Market strategy
Strategic direction A prospectus was issued setting out Lloyd’s
A new strategic direction is set for Lloyd’s supported by market participants. aims, followed by Blueprint One. 70% of
respondents to our online survey believe the
proposals will deliver the Future at Lloyd’s aims.
Customer net promoter score A benchmark score will be set in 2020 as a
A net promoter score, as well as other metrics, will be used to assess the impact of the base from which to track Lloyd’s performance
strategy, and Lloyd’s performance generally, for our customers. during the implementation of the Future at
Lloyd’s strategy.
Offering better customer solutions The Lloyd’s market has established the
Lloyd’s will improve its capability to write innovative products. product innovation facility designed to: speed
up (re)insurance product development; test new
technologies and methods of distribution; and
provide cover for today’s new and emerging
risks.
Culture
Conduct a market-wide culture survey Lloyd’s undertook a market-wide survey
In collaboration with the Lloyd’s Market Association and the London & International receiving 6,003 responses from across the
Insurance Brokers Association, undertake an independent and market-wide survey market. Results, along with the introduction of
informing further action in building an inclusive culture for the Lloyd’s market. Standards of Business Conduct, were published
to address the key themes arising from the
Lloyd’s culture survey.
Introduce a plan to improve the culture of the Lloyd’s market Lloyd’s has identified gender, speaking up,
Building on the existing inclusion activity and oversight responsibilities, introduce a wellbeing and leadership as four key priority
robust action plan addressing the key themes from the Lloyd’s culture survey and areas to focus on improving the culture of the
introduce clear and robust metrics to measure and monitor future progress. Lloyd’s market. Lloyd’s has put in place a wide-
ranging set of actions to address these priority
areas and created an advisory group comprising
market and specialist practitioners to guide the
programme.
20 Lloyd’s Annual Report 2019

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Council Statement
Statement by the members of the Council in Lloyd’s wants to be known as a responsible business leader,
relation to paragraph 3.2 of the operating in a way that makes those who work for us feel proud of
Constitutional Arrangements Byelaw, their contribution. Our approach underpins our goals to support
global economic growth, and help nations, businesses and
equivalent to s.172(1) of the Companies Act
communities improve resilience to, and recover faster from,
2006 (the Act)
disasters. Please refer to page 17 for further details of the Society’s
While not subject to the Act, the Council seeks to comply with best approach in the community.
practice with regard to Lloyd’s Annual Report. Accordingly, the
Council has elected to include a statement in this Strategic Report Lloyd’s reputation is built on expertise. The employees working in
describing how the Council has had regard to the matters set out in the Lloyd’s market and Society are its most important asset. It is
paragraph 3.2 of the Constitutional Arrangements Byelaw, which is therefore vital that they are able to operate in a safe, secure and
the Lloyd’s counterpart of section 172(1) of the Act. inclusive environment that attracts the best talent and allows it to
develop and contribute. Creating an inclusive marketplace is a
priority for us and crucial to Lloyd’s long-term success.
The Council has a duty to act in the interests of its members. All
decisions have been taken in this clear and certain knowledge that
the Council must take material action to ensure the long-term In March, we announced an action plan developed in collaboration
interests of the market’s members are protected. with the managing agent and broker associations, Lloyd’s Market
Association and London & International Insurance Brokers’
During the year the Council focused on three areas that will have a Association, to ensure a safe and inclusive working environment in
long-term impact on the Lloyd’s market and which were our the marketplace. We carried out the largest culture survey ever
priorities in 2019. These were: conducted in the insurance sector to understand employees’ views.
The independent market-wide survey was commissioned in the
1. Define and initiate a new strategy for the market, the Future at wake of reports of sexual harassment in the Lloyd’s market, and
Lloyd’s; following the results of the survey a further series of measures were
2. Enhance the market’s culture; and put in place to accelerate culture change across the marketplace.
3. Continue our activity to deliver first-class underwriting. Further details on the actions taken can be found on pages 15 and 16.
The Future at Lloyd’s strategy is a consequence of two The Council believes that the actions we are taking will address the
consultations of unprecedented scale, covering insurance carriers, issues that have surfaced. Improving our culture and creating a
distributors, capital providers, Society employees, and most more diverse marketplace will help us to maintain our reputation for
importantly the market’s customers. This was essential for Council insurance expertise and ensure that we attract the right skills and
capabilities to deliver the Future at Lloyd’s.
to understand both what is valued, and how the market should
evolve. The first consultation was instrumental in setting our new
purpose, Sharing risk to create a braver world, and in shaping the We aspire to world-class underwriting performance and strong
prospectus, issued in May, which set out our aims for improving the performance management. We will maintain the highest standards
value we provide to our different stakeholders. The second to protect customers and the market’s reputation. During 2019 we
consultation on the prospectus document was successful in continued to take action through our robust market oversight
building consensus around these aims and the things we should do regime to improve the underwriting performance, in the wake of
to achieve our vision for building the most advanced insurance prior year below average performance. Many in the market, and
marketplace in the world. We issued Blueprint One in September, wider insurance industry recognised and were supportive of the
the first blueprint of several that will set out our plans for delivering leading position we took to instil a more prudent and measured
our vision. approach to underwriting. Further details of our oversight approach
are set out on page 16.
The Council is encouraged that the new strategy has received
overwhelming support from the Lloyd’s market. We believe it will It is gratifying to see that our efforts to improve performance are
provide a more attractive future for market firms and employees, beginning to have effect. And the good work is continuing in 2020
enable new investment opportunities for members and provide to put the market on a firmer footing, which will be in the long-term
interest of our members.
customers with more choice of insurance products and services
that can meet their changing risk needs. Further details on the
Future at Lloyd’s can be found on page 15. To help deliver success, the Council took the decision, following
consultation with the membership and across the market, to amend
The Council is aware of the challenges which embarking on this Lloyd’s governance framework. This will involve the merging of the
journey presents for the market. 2019 saw us make a good start, Council and Board from June 2020, to create a single governing
setting out what needs to be done and laying the groundwork to get body. This will assist with efficient and swift decision-making,
ourselves ready to begin delivering. This has included resourcing necessary to meet the challenges of a fast-changing world. Further
information on this new framework can be found on page 75.
the different workstreams and raising £300m of senior debt to fund
the transformation. Execution of the strategy will be dependent on
many factors, and especially the continuing support of market
participants and key suppliers, both existing and new. We are
maintaining our programme of engagement to ensure that the views
of our many different stakeholders are heard and are
accommodated into our plans wherever possible.
The Council believes Lloyd’s purpose and strategy supports the
wider society and the environment through the development and
offering of products that meet the emerging risks facing the world,
including from technological and environmental change.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2019 21