# Source: https://assets.lloyds.com/media/77352402-2355-4d7a-ba75-258232064494/Lloyds%20AR%202015%20(1).pdf
# Extracted: 2025-12-09T20:21:04.396377
# PDF: market_commentary_data\pdfs\lloyds_official\lloyds_annual_report_2015.pdf
# Length: 543767 characters
#======================================================================

Annual Report 2015
1.0 Introduction 2.0 Strategic Update
3.0 Financial Statements 4.0 How Lloyd’s Works
January — Conduct Standards April — Lloyd’s publishes July — Lloyd’s announces plans October — Lloyd’s expands into
Assurance team established to 2015–2017 Strategy to apply for onshore reinsurance new offices in Singapore and
promote high standards of licence in Malaysia opens first office in Mexico
customer service
February — Lloyd’s opens May — Feast or Famine report August — Business Blackout November — Lloyd’s launches
specialist underwriting highlights insurance implications report considers the insurance inaugural Innovation Awards
platform in Dubai of food safety and security implications of a cyber attack
on the US power grid
March — Lloyd’s opens branch June — Lloyd’s global offices September — Results for first December — Prudential Regulatory
office in Beijing take part in activities to mark six months of 2015 announced Authority approves Lloyd’s internal
UN World Environment Day model for Solvency II

The Lloyd’s market profit for 2015 was £2.1bn. Lloyd’s capital
position was further strengthened with total resources of
£25.1bn and ratings were reaffirmed, at A+ with Standard
& Poor’s, AA– with Fitch Ratings and A with A.M. Best.

Our Business
Lloyd’s accepts business from over 200 countries and territories worldwide. Licences in over
75 jurisdictions, supported by a network of local offices and coverholders across the world,
ensure access to insurance markets large and small. (All figures are as at 31 December 2015.)
Syndicates % of the FTSE 250 insured at Lloyd’s
84 63
Coverholders % of the Fortune 500 insured at Lloyd’s
4,008 65
Brokers Countries and territories
242 220
Total resources (£bn)
25.1

Lloyd’s class breakdown by region (Figure 1)
US and Other United Rest of Central Rest Total
Canada Americas Kingdom Europe Asia & of the for all
Asia World Regions
Pacific
Reinsurance 24% 70% 26% 32% 46% 63% 32%
Property 35% 7% 25% 18% 16% 8% 26%
Casualty 23% 12% 23% 20% 25% 11% 22%
Marine 7% 5% 6% 18% 8% 7% 9%
Energy 7% 3% 2% 6% 2% 3% 5%
Motor 2% 1% 17% 2% 1% 3% 4%
Aviation 2% 2% 1% 4% 2% 5% 2%
Total GWP 47% 7% 18% 14% 10% 4% 100%
Lloyd’s capital providers by source and location (Figure 2)
2015 2014
US insurance industry 20.5% 22.0%
Japan insurance industry
UK insurance industry
European
insurance industry 13.7%
6.8%
Bermudian
insurance industry 22.4%
Private capital – limited 13.4%
& unlimited
RoW insurance
industry 12.8%
6.7%
W orldwide
non-insurance 18.7%
12.6%
Middle/Far East
insurance industry
10.5%
11.2%
9.9%
6.4%
3.3% 2.9%
3.3% 2.9%

Introduction 01
2015 At a Glance
Financial highlights
— Lloyd’s made a profit of £2,122m (2014: £3,016m)
— Combined ratio of 90.0% (2014: 88.4%)
— Gross written premium of £26,690m (2014: £25,259m)
— Capital, reserves and subordinated loan notes stand at £25,098m (2014: £23,413m)
Gross written premium* Result before tax
£m £m
2011 23,337 2011 (516)
2012 25,173 2012 2,771
2013 25,615 2013 3,205
2014 25,259 2014 3,016
2015 26,690 2015 2,122
Capital, reserves and subordinated debt Central assets*
and securities
£m £m
2011 19,114 2011 2,388
2012 20,193 2012 2,485
2013 21,107 2013 2,384
2014 23,413 2014 2,578
2015 25,098 2015 2,645
Return on capital Combined ratio
% %
2011 (2.8) 2011 106.8
2012 14.8 2012 91.1
2013 16.2 2013 86.8
2014 14.1 2014 88.4
2015 9.1 2015 90.0
The pro forma financial statements (PFFS) are prepared The PFFS include the aggregate of syndicate annual accounts
so that the financial results of Lloyd’s and its members taken (Aggregate Accounts), members’ funds at Lloyd’s (FAL) and
together and their net assets can be compared as closely the Society of Lloyd’s financial statements. As noted on page 67,
as possible with general insurance companies. the 2014 figures have been restated following adoption of the
new UK GAAP accounting standards.
*See glossary on inside back cover.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

02
Contents
03 Introduction 18 Lloyd’s Strategy 2016–2018 46 Market Performance
04 C hairman’s Statement 18 Chief Executive’s Foreword 47 2015 Highlights
06 Chief Executive’s Statement 20 V ision 2025
22 Objectives of the Eight
Strategic Priorities 60 Financial Statements
08 Strategic Update 23 E xternal Environment
25 Lloyd’s Key Risks 60 Market Results
27 Overview of Lloyd’s 62 Statement of Council’s
10 Strategic Review Performance Metrics Responsibilities and Report
Framework of PricewaterhouseCoopers
11 Market Oversight 28 Market Oversight LLP to the Council of Lloyd’s
Tom Bolt 30 Global Market Access on the 2015 Pro Forma
12 Global Market Access 32 Ease of Doing Business Financial Statements
Vincent Vandendael 34 Capital 64 Pro Forma Profit &
13 Ease of Doing Business 36 Innovation Loss Account
Shirine Khoury-Haq 38 Talent 65 Pro Forma Balance Sheet
14 Risk and Regulation 40 Brand 66 Pro Forma Statement of
Sean McGovern 42 Global Corporate Social Cash Flows
15 C apital Responsibility 67 Notes to the Pro Forma
John Parry 44 Delivering the Strategy Financial Statements
16 I nnovation
Gavin Steele
17 Key Achievements in 2015
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Introduction
Introduction 03
90 Society Report 191 M anaging Agents
and Syndicates
92 Financial Highlights
93 Corporate Governance
110 Internal Control Statement 194 How Lloyd’s Works
112 Report of the Remuneration
Committee 196 What is Lloyd’s?
129 Report of the Audit 197 Lloyd’s Market Structure
Committee 199 Lloyd’s Business Model
131 Report of the Lloyd’s 204 Lloyd’s Value Creation
Members’ Ombudsman 206 Lloyd’s Market Governance
132 Financial Review
138 Statement of the Council of
Lloyd’s Responsibilities for
the Financial Statements
139 Independent Auditor’s
Report to the Members
of the Society of Lloyd’s
144 Group Income Statement
145 Group Statement of
Comprehensive Income
146 Group Statement of
Financial Position
147 Group Statement of
Changes in Equity
148 Group Statement of
Cash Flows
149 Notes to the Financial
Statements
190 Five Year Summary
LLllooyydd’’ss AAnnnnuuaall RReeppoorrtt —— 22001155

2015 — Emerging Risks
As infrastructure becomes ever more interconnected,
Lloyd’s Business Blackout report demonstrated how
modelling for extreme scenarios, including cyber attacks,
could help develop products to mitigate the impact of
events such as failure of a power supply.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Introduction 04
Chairman’s Statement
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Introduction 05
In a market undeniably tougher than seen for many higher rates of GDP growth and low levels of
years, in 2015 we have had to demonstrate our insurance penetration. I have personally focused
determination, innovative thinking and ability to on many of these, advocating not only the Lloyd’s
adapt and take action. market and model but also how the use of insurance
to mitigate and transfer risk tangibly contributes to
The significant pressure on premium rates and economic sustainability, growth and improved quality
exceptionally low investment returns have, naturally, of life. Our aim is that the Lloyd’s market will continue
had an impact on our results. Low interest rates and to contribute and be ready to grasp opportunities
low investment returns generally in the capital markets presented by the re-balancing of the global economy.
continue to attract additional capital into the sector.
Nothing, of course, can be achieved without the
Against this background, the profit for the Lloyd’s expertise and commitment of those who work in the
market was reduced to £2.1bn (2014: £3.0bn); Lloyd’s market and directly for the Corporation, which
gross written premiums grew by 6% to £26.7bn; has an outstanding leadership team under Inga Beale.
the combined ratio was 90.0%; and return on capital
was 9.1%. Our capital position remains exceptionally We benefit from the wise counsel of both the Council
strong with our total capital increasing to £25.1bn of Lloyd’s and the Franchise Board. I would like to
(2014: £23.4bn). Our ratings remain at A+ (strong) thank Rupert Atkin, both as a Deputy Chairman and
with Standard & Poor’s AA− (very strong) with Fitch Council member, and Chris Harman and Alan Lovell,
Ratings, and A (excellent) with A.M. Best. both Council members, who retired in January, for
their significant contribution over a number of years.
In these conditions, these results are creditable and We welcome Julian James, Neil Maidment and Philip
a tribute to the continued skill and professionalism Swatman, as members of the Council. I would also like
of the Lloyd’s market underwriting community. to congratulate Simon Beale, on his appointment as a
The results are supported by the market’s prudent Deputy Chairman. On the Franchise Board, we will be
reserving position overall and the consequent welcoming Richard Keers at the end of May. Bruce
significant reserve release in respect of prior years. Van Saun, who has re-located to the United States,
is retiring from the Franchise Board. I want to thank
Our response to this climate must be to focus on Bruce for his wise counsel and great contribution.
underwriting discipline, on which the Franchise Board
remains particularly vigilant, remain attentive to Finally, Tom Bolt, Director of Performance
emerging risks and become an even more attractive Management, will be leaving Lloyd’s at the end of
platform: widening global access, making it easier to April. Tom has done an outstanding job for Lloyd’s
do business and fostering innovation – all part of our over the last seven years and is highly respected in
Vision 2025 strategy. the market. I am sure many will join me in thanking
him and wishing him well for the future.
This report highlights significant progress – in global
market access in Asia, Latin America and the Middle It is already clear that the conditions we faced in
East; on modernising processes and systems within 2015 are continuing into 2016. Uncertainty over the
the market; and on innovation, such as the planned United Kingdom’s membership of the European Union
launch of the Lloyd’s Index, which aims to provide adds an unsettling ingredient to the mix. We believe
opportunities for alternative capital to have exposure strongly that continued membership would be the
to the Lloyd’s market. It is critical that we maintain better outcome for Lloyd’s and the businesses in
momentum. our market but we are preparing contingency plans
in the event of an exit.
An important achievement during 2015 was securing
approval to use our internal model when setting our Throughout its history, Lloyd’s has adapted
regulatory capital for Solvency II purposes. This was imaginatively to a changing world and changing
an arduous process, partly because of the need to requirements of insurance. The steps we are taking,
create a unique model for the market, and our team together, as the Lloyd’s market should ensure that
should be congratulated. we reinforce our position as the world’s centre for
specialist insurance and reinsurance.
I have no doubt there is long-term growth potential
for specialist insurance, particularly in markets with John Nelson, Chairman
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Introduction 06
Chief Executive’s Statement
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Introduction 07
2015 presented a number of challenges to how and brought together under the TOM umbrella, will make
where Lloyd’s does business. it easier for brokers to access the Lloyd’s market and
reduce frictional costs.
While the insurance sector remained highly
competitive, it has been further impacted by new A first important step will be the transition to
regulatory obligations and the broader economic electronic placing from an outmoded paper based
environment. Meanwhile, rapid advances in system. Thanks to committed work by PPL (Placing
technology create their own pressure for the Platform Limited), support for this change has been
market to adapt and change in response. pledged by brokers and carriers, the London &
International Insurance Brokers Association, the
With regards to regulatory demands, it is fair to say Lloyd’s Market Association and the International
that securing approval of our internal model for the Underwriting Association of London.
Solvency II capital requirements was the single most
important event of 2015. If at times it seemed to be Another key piece of work under TOM, the Central
the Corporation’s only priority, this reflects the huge Services Refresh Programme, delivering standardised
combined efforts across the market; efforts that automated processing for premium and claims using
crucially allowed us to satisfy the regulators. 2016 is global messaging standards, is under development
about embedding the processes to meet ongoing and due for rollout in 2016.
supervisory, reporting and disclosure requirements.
But modernisation is about more than our systems;
Market conditions will remain challenging, providing a it is also about our people, specifically the ability
climate of reduced levels of returns, and in 2015 these to attract the smartest individuals to the industry.
trends contributed to the continuing high level of M&A With that in mind the Corporation and the market
activity. There were eight M&A transactions involving have taken active steps to encourage a more diverse,
a Lloyd’s business announced in 2015. This activity inclusive workforce. Launching a four day festival
affected some 20% of Lloyd’s capacity – a more than ‘Dive In’ in September, with other leading companies,
threefold increase on the previous year. enabled us to communicate our desire to welcome
talented individuals, whoever they are and wherever
Against this background, we remain focused on driving they are from.
forward our Vision 2025 plan. Lloyd’s continued to
expand its market access with two office openings I am acutely aware that every year the Corporation
in Beijing and Dubai. Interest has been high with 32 must demonstrate to the Lloyd’s market its continued
syndicates on our China platform and 10 syndicates commitment to enabling its success. Doing the right
to date in Dubai. New representative offices were things and doing them effectively and efficiently are
opened in Mexico and Colombia. Lloyd’s also applied what the market rightly expects and, as we continue
for a licence in Malaysia and conversations continued to navigate difficult economic waters, this remains
with regard to access to the Indian and Turkish the priority for me and my senior team.
markets. Meanwhile, Lloyd’s maintained a strong
share in well-established markets such as North We have made tremendous progress since launching
America, where total gross written premium now the Vision 2025 strategy in 2012. In 2016 our collective
accounts for 47% of the Lloyd’s market. commitment to achieving its goals remains as strong
as ever.
Looking across the financial sector, we live in the
age of disruptive innovation. The breakneck pace Inga Beale, Chief Executive
of adoption of new technology, changing attitudes
towards ways of working, and higher expectations
of business ethics are destabilising traditional models.
Therefore, the importance of innovation and
modernisation — to the health of the market and for
the benefit of policyholders — cannot be overstated.
In 2015 the Target Operating Model (TOM) picked
up momentum. This ambitious portfolio of initiatives,
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Strategic Update 08
Contents
Strategic Review Lloyd’s Strategy 2016–2018 Market Performance
11 Market Oversight 18 Chief Executive’s Foreword 47 2015 Highlights
Tom Bolt 20 V ision 2025
12 Global Market Access 22 Objectives of the Eight
Vincent Vandendael Strategic Priorities
13 Ease of Doing Business 23 E xternal Environment
Shirine Khoury-Haq 25 Lloyd’s Key Risks
14 Risk and Regulation 27 Overview of Lloyd’s
Sean McGovern Performance Metrics
15 C apital Framework
John Parry 28 Market Oversight
16 I nnovation 30 Global Market Access
Gavin Steele 32 Ease of Doing Business
17 Key Achievements in 2015 34 Capital
36 Innovation
38 Talent
40 Brand
42 Global Corporate Social
Responsibility
44 Delivering the Strategy
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market
Performance
Lloyd’s
Strategy
2016–2018
Strategic
Review
Strategic
Update
SSttrraatteeggiicc UUppddaattee 09
LLllooyydd’’ss AAnnnnuuaall RReeppoorrtt —— 22001155

2015 — Emerging Risks
Drones are now used for a range of activities including
agriculture, public services, wildlife protection and
research. Lloyd’s Drones Take Flight report showed how
the industry’s product development and risk assessment
expertise could be applied to address concerns about
this emerging technology and support its adoption.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Strategic Update 10
Strategic Review
Strategic Review
11 Market Oversight
Tom Bolt
12 Global Market Access
Vincent Vandendael
13 Ease of Doing Business
Shirine Khoury-Haq
14 Risk and Regulation
Sean McGovern
15 C apital
John Parry
16 I nnovation
Gavin Steele
17 Key Achievements
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Strategic Review 11
Tom Bolt and reduce the risk of future surprises. For example,
Director, Performance Management in the current environment, one of the easiest ways
for syndicates to lose money is through erosions of
wordings and conditions. That’s a matter for each
individual syndicate but we can help. In the past year,
we have undertaken a piece of work focusing on
contract quality oversight, updating the standard
wordings used in the market. Syndicates may elaborate
upon these, of course, but we can be confident that
the backbone is in place and fit for purpose.
Similarly, with the FCA’s emphasis on conduct, we have
been working with both the regulator and our managing
agents to develop an approach that can be applied
across the market, so reducing the need for individual
firms to be audited by the FCA. Lloyd’s conduct
standards came into effect during the year, with
compliance being reviewed, and a new international
complaints handling process was introduced, to ensure
that Lloyd’s continues to meet its FCA obligations.
At the same time, we have streamlined coverholder
audit activity, with the aim of delivering considerable
savings. Following discussions with the market,
we changed the rules on binding authorities – where
managing agents or coverholders give brokers
authority to accept risk on their behalf – to allow
three-year agreements to be made. This should
reduce the administrative burden of the annual
Market Oversight approval process.
Progress in 2015 Our other role, though, is as the market’s critical
friend. And like all genuine friends, this sometimes
calls for well-intended but less comfortable
In many ways, 2015 saw a continuation of the conversations. We continue to monitor aggregate
factors that were prevalent in 2014 – for better and exposures, particularly in newer or less well-
for worse. On the one hand, the market benefited understood sectors such as cyber or nuclear,
from an absence of catastrophic events and a chemical, biological and radiological (NCBR) threats,
strong run of lower claims outcomes, including claim to ensure that the lines available are realistically
frequencies on casualty lines, which enabled us to aligned to market needs. In the case of NCBR risk,
take reserves down. On the other, the prolonged we require those considering underwriting those
pressure on prices places a premium on experience, risks to obtain prior agreement. During 2015
with astute management being the main driver of we introduced new requirements to ensure that
satisfactory returns. Lloyd’s exposure to cyber risk is better understood
and quantified.
From the Corporation’s perspective, with our focus on
the long-term interest of the market, our reputation is The factors governing market conditions are very
built on being the natural home of bespoke underwriting different from those prevalent in 2001 when we last
of complex insurance risks. Our aim must be to experienced such a soft market. We have greater
encourage whatever is needed to maintain that broker concentration, higher levels of capital from
pre-eminence. more diverse sources and, for the same reasons,
lower investment income to absorb the pain.
At times, this means acting as the catalyst, initiating However, regardless of market conditions, the
changes that are aimed at making it easier for market fundamentals of our business remain unchanged
participants to maintain oversight of their exposure and good management should prevail.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Strategic Update 12
Vincent Vandendael focus on broker relationship management will be
Director, Global Markets extended across the network in 2016.
Alongside developing and diversifying Lloyd’s
international premium flow, we worked to attract
new capital from emerging markets and other under-
represented sources. 2015 was a pivotal year with
four new or upgraded capital partnerships from China,
South Korea, Mexico and Panama. These will help
increase the flow of inward reinsurance business
from our target markets.
We took a number of measures to support coverholders
including introducing multi-year binders and simplifying
application and audit processes. Coverholders form a
cornerstone of our strategy in developed markets and
are key to our ambitions in high growth markets. We
saw 305 new coverholders joining in 2015, including
the first from Mexico. We are also keen to facilitate
consortia, where several syndicates combine to offer
bigger line sizes in order to compete where larger
lines are required. While this may represent a small
proportion of our revenue at present, it is a growing
and important distribution channel.
Another important aspect of our outreach has been
education and training, through the Global Development
Centre. The Centre ran 11 bespoke programmes in
Global Market Access 2015, for brokers and risk managers from over 40
countries, in partnership with managing agents and
Progress in 2015 brokers, who form an integral part of each programme.
While we have reached outward to new markets
For Lloyd’s to continue to be the global leader and new partners, we have deepened our dialogue
in specialist insurance and reinsurance business, with existing stakeholders. We have worked very
it is important that we provide our managing agents closely with managing agents to understand their
and brokers an optimal combination of trading rights, appetite for market development and prioritised
effective infrastructure and trusted partnerships. licence development accordingly.
In 2015 we successfully developed our platforms
and strengthened key relationships that will bring We obtained an establishment licence in Finland and
us closer to meeting the objectives of Vision 2025. negotiations are progressing well in India, Malaysia
and Tanzania to develop our onshore presence in
Emerging markets will account for close to 40% those markets. Meanwhile, an increasing amount
of worldwide non-life premiums by 2025. Carriers of work has been devoted to defending our licences
and brokers are actively pursuing these markets, and meeting the rising demands of regulators for
often seeking to establish a local presence. Lloyd’s compliance and reporting.
is rising to that challenge. In 2015, we opened
new offices in Dubai and Beijing and representative
offices in Colombia and Mexico. We welcomed 21
new syndicates to our platforms in Dubai, Singapore
and China, requiring office moves in Shanghai and
Singapore. Meanwhile, we registered 11 new Lloyd’s
brokers in Europe, China and Malaysia. These
encouraging trends are set to continue and our
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Strategic Review 13
Shirine Khoury-Haq consultation exercise followed. This process saw
Director, Operations 1,260 people attend 28 events in 39 days and we
received 608 helpful and innovative ideas from market
professionals and experts from outside the market.
Under the Target Operating Model banner, this market
modernisation programme is run as a centralised
programme by the London Market Group and governed
by a Board of senior executives representing all
market constituencies. There are 3 key deliveries in
2016: the post bind submission element of the Central
Services Refresh Programme (CSRP); implementation
of e-trading via Placing Platform Limited (PPL); and
improving Delegated Authority processes. There is also
an initiative to look at data as an important enabler.
The aim of CSRP is to remove a large proportion of
broker administration specific to the London market
and we are planning to launch a pilot in the first half
of 2016 with full roll-out planned for later in the year.
Work to establish a single London market platform
for electronic placing is also progressing. Ebix was
appointed as the preferred supplier during 2015 and
the PPL Board is working towards a launch in the
first half of this year.
In the Delegated Authority space, great progress was
Ease of Doing Business made in 2015 in successfully piloting one touch data
transfer of binding authority data in a fraction of the
Progress in 2015 time consumed by current processes. The team will
be rolling out these initiatives further in 2016, along
with centralised compliance, and trialling straight
In 2015 we launched a comprehensive modernisation through processing of coverholder business.
programme for the London market, the London Market
Target Operating Model (TOM). This was achieved The data initiative focuses on both foundational work
through a collaborative effort between the Lloyd’s such as establishing data standards and implementing
managing agents, the broking community, company governance for common data across the market as well
market carriers and the Corporation of Lloyd’s. as driving proofs of concepts, in collaboration with the
TOM innovation stream, to apply new technology and
The programme’s key focus is to improve the ease thinking from outside of our industry.
of doing business in the London market and it has
two central tenets. First, to move towards ‘one touch’ To date, the response from the market has been
data input, enabling data to be entered once on behalf positive and there is a real belief that we will achieve
of all of the organisations and processes that require our shared objectives. The programme has delivered
it. This is a key enabler to the TOM goal of straight so far and it will continue to deliver in 2016; however,
through processing wherever possible. The second our real success will be determined by whether
is to introduce shared services where appropriate, leaders in our market can drive the adoption of
removing duplication of non-competitive new ways of working to enable us to be the global
administration and reducing the frictional cost centre of speciality insurance and reinsurance for
of doing business. generations to come.
During the Discovery Phase, we built the vision and
high level Target Operating Model. An extensive
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Strategic Update 14
Sean McGovern In the UK, we have established written co-operation
Chief Risk Officer agreements with both the Prudential Regulatory
and General Counsel Authority and the Financial Conduct Authority which
aim to reduce significantly the risk of duplication of
oversight activity between the Corporation, the PRA
and the FCA. By demonstrating to regulators that
our risk management activity is appropriately targeted
and credible, we offer them the opportunity to take
account of our risk management oversight, creating
greater efficiency for managing agents.
Providing further support to managing agents’ business
in an increasingly complex international marketplace,
we monitor and respond to regulatory changes in
local markets and take on the responsibility to file
around 1,000 regulatory returns annually. We provide
compliance information through our online trading
advice service, which is updated regularly as local
regulatory requirements change. We provide specific
guidance and support to the market on compliance
with international sanctions.
The end of 2015 heralded the beginning of the new
dawn of Solvency II. After a protracted, and at times
painful, transition we must avoid the risk that the
capital model becomes an end in itself and dominates
the conversation by the management of firms and
between firms and the regulators. That would crowd
Risk and Regulation out the management of the very real and complex
risks to the asset and liability sides of balance sheets
Risk Landscape in 2015 where the model can be used as a part of that risk
approach. We will be working with the PRA and
managing agents to ensure that, as Solvency II
A consistent key risk in recent years has been the becomes further embedded into how the market
challenging political and regulatory environment that operates, compliance with its requirements are
the financial services sector has been experiencing. manageable and proportionate.
At the Corporation, we have also had to navigate
our way through this period, representing the interests Political and economic instability is a sustained risk
of the Lloyd’s market to governments and regulators factor. The most pressing example is the risk that
the world over: protecting Lloyd’s access to markets the forthcoming UK referendum will result in a vote
and seeking opportunities to bring the Lloyd’s market’s to leave the European Union. Our position is clear:
expertise to new countries. This market access, Lloyd’s interests lie in remaining within a reformed EU.
supported by central regulatory relationship However, we are not taking anything for granted. We
management, is a key benefit for Lloyd’s managing are putting in place contingency plans to deal with a
agents, particularly when regulators recognise the variety of possible outcomes should there be a vote
Corporation’s role in market regulation. to leave. Our aim, again, is to secure continued access
for managing agents to the EU – the world’s largest
Our strategy is simple: ensure that the Corporation insurance market.
is regarded as credible and transparent in its dealing
with regulators and provide as many central regulatory
services and as much advice as we can to managing
agents. Both are designed to create an efficient
regulatory framework in which both regulators and
managing agents can have confidence.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Strategic Review 15
John Parry changes to our risk profile. Solvency II is not a one-
Director, Finance off exercise; it’s part of the fabric of our business of
measured risk taking. The efforts of the last few years
have given us enhanced risk management, giving
greater insight into risk embedded with capital setting.
Now we must ensure we meet the new reporting
standards. In meeting the goal of harmonising
requirements, Europe appears to have turned the
dial to maximum. We are aware of the pressures
this places on the market and are working with it
to minimise the impact. The quantity and frequency
of the reporting requirements are exacting demands
of Solvency II, just as much as capital modelling.
Lloyd’s remains attractive for insurance business
and capital providers. The support we provide to meet
global regulators’ demands is one of our strengths
and a differentiator for Lloyd’s. We cannot stand still,
particularly if we are to succeed in further diversifying
our sources of capital and expanding our licence
network. Our engagement with potential new entrants
has continued and 2015 saw growth in capital from
new sources. We are looking at how we meet local
regulators’ needs and how best to deploy capital
locally where required. As the industry environment
evolves, in particular with regulation and tax, we must
adapt to the ways in which members may want to
access Lloyd’s – for example, through the use of
Capital Special Purpose Syndicates.
Progress in 2015 Similarly, we know that the wider capital markets are
interested in broadening their exposure and evolving
from solely natural catastrophe ventures to general
Perhaps obviously, I must start with the achievement insurance. We will investigate options to enhance our
of internal model approval under Solvency II from the capital structure and how we can harness these
PRA in December. It’s been a long road with bumps markets to maximise capital efficiency. One element
along the way and some doubted that Solvency II of the structure that will not be changing is the
would ever come into force as implementation dates Central Fund, which we will maintain at a level that
changed and lobbying continued over all aspects of clearly demonstrates Lloyd’s ability to absorb the
the framework. Let’s not forget how wide reaching impact of a market-changing event. This is reflected
the ambition is – to harmonise capital standards and in our financial strength ratings, which are appropriate
ensure transparent, consistent reporting across the for the risks we accept, balancing efficiency and
largest insurance market in the world. The reward sufficiency of capital. There were no new calls upon
for this effort had to be kept in mind; assessing our the fund during 2015 and we enter the Solvency II
capital needs according to our own risk profile, era in robust financial health.
not a standard formula that fitted neither our business
mix nor our structure of independent businesses
underpinned by the Central Fund. It involved
considerable interaction with the PRA and an
understandable focus on the risk of understatement
of capital as we neared the implementation date.
Considerable work will be needed each year to keep
the model in line with regulatory requirements and
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Strategic Update 16
Gavin Steele with the other members of the London Market Group
Executive Sponsor to secure an amendment to the Bank of England
for Innovation and Financial Services Bill that will enable Insurance-
Linked Securities vehicles to be domiciled in the
UK. This is an important step in helping maintain
London’s position at the centre of the global risk
transfer market.
Collaboration is also at the heart of our approach
to the other face of innovation at Lloyd’s. We have
been considering ways we can help the market
innovate around products and develop new insurance
coverages that meet clients’ needs. To this end,
we recently started a programme bringing together
managing agents, business development experts,
brokers, risk managers and others at roundtables
to debate specific areas where there is deemed
to be a lack of insurance coverage currently.
The Corporation’s role here is not to develop new
products and policies; that is very much the province
of the underwriters and brokers. We are able to help
with pre-competitive stage work, such as stimulating
the debate, distilling research and considering
practical and regulatory challenges.
Our thought leadership work supports this by
identifying potential opportunities for the market
Innovation as well as analysing possible threats. During 2015
we published six substantial reports, covering topics
Progress in 2015 such as food security, cyber risk, bitcoins and drones.
Over time we see these reports becoming more
‘solution-orientated’, pointing the market towards
In our approach to innovation, there are initiatives
the opportunities from emerging risks.
that the Corporation can and should take itself and
there are those that present us with an opportunity
We also remain alert to the impact of disruptive
to provide leadership or provoke discussion in the
business models and both the threats and
market that may pave the way for new ideas.
opportunities presented by new ways of thinking
about the market.
Our plan to publish a Lloyd’s Insurance Index clearly
falls into the first category. The index will provide loss
Finally, towards the end of 2015 we held our
ratio data at whole market level and, possibly, for
inaugural Innovation Awards, designed to recognise
certain classes of business as well and, as such, give
imaginative ideas that are being developed in the
an insight on insurance performance. The index also
market. In all three categories – product, non-product
has the potential to be used to develop products that
and under-35s – we saw a range of inspiring and
can offer investors exposure to insurance in a new
thought-provoking ideas. We anticipate that in future
way. The range of current and historic data we can
years these awards will demonstrate that innovation
access will give the index the authority of a credible
remains at the heart of Lloyd’s.
benchmark and, as it will use data we already collect,
we aim to produce it without placing any significant
additional burden on the market. We plan to publish
by mid-2016 and update the index quarterly thereafter.
While the index will, hopefully, be attractive to
alternative capital, we have also been working
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Strategic Review 17
Delivering Vision 2025
Key Achievements in 2015
Market Oversight Global Market Access Ease of Doing Business Capital
Lloyd’s combined ratio New trading offices Discovery phase PRA approved Lloyd’s
for 2015 outperformed opened in Dubai completed for all Internal Model for use
its competitor group by and Beijing. 15 Target Operating in calculating Solvency
4.7 percentage points. Model initiatives. Capital Requirement.
New representative
New oversight plan offices opened in TOM market engagement 2015 saw growth
was published covering Colombia and Mexico. with 28 events and in capital from new
all oversight areas for over 1,200 attendees. sources – by type
the market. 20 new registered Lloyd’s and geography –
brokers, 11 from outside The Placement participating at Lloyd’s.
There were no new the UK. Platform entered
members needing to user testing phase.
access the Central Fund.
Innovation Talent Brand Global Corporate
Social Responsibility
Announced plans for Dive In festival, promoting Lloyd’s brand survey Lloyd’s went
launch of Lloyd’s index diversity and inclusion, showed Lloyd’s brand global with its CSR
in 2016. was attended by over reputation index is on programme with
1,750 people across the a par with best-in-class the launch of
Six thought leadership London insurance market. (re)insurance companies. ‘Lloyd’s Together’.
reports published
including City Risk 93% of graduates and Over twice as many Over 2,600 volunteers
Index, drones, cyber 100% of apprentices references to Lloyd’s in from the Lloyd’s
and bitcoins. found jobs in the Lloyd’s the media made in 2015 market were involved
market after completing relative to 2014 mentions in Lloyd’s Community
their structured (up by 113%). Programme.
development programmes.
During 2015 Lloyd’s
27 senior leaders Charities Trust
from across the Lloyd’s supported the training
market participated of more than 600 aid
in the Developing workers from 99
Leaders Programme in organisations living
partnership with London and working in 91
Business School. countries, through its
partnership with
humanitarian disaster
relief charity, RedR.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Strategic Update 18
Chief Executive’s Foreword
We are now almost four years into Vision 2025, We continue to increase our emphasis on innovation
with the aim of ensuring that Lloyd’s remains the and being open to change. On one level, this is
global centre for specialist insurance and reinsurance represented by product and process developments
in 2025 and beyond. and proposals to embrace alternative sources of
capital for the market. On another, it is manifested
This road map, developed through close collaboration in ensuring that the Lloyd’s business model remains
between the market and the Corporation, is broken relevant, including consideration of the offer to market
down into rolling three year plans. While the eight participants and the Corporation’s role and
strategic priorities remain constant, it is a dynamic organisational design.
plan that can respond to changing market and
business conditions. For 2016 the focus is on making The most compelling element of Vision 2025 is that
significant progress on initiatives already underway. it is a collective plan for the market, to be delivered
by brokers, managing agents and the Corporation
Industry conditions continue to be challenging and working together. That spirit of partnership is
pressures on underwriting and investment income delivering progress and I have no doubt that the
remain. Market oversight, therefore, remains a key commitment and drive that we have seen so far
focus as we seek the optimum balance between will continue as we take forward the many initiatives
supporting and stimulating growth while protecting designed to help achieve our shared goals.
the market’s security and reputation.
Inga Beale Chief Executive
Market modernisation and increasing global market
access are cornerstones of Vision 2025. As this
update demonstrates, work on these strategic
priorities is already delivering results and, again,
has benefited from market-wide involvement in
setting objectives and implementation.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Lloyd’s
Strategy
2016–2018
Lloyd’s Strategy 2016–2018 19
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Strategic Update 20
Vision 2025
To be the global centre for specialist insurance and reinsurance
What will Lloyd’s be? — Lloyd’s will be larger than today, predicated
on sustainable, profitable growth after allowing
— Lloyd’s will be an international, London-based for movements in the underwriting cycle. Its
market, built on trusted relationships and focused performance will outstrip that of its competitor
on specialist property and casualty business group. The increase in premium income in the
requiring bespoke underwriting and broking. largest 10 developed economies will track or
slightly exceed increases in non-life premium.
— Lloyd’s will be a mutual supported by a Central In the largest 10 developing economies, at times
Fund, so it will always be more capital efficient we would expect growth to exceed non-life
to trade inside Lloyd’s than outside. premium as the specialist risk sector develops
and insurance penetration increases.
— Lloyd’s will be able to access all major international
insurance markets, including emerging markets, — Lloyd’s will be known around the world for
through its global licence network. its integrity. The Lloyd’s brand will be globally
admired and recognised. Lloyd’s will be respected
— Lloyd’s will offer access to underwriting expertise for its reputation as the world’s specialist centre
and capacity in the most efficient way to meet for (re)insurance.
brokers’ and clients’ needs, including through
a face-to-face subscription market.
Managing agents
— Lloyd’s world class underwriting and claims
management will be supported by an — Managing agents will actively attract business
industry-leading infrastructure and service to Lloyd’s through brokers. Lloyd’s will be a
proposition with efficient central services thriving market of diverse managing agents
and seamless processing. by size and type, ranging from Lloyd’s-centric
businesses to the specialty operations of
— Lloyd’s will be a risk selector and a market international (re)insurance groups. Any broker
where entrepreneurialism and innovation owned managing agents will be subject to the
will thrive, underpinned by robust risk and existing 20% related party business restriction.
performance management.
— New entrants will be encouraged, including
— Lloyd’s ratings will be at a level capable of overseas trade capital providers with a franchise
attracting the specialist business it will write. as well as all other innovative, entrepreneurial
start-ups.
— There will be no minimum size threshold for
managing agents but the maximum size will
remain at 15% of premium.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Lloyd’s Strategy 2016–2018 21
Distribution Capital
— Lloyd’s will be a broker market and will build on — Lloyd’s capital base will be globally diverse.
its relationships with the larger brokers, as well There will be overseas trade capital bringing
as encouraging other specialist brokers. in new specialist business and people to Lloyd’s
from countries where Lloyd’s needs to increase
— Lloyd’s will provide efficient access to local its market share.
markets through service companies, coverholders
and local brokers. It will be as easy to access — Private ‘Names’ capital will continue, but to grow
Lloyd’s as any local carrier. and flourish it will need to be re-energised and
provided on a more flexible and efficient basis.
— Lloyd’s distribution chain will be optimised through
the efficient use of technology.
People
— Lloyd’s will have a local presence, in some cases
local establishment, in international markets, where — Lloyd’s will be a place where talented, diverse
this is a commercial or regulatory requirement for and socially responsible employees feel proud to
business access. work. It will attract the best talent and will provide
an accelerated career path for the progression
of high achievers. Lloyd’s will be a diverse and
inclusive market. Its people will increasingly mirror
the geographic origin of the market’s business
and capital.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Strategic Update 22
Vision 2025
To be the global centre for specialist insurance and reinsurance
Objectives of the eight strategic priorities:
Market oversight Global market access
Lloyd’s market oversight will be supportive of Lloyd’s international growth will be enabled
sustainable profitable growth and will be valued by offering optimal trading rights and effective
by all stakeholders. operational infrastructure.
Ease of doing business Capital
Lloyd’s will have a leading industry service Lloyd’s optimal capital strength and attractiveness
proposition, built on excellence in processes, will be designed and demonstrated.
technology and data.
Innovation Talent
Lloyd’s will build on its leading edge capability Lloyd’s market and Corporation will continue to
and reputation for innovation in the global attract and retain the best talent through a high
insurance industry. performance culture, best practices and
inspirational leadership.
Brand Global CSR
Lloyd’s brand will remain admired and attractive Lloyd’s will remain a responsible global corporate
to customers and market participants. citizen through its ethical principles and practices,
and sharing of knowledge and expertise.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Lloyd’s Strategy 2016–2018 23
External Environment
The world in 2015 Low interest rates and slow growth have seen
Political and economic instability provided a backdrop mergers and acquisitions across many industries
to 2015. A number of large-scale and high-profile soar to the highest levels since 2007, including in the
terrorist attacks formed only part of a steady insurance industry. These were driven by continued
stream of incidents, particularly in the Middle East. soft prices, a relatively benign period for catastrophes
Continued instability in this region has contributed and cheap finance combined with the drive for growth
to the largest-yet recorded number of displaced and diversification. Lloyd’s participants have proven
people seeking asylum in the EU. Another tumultuous particularly attractive targets. This has continued to
year in Greek politics also continued to weigh on the increase the proportion of Lloyd’s business written
European economy. by large multinational insurance groups.
Yet while commodity prices declined and financial
market volatility was sparked by the sharp stock What this meant for insurance
market declines in China, the global economy Industry pricing conditions continued to fall in
continued to expand during 2015. The US experienced most classes of business, with pressure to broaden
modest GDP growth (2.5%) resulting in the Federal terms and conditions emerging in some sectors.
Reserve raising interest rates at the end of 2015 for This enivronment is fuelled in part by the longer-term
the first time since 2008. The UK economy was the reduction in reinsurance demand arising from
second fastest growing in the G7 in 2015 (2.2%), while the centralisation of reinsurance purchasing and
Euro area growth picked up slightly (1.5%), helped by growth of alternative products.
quantitative easing by the European Central Bank.
The prevailing macro-economic and insurance
Emerging markets remained the engine for global industry conditions put pressure on both insurers
growth, although rates were slower than anticipated and brokers. This pressure has been a driver of major
(4.0%). The prevailing global economic conditions strategic initiatives within the broking community,
combined with reduced capital flows to emerging including significant consolidation. The commercial
markets and weakening currencies to temper growth leverage of the large brokers is stronger in a market
stimuli from urbanisation and growing wealth. like Lloyd’s than for large unitary carriers. Many
brokers are seeking to reduce the number of carriers
US interest rates were raised in December, with with whom they deal – through preferred partner
positive implications for insurers’ investment income arrangements and facilities.
in the medium term, although there may be some short
term capital impact. Euro area interest rates remained Natural catastrophe losses were relatively low in 2015
low. The prolonged low interest rate environment and were outweighed by a higher frequency of large
continues to attract alternative capital to insurance. man-made losses with impacts on insurers’ bottom
Insurance-linked securities have gained mainstream lines. These included explosions at the port of Tianjin,
acceptance, although at the expense of property China and Pemex’s Abkatun A-Permanente oil platform
reinsurance pricing. The UK government has been in the Gulf of Mexico and the high-profile losses of
working with the London Market Group to create a tax Germanwings flight 9525 and Metrojet flight 9268.
and regulatory infrastructure to enable ILS business
to thrive in the UK. In December, Lloyd’s announced Cyber threats became increasingly prevalent in 2015.
plans to support the attraction of alternative capital As public awareness grows, so does the demand from
through the publication of a Lloyd’s index. businesses for cyber insurance – and Lloyd’s has been
at the forefront of developing insurance solutions.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Strategic Update 24
Climate change is an area where insurance can Outlook
demonstrate its role as a public good. Lloyd’s The global economic outlook remains challenging.
recognises the potential effects of climate change Uncertainty over the UK’s membership of the
and the direct impact on the business community. European Union could have an impact on Lloyd’s
In 2015 Lloyd’s pledged its support for the Target access to European markets.
Two Degrees campaign. Lloyd’s CEO signed an open
letter from the coalition of CEO Climate Leaders Gradual GDP growth should see demand for
stating the private sector’s responsibility both to insurance rise, but this rate will be tempered as
engage in global efforts to reduce greenhouse gas China’s economic expansion continues to slow
emissions and to help lead the global transition and a number of other previously high-growth
to a low-carbon, climate-resilient economy. emerging economies suffer challenging conditions.
Divergent levels of insurance penetration between Pricing in most classes will remain under pressure
countries remain. Emerging markets across Latin due to excess capital, competition from Insurance-
America, Africa and Asia contribute over 40% Linked Securities and a lack of major catastrophes.
to global GDP but only 16% of global insurance This could be exacerbated by slowing reserve
premiums – suggesting significant underinsurance releases and higher capital requirements following
in these high growth markets. Many such countries the implementation of Solvency II in 2016.
are susceptible to natural catastrophes but lack
the resilient infrastructure to cope with their impact. Insurance industry consolidation is expected to
Lloyd’s has been active in developing responses. continue as companies seek size and relevance
In addition to Lloyd’s work through the Geneva in an environment of cheap capital and globalising
Association, in November eight Lloyd’s syndicates markets. While some trends appear cyclical, others
joined forces to develop new solutions to help look set to become long-term features of the insurance
developing economies tackle underinsurance industry. Long planned regulatory changes will start
and improve their resilience against the economic to take effect in 2016 with the advent of Solvency II
impact of natural catastrophes. and the next phase of the various pan national
insurance oversight regimes. The insurance sector
began to embrace alternative forms of capital some
20 years ago and it is increasingly being seen as
mainstream, presenting opportunities for innovation
and diversification. Similarly, technology companies
have been reshaping the landscape in many industries
including retail insurance.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Lloyd’s Strategy 2016–2018 25
Lloyd’s Key Risks
The prevailing macro-economic and industry conditions give
rise to a number of current and future risks. The most critical
risks are highlighted for management focus through Lloyd’s risk
framework. A summary of these risks is provided below, outlining
the risk, a description of the potential impact and an overview of
the mitigating actions put in place to ensure risk exposures are
at a suitable level.
Risk Impact on Lloyd’s Mitigation
Catastrophe risk Lloyd’s businesses suffer — Continue to closely monitor and respond to
losses or erode their the market risk appetite measures
capital base through — Managing agents constantly monitor exposures
material aggregations around the world in accordance with Lloyd’s
of risks or insufficient minimum standards
monitoring processes. — Development of the analysis and consideration
of non-modelled risks
— Monitoring and identification of emerging risks
— Market oversight framework detailing annual
review activity
Insurance cycle Lloyd’s businesses — Syndicate business plan and capital approval
suffer losses or erode processes enable consistent and robust challenge
their capital base due to premium growth and ensure loss ratios are
to inappropriate realistic given the market underwriting conditions
underwriting in and managing agents’ capabilities
challenging market — Close monitoring of syndicates’ performance
conditions or failure in against approved business plans ensure they do
management controls. not materially deviate from the approved plan or,
where they do, that the changes are acceptable
— Market oversight framework detailing annual
review activity to include thematic reviews
into specific trends and classes of business
— Continue to closely monitor and respond to
the market risk appetite measures
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Strategic Update 26
Lloyd’s Key Risks
continued
Risk Impact on Lloyd’s Mitigation
Process and technology Failure to deliver process — Strong central governance to manage delivery
change and resilience change or maintain risks associated to change programmes
operational resilience — Detailed project risk assessments
could mean that placing — Contingency plans for the failure of key processes
business in the Lloyd’s or outsource providers to ensure a recovery
market is inefficient, of services or workaround processes at the
costly and no Corporation and in the market
longer attractive.
Significant regulatory Lloyd’s sees its — Syndicate business plan and continue to lobby to
change across multiple competitive position influence the evolution of UK, European and global
jurisdictions weakened, suffers regulatory frameworks to maintain the competitive
regulatory penalties or position of the market
disadvantageous capital — Ongoing assurance programme for the conduct
position in new and risk minimum standard
existing territories.
Uncertain outcomes The impact of a vote — Close monitoring and assessment of the potential
from a referendum on in favour of leaving impact on Lloyd’s business
UK membership of the the European Union — Contingency planning to ensure continued access
European Union is uncertain but could to EU markets under a variety of scenarios
impact Lloyd’s access
to the European
(re)insurance market.
Unstable economic, Lloyd’s suffers increased — Close monitoring and ongoing monitoring and
financial and political insurance liabilities, oversight of asset dispositions and asset risk
climate decreased asset values concentrations
or restricted access — Relevant stress and scenario testing, including
to capital. economic slowdown in the Chinese economy
and Brexit
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Lloyd’s Strategy 2016–2018 27
Overview of Lloyd’s Performance Metrics Framework
Lloyd’s performance metrics cascade from Lloyd’s strategy and the associated performance
Vision 2025: To be the global centre for specialist metrics framework are reviewed annually to ensure
insurance and reinsurance. they remain appropriate. The remuneration of
Corporation Directors is influenced by progress
Vision 2025 is divided into eight strategic priorities. against these milestones and performance
Each priority has a delivery plan comprising indicators. Corporation employees are assessed
milestones and annual key performance indicators against personal objectives designed to meet
(KPIs) and activities. These form a hierarchy of the performance indicators relevant to their role.
metrics ranging from the vision to annual KPIs for
each strategic priority. The most material milestones and annual KPIs are
listed for each strategic priority.
Performance metrics framework (Figure 3)
Vision 2025 1
Strategic priority objective 2
Interim milestones (to end 2018) 3
Annual KPIs 3
Notes:
1 Related market-performance metrics: annual market ROC; annual market COR; annual market investment return
2 ‘End state’ descriptions for each strategic priority
3 Many of which are project milestones, given the significant volume of change activity
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Strategic Update 28
Market Oversight
Approach and Rationale
The unique nature of Lloyd’s, as a market of The Corporation has published the second annual
independent businesses backed by a mutual Central supervision oversight plan. This provides managing
Fund, requires the Corporation to play a supervisory agents with the Corporation’s view of the risks and
role. This role covers performance management, issues facing the market and gives transparency over
capital setting and risk management. It is also critical the Corporation’s planned oversight activity to manage
that Lloyd’s market oversight is supportive of those risks. The plan outlines the framework for the
sustainable profitable growth and innovation, and supervision of the Lloyd’s market and key activities
is valued by all stakeholders. for the year. In addition, syndicates receive individual
supervisory letters. This approach ensures that
As industry conditions remain challenging, Market oversight activity is targeted and risk-based.
Oversight remains a priority for the Corporation and
market participants alike. Ensuring that oversight is
appropriately calibrated between protection and
growth is an ongoing task, requiring dialogue between
the Corporation, managing agents and regulators.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Lloyd's Strategy 2016–2018 29
What success looks like Major 2016 Corporation actions
Vision 2025 — Undertake ongoing oversight responsibilities
— Lloyd’s will be a risk selector, and a market including:
where entrepreneurialism and innovation
will thrive, underpinned by robust risk and — carry out the 2017 Syndicate Business
performance management. Planning and Capital Setting process,
ensuring robust review and challenge;
— Lloyd’s will be larger than today, predicated — monitor performance of managing agents
on sustainable, profitable growth after allowing and syndicates against plans, guidelines,
for movements in the underwriting cycle. reserving, and Lloyd’s minimum standards;
Its performance will outstrip that of its — monitor market risk profile against risk
competitor group. appetites, escalating issues as appropriate
and implementing risk mitigation strategies
where necessary; and
Interim milestones (to end 2018) — complete implementation of the market
— Lloyd’s combined ratio is better than its primary oversight framework, including delivery of
competitor group over the five year period. targeted risk-based oversight plans. Ensure
the framework supports profitable growth.
— Central Fund undertakings are within Lloyd’s
risk appetite. — Implement changes to the Syndicate Business
Planning and Capital Setting process and the
— Lloyd’s oversight framework is effective in Lloyd’s New Entrant process.
managing risk in the market and is demonstrably
risk based and efficient. — Review Lloyd’s plans in response to
a market-turning event.
— Lloyd’s oversight framework is demonstrably
supportive of profitable growth where market — Deliver Class of Business thought leadership
conditions and managing agent capabilities allow. including new insight products for the market.
2016 KPIs
— No new Central Fund dependent members
other than as a result of a significant event.
— Lloyd’s 2016 combined ratio performance
is better than its primary competitor group.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Strategic Update 30
Global Market Access
Approach and Rationale
Access to international insurance markets is one Efforts to increase Lloyd’s presence in developing
of Lloyd’s most important assets. A key strand of economies will not be at the expense of Lloyd’s
Vision 2025 is the protection and expansion of position in established insurance markets. Maintaining
this access. Lloyd’s is pursuing new trading rights and defending existing access is an increasingly
in developing markets which will be supported by significant component of the Corporation’s work.
effective operational infrastructure. This access will Building on existing relationships with distribution
reflect ongoing and long-term shifts in the global partners, clients and regulators continues to be
economy and the dispersal of insurance capacity. a major focus.
In some territories, commercial or regulatory Broker relationships will remain core to the future
requirements may require local presence. The success of Lloyd’s. These relationships span
prioritisation of new trading rights and the form global and specialist brokers; local market brokers
of access is agreed by the market and Corporation (particularly in developing economies); and delegated
working in partnership to consider opportunities arrangements with local market participants. The
on a territory by territory basis. This work takes into consolidation of both brokers and insurers continues,
account forecast insurance market development, raising the threshold level for ‘relevance’ in an
legislative developments, local placement trends increasingly globalised market. Lloyd’s will consider
and managing agent appetite. The aim is to create how best to aggregate capacity in response to this
access in the short-term which leaves Lloyd’s well trend and to evolving broker and client demands.
positioned for opportunities over the medium
to longer term. The focus for 2016 will be on
embedding recently acquired trading rights
and making significant progress in negotiations
already underway.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Lloyd's Strategy 2016–2018 31
What success looks like Major 2016 Corporation actions
Vision 2025 Trading rights and international operations
— Lloyd’s will be able to access all major international — Monitor and respond to legislative, regulatory
insurance markets, including emerging markets, and tax developments to defend Lloyd’s
through its global licence network. trading rights.
— The increase in premium income in the largest — Pursue trading rights in India, Malaysia,
10 developed economies will track or slightly Turkey and Tanzania.
exceed increases in non-life premium.1 In the
largest 10 developing economies, at times growth — Establish co-location offices in India, Malaysia,
would be expected to exceed non-life premium1 Colombia and Sydney. Develop support
as the specialist risk sector develops and operations for new offices in India and Malaysia.
insurance penetration increases.
— Effective implementation of C-ROSS in China.
— Lloyd’s will have a local presence, in some cases
local establishment, in international markets, — Develop tax strategy for conducting business
where this is a commercial or regulatory in new territories.
requirement for business access.
— Deliver strategic relationship management
— Lloyd’s will be a broker market and will build on plans with managing agents/group owners.
its relationships with the larger brokers, as well
as encouraging other specialist brokers. Lloyd’s — Encourage managing agent participation
will provide efficient access to local markets on co-located platforms.
through service companies, coverholders and
local brokers. It will be as easy to access Lloyd’s — Review Lloyd’s strategy in established
as any local carrier. global/regional hubs.
— Develop contingency plan for Brexit.
Interim milestones (to end 2018)
— Enhancements to, and the defence of, Lloyd’s Support for existing business
Global Market Access offer lead to demonstrable — Continue market development activities
profitable growth. and ongoing publication of market
intelligence products.
— New trading rights in five developing economies,
subject to business cases and favourable — Commence work on future coverholder
political climates. model and review consortia administrative
and oversight arrangements.
— Lloyd’s distribution channels will expand, both
in number and geographically, and Lloyd’s will grow — Deliver market development support in all
its premiums from its major distribution partners. countries where Lloyd’s has a presence.
Broker relationships
2016 KPIs — Global implementation of broker relationship
— Defend existing licences – no material impairment management and deliver action plans with
to existing trading rights. key Lloyd’s producing brokers.
— Subject to business cases and favourable political — Deliver 2016 Global Development
climates, gain at least two new licences/trading Centre programmes.
rights/permissions to trade.
— Increased relationships with all types of 1 Excluding Motor, PA and Health business
distribution partner, including: global, wholesale
and specialist brokers and coverholders.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Strategic Update 32
Ease of Doing Business
Approach and Rationale
Addressing the operational challenges being faced The overall programme of work – the London
by the London market is a high priority and the Market Target Operating Model (TOM) – along
required change can only be delivered by the whole with Lloyd’s-specific elements, aims to provide:
market working together. By working in partnership
to build an industry-leading infrastructure and service — a market with 21st century processes
proposition covering the London market, international and infrastructure;
operations and delegated authorities, Lloyd’s aims to
make the market more attractive to existing and new — improved access to, and from, global
business in London and in local markets alike. insurance markets;
— increased efficiency, reduced administrative
burden and consequently reduced
frictional costs;
— a suite of central services for
non-competitive activities; and
— improved access to, and smarter
use of, Lloyd’s market data.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Lloyd's Strategy 2016–2018 33
What success looks like Major 2016 Corporation actions
Vision 2025 Support for LMG led London Market Target
— Lloyd’s will offer access to underwriting expertise Operating Model
and capacity in the most efficient way to meet — Continue to provide project management support
brokers’ and clients’ needs, including through a and resources across all workstreams, including:
face-to-face subscription market. Lloyd’s world
class underwriting and claims management will — Central Services Refresh Programme: launch
be supported by efficient central services and e-accounting for both premium and claims
seamless processing. submissions; launch an online submission
portal for brokers and service companies;
— Lloyd’s distribution chain will be optimised through — Electronic Support for Placing (Placing Platform
the efficient use of technology. Limited): go live with pilot and an agreed roll out
plan for other classes of business;
— Lloyd’s will provide efficient access to local — Delegated Authority: improve functionality
markets through service companies, coverholders and data integration of coverholder systems,
and local brokers. It will be as easy to access further streamline coverholder audits;
Lloyd’s as any local carrier. — Data Management: design of capability to
enable one-touch data capture; and
— TOM programme governance: develop
Interim milestones (to end 2018) blueprint to clarify overall business case,
— It will be as easy to deal with Lloyd’s as other scope and timelines.
insurance markets. Doing business in the
Lloyd’s market will be more attractive through Corporation operational efficiency
increased efficiency in major components of — Extend governance and stewardship over
its operating model. the Corporation’s data.
— Removal of two-thirds of the London specific — Continue to implement process improvements
back-office processes that have been identified for key Corporation processes.
as one of the factors hindering placing of business
at Lloyd’s.
— Lloyd’s will be among the top performing
claims players globally. Improvements in speed
and quality, across the entire claims life cycle,
will be maintained.
— Flexible, efficient and fit for purpose Corporation
processes and best practice data capability.
2016 KPIs
— Deliver 2016 TOM milestones for all
major workstreams.
— Central Services Refresh Programme:
capabilities in place for market players to
remove London-specific processes identified
for elimination in 2016.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Strategic Update 34
Capital
Approach and Rationale
Maintaining the attractiveness of Lloyd’s to a range Lloyd’s focus in recent years has been on meeting
of capital providers will underpin the market’s future the requirements of Solvency II ahead of its
success. Further increasing the diversity of the implementation from 1 January 2016. Lloyd’s has
market’s capital base, both by type and by geography, been successful in this task. The focus now is to
is an important objective. consider Lloyd’s future capital strategy within the
Solvency II framework. This will include determining:
— future capitalisation through consideration of the
optimal balance between prudence and efficiency;
— future financial strength and ratings; and
— the impact of internationalising Lloyd’s business
model and any potential associated regulatory
capital requirements.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Lloyd's Strategy 2016–2018 35
What success looks like Major 2016 Corporation actions
Vision 2025 Maintain Lloyd’s Solvency II programme
— Lloyd’s will be a mutual supported by a Central — Continue development and validation of
Fund, so it will always be more capital efficient Lloyd’s Internal Model.
to trade inside Lloyd’s than outside.
— Continue oversight of syndicates’ adherence
— Lloyd’s capital base will be globally diverse. to the Solvency II tests and standards.
There will be overseas trade capital bringing
in new specialist business and people to Lloyd’s — Complete implementation of Pillar 3.
from countries where Lloyd’s needs to increase
its market share. Capital structure
— Develop effective models for providing overseas
— New entrants will be encouraged, including regulatory funding.
overseas trade capital providers with a franchise
as well as all other innovative, entrepreneurial — Investigate options for enhancing Lloyd’s
start-ups. capital structure.
— Explore possible options for more efficient
Interim milestones (to end 2018) structures for members.
— Lloyd’s capital strength and diversity will provide
demonstrable security to policyholders. New trade capital
— Continue Structured Relationship Management
— Lloyd’s capital structure will be optimised Programme activities with potential new trade
and simplified. capital providers.
— Lloyd’s will remain attractive to, and – subject to
market conditions – see growth in, all types of
capital providers (private, trade, institutional) and
in the geographic diversity of the market’s capital
base. There will be five new trade capital providers.
2016 KPIs
— Lloyd’s financial strength ratings are on a par
with its primary competitor group.
— New trade capital entrants from
developing economies.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Strategic Update 36
Innovation
Approach and Rationale
Lloyd’s has a reputation for innovation and will build The Corporation has a role in facilitating innovation
on this in the coming years. The aim of this priority and product development. This is delivered through
is to enhance Lloyd’s activity in respect of product pioneering thought leadership and support for
innovation, thought leadership, and alternative capital market participants at the ‘pre-competitive’ stage
and alternative products. of product development.
The existing strengths and expertise of the market,
combined with developments in analytics and
technology, provide a strong basis from which to
develop this capacity for innovation into a sustainable
competitive advantage.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Lloyd's Strategy 2016–2018 37
What success looks like Major 2016 Corporation actions
Vision 2025 — Publish a Lloyd’s loss ratio index.
— Lloyd’s will be a risk selector and a market
where entrepreneurialism and innovation — Continue to encourage alternative
will thrive, underpinned by robust risk and capital to participate at Lloyd’s through
performance management. an engagement programme.
— Continue to identify product gaps and facilitate
Interim milestones (to end 2018) product development in the market.
— Lloyd’s will embrace alternative capital and new
products and processes. There will be an increase — Address any identified areas for improvement
in both the number of non-traditional capital through the thought leadership benchmarking
providers investing at Lloyd’s and non-traditional exercises for insurance company management
products being traded at Lloyd’s. and for emerging risks.
— Lloyd’s reputation for innovation will be
demonstrably enhanced.
2016 KPIs
— Lloyd’s Index established.
— Increased positive perception of Lloyd’s reputation
for innovation as measured by an increase in the
number of net positive international and trade
press references.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Strategic Update 38
Talent
Approach and Rationale
Lloyd’s has a reputation for a breadth and depth Lloyd’s is committed to attracting, retaining
of expertise in specialist risk. This arises in part and developing the best talent through a high
through the clustering benefits of the London performance culture, best practice and
insurance market. The whole market has an interest inspirational leadership.
in ensuring that relevant skills, capabilities and
knowledge are acquired and developed in order Diversity and inclusion is good for business and
to reinforce this differentiator. remains a priority. The Corporation and market work
in partnership, through Inclusion@Lloyd’s, to embrace
London market participants are working to raise and embed diversity by widening perspectives and
awareness of the sector with individuals who might sharing best practice.
not otherwise be attracted to insurance. This will
become increasingly important as the ‘baby boom’
generation transitions into retirement.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Lloyd's Strategy 2016–2018 39
What success looks like Major 2016 Corporation actions
Vision 2025 Talent learning and development
— Lloyd’s will be a place where talented, diverse and — Continue roll-out of high quality leadership and
socially responsible employees feel proud to work. management training for leaders and managers
It will attract the best talent and will provide an in Lloyd’s.
accelerated career path for the progression of
high achievers. Lloyd’s will be a diverse and — Lead and support talent development activity
inclusive market. Its people will increasingly mirror across the Corporation and market, including
the geographic origin of the market’s business a refreshed mentoring programme and a
and capital. market-wide Learning Week.
— Develop the framework and curriculum for
Interim milestones (to end 2018) Lloyd’s University.
— The market’s workforce will have the skills,
capabilities and knowledge to ensure that — Where relevant, develop external talent pools
expertise is a competitive differentiator for as part of Corporation succession planning.
Lloyd’s. The attraction and retention of high
calibre employees will be increased. Diversity and inclusion
— Continue to support and encourage Corporation
— The market’s workforce will be significantly and market participation in Inclusion@Lloyds.
more diverse and inclusive. Diversity and inclusion
will be integrated into Lloyd’s culture. — Develop a diversity and inclusion scorecard
for use within the Corporation and to share with
the market.
2016 KPIs
— Refreshed graduate and apprentice schemes — Provide ongoing diversity and inclusion training
delivered for the benefit of the market and the for Corporation leaders and awareness training for
Corporation; and talent management and all employees.
development is integrated into the way the
Corporation does business.
— Develop and grow diversity and inclusion in the
market and the Corporation.
2015 Corporation employee segmentation figures
UK 821
Non-UK 174
Executive Head of Manager Professional/ Administrative Total
Team function Technical
Female 4 6 111 241 168 530
Male 5 33 183 179 65 465
Total 9 39 294 420 233 995
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Strategic Update 40
Brand
Approach and Rationale
Lloyd’s 328-year old brand is globally recognised
and highly valued both within the insurance industry
and broader society. The positive role Lloyd’s plays
in times of crisis is well documented and the current
strength and buoyancy of the marketplace is held
in high regard.
Nonetheless, as globalisation gathers pace
and competition intensifies, there is no time for
complacency. A programme of work intended
to protect the Lloyd’s brand and ensure its future
power and relevance has commenced with the
full support of the market.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Lloyd's Strategy 2016–2018 41
What success looks like Major 2016 Corporation actions
Vision 2025 — Distil brand research insights and develop
— Lloyd’s will be known around the world for strategic priorities to shape a 12 month plan
its integrity. The Lloyd’s brand will be globally of action by country/region.
admired and recognised. Lloyd’s will be
respected for its reputation as the world’s — Refresh and develop the 2016 marketing plan
specialist centre for (re)insurance. to build world-class and effective global
marketing channels.
Interim milestone (to end 2018) — Develop the visitor online experience of the
— Lloyd’s brand is globally admired and is attractive Lloyd’s website to create positive stronger
to all stakeholders. Lloyd’s brand will rank in the impressions of the Lloyd’s brand.
top quartile of its surveyed competitor group in
Lloyd’s biennial brand survey. — Protect Lloyd’s brand and reputation through
effective public relations response to any
issues arising.
2016 KPIs
— Lloyd’s global brand perceptions understood and — Strengthen Lloyd’s responsible business
appropriate insights developed to optimise business approach and reputation.
and brand strategies in different territories.
— Key brand touchpoints assessed and opportunities
to improve brand perceptions identified by channel
(digital/physical) and/or by audience group
(employees, coverholders, etc.).
— No material impairment to Lloyd’s brand
or reputation.
Brand strength Current position
A strong global brand and positive reputation make Lloyd’s more Lloyd’s has a pre-eminent reputation, achieving consistently
attractive to talent, capital, and clients. Confidence in the brand high scores across key brand measures with brand health at
encourages policyholders and brokers to choose Lloyd’s, creating parity with best in class. Lloyd’s is perceived to outperform
wealth for market participants and, arguably, greater security for best in class competitors on important attributes including
wider society through wider use of insurance for risk transfer. expertise, competitiveness, innovation, its leadership position,
underwriting flexibility and risk appetite.
Vision 2025 created impetus to change the approach to
measuring brand health. In 2015 we introduced a new Brand
Reputation Index based on an independent survey of managing
2015 brand reputation index (maximum 100)
agents/service companies, brokers, coverholders, (re)insurance
policyholders and influencers. This index measures reputation
(trust and advocacy) as well as the drivers of brand reputation
Lloyd’s 83
as they relate to Lloyd’s strategy. The results are aggregated
across the 12 countries surveyed to produce a global score Best in class 83
compared with best in class (re)insurance companies. The
survey will be repeated biennially to track relative changes
in perceptions over time.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Strategic Update 42
Global Corporate Social Responsibility
Approach and Rationale
As a major player in the global economy, it is Lloyd’s also wants to use its experience and expertise
important that Lloyd’s acts responsibly. Lloyd’s is to help communities around the world build resilience
already highly regarded for the corporate social against disasters, including the effects of climate
responsibility activities undertaken in its local change and extreme weather events.
communities. As the market grows and diversifies,
so does this activity.
This responsibility also applies to business
practices. The Lloyd’s market should aspire to the
highest standards in business conduct and ensure
its customers are fairly treated at all times.
Responding to humanitarian disasters Lloyd’s Together
Lloyd’s Charities Trust supports international disaster ‘L loyd’s Together’ programme, launched in 2015,
relief charity RedR to deliver the Ready to Respond provides support and encouragement for Lloyd’s
programme designed to build the capacity of global offices to undertake community and charitable
humanitarians to respond to disasters, especially activities. 18 offices were active in their local
within urban areas. During 2015, Lloyd’s Charities communities during 2015, many in collaboration
Trust supported the training of more than 600 aid with companies in the Lloyd’s market. Initiatives
workers from 99 organisations living and working in ranged from providing solar lamps in East Africa
91 countries and new urban-specific training courses to helping to build affordable housing in Canada.
were developed and delivered in the UK, Jordan
and Pakistan.
Lloyd’s Patriotic Fund
Lloyd’s has been providing support to the UK armed
forces community for over 200 years. Lloyd’s Patriotic
Fund makes grants to support serving and ex-service
personnel and their families, with a particular focus
on those who are disabled or facing poverty, illness
and hardship. Lloyd’s hosts an annual Service of
Remembrance in the Underwriting Room of the
Lloyd’s building and the Lloyd’s and City branch of the
Royal British Legion organises London Poppy Day.
Lloyd’s is a signatory to the Armed Forces Covenant.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Lloyd's Strategy 2016–2018 43
What success looks like Major 2016 Corporation actions
Vision 2025 — Undertake activities to support an ethical
— Lloyd’s will be known around the world for culture and business conduct standards within
its integrity. the Corporation and market.
— Lloyd’s will be a place where talented, diverse — Respond to changing legal and regulatory
and socially responsible employees feel proud responsible business requirements.
to work.
— Initiate disaster resilience initiatives and
promote emerging risk management to
Interim milestone (to end 2018) relevant stakeholders.
— Lloyd’s is a responsible global corporate citizen
through its ethical principles and practices, — Maintain momentum on Lloyd’s social
sharing of knowledge and expertise, and positive and environmental programmes in the
contribution to social and environmental issues. UK and internationally.
2016 KPIs
— Receive recognition by external stakeholders
for Lloyd’s responsible business approach.
— Maintain positive rating by Corporation
employees for Lloyd’s responsible business
approach (85%+ positivity in employee survey).
Lloyd’s Community Programme – Number of volunteers from across the Lloyd’s market supporting programmes in London
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015
1,514 1,883 1,716 2,087 2,666
Lloyd’s greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 2015
Lloyd’s total Lloyd’s total
Out of 2015 GHG 2014 GHG
Scope 1 Scope 2 Scope 3 scopes emissions emissions
(tonnes CO e) (tonnes CO e) (tonnes CO e) (tonnes CO e) (tonnes CO e) (tonnes CO e)
2 2 2 2 2 2
UK 1,276 9,122 3,179 <1 13,577 13,678
International offices 7 825 421 – 1,254 1,442
Lloyd’s 2015 total reported
GHG emissions 14,831 15,120
Lloyd’s total reported greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions in 2015 were 14,831 tonnes of COe, which is a decrease of 2% against 2014. This year’s decrease has been driven primarily by
2
a 9% reduction in electricity related emissions. In the UK this is mostly due to the decarbonisation of UK grid electricity and reduced electricity consumption in the Lloyd’s London
building. GHG emissions from international offices also decreased by 13% as reporting improved. In contrast, there was a rise of 65% in 2015 air travel emissions as Lloyd’s increased
activity in emerging markets led to an increase in overall flights – offset by buying carbon credits. In 2015 the World Resource Institute introduced a ‘dual reporting’ update to the GHG
protocol requiring organisations to report two numbers for scope 2 emissions: location-based (in the table above) and market-based (5,709 tCOe). Market-based emissions are lower
2
due to the fact that Lloyd’s UK sites use 100% renewable energy. A more detailed statement on Lloyd’s GHG emissions is available at: www.lloyds.com/ghgemissions
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Strategic Update 44
Delivering the Strategy
Corporation’s role Managing agents
— Maintain the market oversight framework, built — Operate in a professional and profitable manner,
upon minimum standards, and ensure that is ensuring good customer outcomes and with the
supportive of profitable growth and new business freedom to participate in whichever type of
development where appropriate. business they choose within their risk appetites
and an agreed business plan.
— Defend existing licence arrangements and access
to markets, and seek new trading rights where — Make decisions on underwriting new business
there is market demand. and to pursue opportunities in developed and
developing economies where aligned with their
— Undertake market development internationally, own strategies.
including promotional, educational and relationship
management activities aimed at brokers, — Conduct business in line with agreed market
coverholders and risk managers. process standards (e.g. ACORD).
— Work closely with the London Market Group, — Work with brokers and the Corporation to help
other associations and market participants to deliver innovative risk management solutions
make the transaction of insurance business at for clients.
Lloyd’s (from placement to claims settlement)
as efficient as possible. — Promote talent and diversity and inclusion
in their organisations.
— Determine Lloyd’s capital structure and maintain
its financial strength and capital efficiency.
Set appropriate capital levels at member and
central level.
— Provide supporting frameworks and structures,
and address constraints, in order to allow new
innovative products and alternative capital
propositions to thrive at Lloyd’s.
— Work with the market to attract, develop and retain
a diverse range of talent with the appropriate skills
and expertise.
— Protect and promote Lloyd’s brand and
reputation globally.
— Encourage market participants to be good
corporate citizens.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Lloyd’s Strategy 2016–2018 45
Brokers Members’ agents
— Maintain high professional standards in their — Support existing private capital providers and
business, ensuring that the interests of clients facilitate the introduction of new private capital.
are held paramount.
— Engage with the Corporation and managing
agents to support change so that the Lloyd’s
market meets the needs of clients in the most
effective manner.
— Conduct business in line with agreed market
process standards (e.g. ACORD).
— Work with managing agents and the Corporation
to help deliver innovative risk management
solutions for clients.
— Promote talent and diversity and inclusion in
their organisations.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market
Performance
Strategic Update 46
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Performance 47
Highlights — Profit before tax of £2,122m — Overall surplus on prior years of
(2014: £3,016m) and a combined £1,621m (2014: £1,571m)
2015 ratio of 90.0% (2014: 88.4%)
— Pre-tax return on capital of 9.1%
— Total investment return of £402m (2014: 14.1%)
(2014: £1,038m)
Underwriting result by class* Combined ratio by class*
£m %
Reinsurance 904 Reinsurance 86.7
Property 501 Property 90.1
Casualty (5) Casualty 100.1
Marine 108 Marine 94.2
Energy 247 Energy 76.0
Motor (17) Motor 102.0
Aviation 19 Aviation 95.7
Life (3) Life 104.4
* T he combined ratio for the market The Lloyd’s market achieved a Investment return was very low at
and by class of business is the ratio pre-tax profit of £2,122m in 2015 0.7%, representing the lowest level
of net incurred claims and net operating (2014: £3,016m) and a combined seen since we started to report on
expenses to net earned premiums. ratio of 90.0% (2014: 88.4%), an annual accounting basis for the
The prior year reserve movement which represents a return on 2001 year-end.
represents the ratio of the surplus/deficit capital of 9.1% (2014: 14.1%).
arising on reserves set at December 2014 On an accident year basis, 2015
to overall net earned premiums in 2015 was marked by some saw a reported deterioration in
calendar year 2015. The overall combined sizeable risk losses, notably in the underwriting performance
ratio includes central adjustments in the offshore energy sector and as market conditions remained
the technical account in respect of from the explosion at Tianjin Port challenging. Several of Lloyd’s
transactions between syndicates and in China. However, for the third core classes of business reported
the Society as described in notes 3 consecutive year, aggregate major accident year losses, relying
and 10 to the PFFS (pages 68 and 82). claims and insured catastrophe on prior year reserves releases
The combined ratios and results for events were below the long-term to report overall profits. The
individual classes of business do not average. Indeed the level of reserving methodology for setting
include these adjustments as the market claims to Lloyd’s from natural initial loss estimates on these
commentary for each class reflects catastrophes was extraordinarily varies between syndicates.
trading conditions at syndicate level as low, at less than £100m. There are a significant number
reported in syndicate annual accounts. that reserve prudently, which
The underwriting results and combined The underwriting result also contributes to the observed trend
ratio tables include the results of all life benefited from prior year of relatively high accident year
and non-life syndicates transacting releases which accounted for ratios, which reduce over time as
business during 2015. The results and net £1,621m (2014: £1,571m), reducing they book releases from reserves.
assets for life syndicates are not material the combined ratio by 7.9%
and have not been separately disclosed (2014: 8.1%). This level of release Rate decreases continued
in the profit and loss account and balance is consistent with previous years across the market in 2015, with
sheet. The results for life business have and is supported by the strong competition within the reinsurance
been reported in the segmental analysis, level of claims reserves. sector intense as traditional and
note 11 on page 83. alternative capital continues to
be attracted to the industry.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Strategic Update 48
Aviation, Energy and Property Innovators and those willing to was evident in energy and motor
sectors also experienced intense embrace transformational change, classes. In the case of energy,
rating pressure. Profitable growth not least in distribution and new this was largely due to reduced
opportunities continue to be market business development, will economic activity in the sector
somewhat constrained by be better positioned to take and growing competitive pressure.
weaknesses in the global economy. advantage. In addition, and as ever, The contraction in UK motor
the need for underwriting discipline premium was largely due to one
The level of expenses as a remains of paramount importance. prominent market participant
proportion of net earned premiums exiting the class.
continues to increase and erodes 2015 performance
underwriting margins. Gross written premium for the year The significant over-capacity
increased to £26,690m compared continued to drive downward
Looking ahead with £25,259m in 2014. US dollar movement in rates across the
The absence of large catastrophe denominated business accounts property catastrophe reinsurance,
losses in particular has meant for the largest share of business energy and aviation classes.
that industry capital remains at at Lloyd’s. The average exchange The underlying accident year
record levels. This had a more rate in 2015 was US$1.53: £1 ratio, excluding major claims,
detrimental than expected impact compared with US$1.65: £1 in 2014. was 94.4% (2014: 93.1%) reflecting
on underwriting conditions in 2015. The strong US dollar increased the challenging market conditions.
Following the January renewal premiums as reported in converted
season early indicators suggest sterling by 4.6%. Adjusting for Major claims
that there has been no change the impact of exchange rate For the Lloyd’s market, major
in the direction of travel. movements, the increase in claims were £724m in 2015
gross written premium was 1.1%. (2014: £670m), net of reinsurance
Premium volumes are likely to and including reinstatements
remain under pressure as the The overall price change (taking payable and receivable.
year progresses. The challenging into account terms and conditions)
conditions in the insurance sector, on renewal business was a There were few notable insured
greater local market risk appetite, decrease of 4.6%. Year-on-year natural catastrophe events with
and higher retentions cannot growth in premium income in the largest losses arising from
be divorced from continuing underlying currency was once winter weather in the USA. While
concerns in the broader more lower than originally planned the UK experienced its own severe
economic environment. by the syndicates. With the growth weather and flooding in December
in global insurance industry capital 2015, the level of insurance claims
Similarly, in some regions the again stronger than demand, from the storms is not expected to
political landscape is becoming less competition continued to intensify be significant to the Lloyd’s market.
certain. There is growing tension in most lines. Aside from rate
in the Middle East and in Russia. reductions, some weakening in In terms of man-made losses, the
other terms and conditions and the offshore energy sector was
In an insurance market and widening of coverage were evident. affected by a series of large
economy such as this, syndicates events, four of particular note.
need to demonstrate meaningful During the year, there continued to So far claims from China’s Tianjin
flexibility at short notice. be growth in casualty classes and Port explosion have been largely
other specialty lines in the Lloyd’s marine related. There were several
market. Meanwhile, contraction large losses in the aviation and
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Performance 49
space sectors, including the tragic experience. The strong level of In June 2015, Lloyd’s wrote to all
Germanwings airline disaster. claims reserves continues to syndicates in respect of the level
support the releases that have of casualty reserves held for the
Prior year movement been seen. 2013 and 2014 underwriting years.
The combined ratio has been Lloyd’s has carried out a focused
reduced by 7.9% (2014: 8.1%) In aggregate actual claims review on these years over 2015
through material prior year reserve that have come through in 2015 calendar year to investigate the
releases. The release represents are significantly below projected drivers of this concern. Although
5.5% (2014: 5.5%) of net claims levels. The development of the 2015 calendar year had a prior
reserves brought forward at business written in the soft year release of 7.9%, this was
1 January. market conditions of 1997-2001 driven by the older years of
continues to be within account (2012 and prior), rather
This was the eleventh successive expectations and to contribute than the most recent underwriting
year of prior year surpluses. to the surplus generated, as do years where concerns remain.
Reserving is directly influenced by all the older years of account Lloyd’s will continue to monitor
market conditions and actual (2006 and prior). reserves closely and react
accordingly to ensure that
adequate market discipline is
Major claims Accident year excl. major claims
being maintained particularly
% of NEP % on the longer-tailed classes.
2011 25.5 2011 87.8
In aggregate the estimates for
2012 9.7 2012 88.6
major catastrophe events from
2013 4.4 2013 90.4 recent years, have proved to be
2014 3.4 2014 93.1 adequate.
2015 3.5 2015 94.4
Although Lloyd’s continues to
Five-year average 9.3 Five-year average 90.9 hold material reserves for older
Ten-year average 7.8 Ten-year average 89.0 years, the potential for further
surpluses to materialise is now
more dependent on the
Lloyd’s major losses: net ultimate claims
robustness of reserves for
more recent years. In support
of these stable reserves, a number
of managing agents have adopted
a prudent initial reserving policy
which has resulted in surpluses
arising in later years. This approach
is transparent within Lloyd’s
oversight regime, as underlying
best estimate reserves are
captured both within independent
statements of actuarial opinion
and Solvency II reporting.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015
482
0002
565,3
1002
923
2002
381
3002
276,1
4002
204,4
5002
06
6002
375
7002
339,1
8002
383
9002
463,2
0102
558,4
1102
578,1
2102
888
3102
176
4102
427
5102
£m
21 year average 1,289 15 year average 1,602
Indexed for inflation to 2015. Claims in foreign currency translated at the exchange
rates prevailing at the date of loss.

Strategic Update 50
For the absolute amount of experience. No negative account was able to report a good
reserve releases to continue settlement trends have been underwriting profit. This 2013 pure
at levels experienced recently, witnessed. Lloyd’s outward year profit was boosted by the
that depends on actual claims reinsurance spend has remained addition of releases from prior
development falling below stable (21% of GWP), but there years totalling £1,038m on the
projections. Reserve setting has been a moderate increase 2012 and prior reinsurance to close
is a complex and challenging in the scale of reinsurance being (RITC) (2011 and prior £1,119m),
area and claims estimates are purchased. While reducing margins which meant the year closed
inherently uncertain, particularly on Lloyd’s inward reinsurance with an overall profit of £2,285m.
in the lines of business written book have been witnessed, there
by Lloyd’s. have also been reductions in Four years of account were in
outward reinsurance costs relative run-off at the beginning of 2015.
Consequently, oversight of this to the exposures being ceded. Two of those were closed at the
area remains a focus for Lloyd’s end of 2015 but two syndicates
and future results may vary Result for the closed year and were unable to close their 2013
considerably from the significant run-off years of account year of account at the year end
surplus observed in 2015. Under Lloyd’s three-year and, therefore, the number of
accounting policy for final open years remains at four.
Reinsurance protection distribution of each underwriting
The credit quality of the Lloyd’s year of account, the 2013 account In aggregate, run-off years
market’s reinsurance protections reached closure at 31 December reported a small surplus of £8m
remain extremely high with 95%+ 2015. After three calendar years of including investment income
of all recoveries and reinsurance significant major insurance events, (2014: surplus of £18m). The 2015
premium ceded being with 2013 benefited from a relatively result is as expected for the four
reinsurers rated ‘A-’ and above, benign level of large insurance years of account, that were in
or supported by collateral. While claims. The most significant run-off during 2015.
the Reinsurance Asset is a material insured event was in Alberta,
consideration for Lloyd’s (equivalent Canada where flooding followed The results of the major classes
to 32% of GWP/38% of members’ heavy rainfall and there was also of business are discussed in detail
capital) it has remained stable flooding in central Europe. With on pages 52-59.
and consistent with the scale of this lower than normal level of major
risk transfer and recent loss claims, the 2013 pure year of Investment review
The investment environment and
resulting returns in 2015 were
Prior year reserve movement Years of account in run-off dominated by events in the second
half of the year. This was reflected
% of NEP %
in the market’s investment return
2011 (6.5) 2011 7 of £402m. Of this amount £339m
2012 (7.2) 2012 8 was achieved in the first half of the
year with just £63m coming from
2013 (8.0) 2013 6
the last six months. The total
2014 (8.1) 2014 4 investment return of £402m is the
2015 (7.9) 2015 4 lowest recorded by the Lloyd’s
market since it began producing
Combined ratio annual accounts in 2001.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Performance 51
June saw Greece’s debt situation Syndicate premium assets form of assets was also low by
emerge as the year’s first major the largest element of investment comparison to previous years
source of volatility but investor assets at Lloyd’s. Managing with equity and growth assets
concern was short lived as Greece agents have responsibility for delivering poor returns and cash
and its creditors agreed a third the investment of these assets, and fixed interest generating a
bailout in August. Attention then which are used to meet insurance continued low level of return.
turned to the economic slowdown claims as they become payable.
in China which became the most The aggregate asset disposition The investment return on Lloyd’s
significant source of volatility reflects the conservative central assets is also included in
marked by an abrupt fall in risk investment policy pursued by the PFFS. This was £43m or 1.5%
asset values followed by a prompt agents. Cash and high quality, in 2015 (2014: £94m, 3.6%). The
recovery in October. Energy shorter duration, fixed interest investment performance of central
prices fell over the year as supply investments constitute a majority assets is discussed on page 133.
continued to outpace demand. share with exposure to more
Finally, December saw the US volatile equity and growth assets Results summary
Federal Reserve execute its first tending to make up one tenth of Lloyd’s reported a profit before tax
rate increase in several years. the whole. for the financial year of £2,122m
Whilst this event had the potential (2014: £3,016m) and a combined
to fuel volatility, its wide anticipation Overall, syndicate investments ratio of 90.0% (2014: 88.4%).
and careful planning helped secure returned £273m, or 0.8% in 2015 The PFFS aggregates the results
its fairly benign impact. (2014: £742m, 2.2%). Investments of the syndicate annual accounts,
are valued at market prices and notional investment return on
Risk assets generally suffered unrealised gains and losses are funds at Lloyd’s (FAL) and the
amidst the market turbulence but included within reported investment Society of Lloyd’s financial
returns varied by asset type. returns. Investment returns were statements. The basis of
Developed equity markets finished low by comparison to previous preparation of the PFFS is
the year with a positive, albeit low, years. Exposure to equity and set out in note 3 on page 67.
level of return whilst emerging growth assets proved not to be a The syndicate annual accounts
equity markets generated losses. source of additional return this year reported an aggregate profit
and return from bond investments of £1,950m (2014: £2,716m).
Sovereign bond yields saw a continued to be very low.
modest increase over the year
leading to a small degree of capital Members’ capital is generally held
erosion. Return on investment was centrally at Lloyd’s. A proportion
positive but below the yield level, of this capital is maintained in
as a result. investment assets and managed
at members’ discretion. A notional
Investment grade corporate bonds investment return on members’
experienced some volatility over capital of £86m, or 0.5%
the year with credit spreads (2014: £202m, 1.3%) has been
widening a little over the year. included in the pro forma financial
Overall, corporate bonds statements (PFFS). This is based
outperformed their ‘risk-free’ on the investment disposition of
sovereign counterparts due to the relevant assets and market
their higher ongoing level of yield. index returns. Return on this pool
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Strategic Update 52
Class of business definitions. The increase in annual 2015 performance showed
premiums is due to exchange adverse movement against recent
rate strengthening of US dollar year loss ratios as margins were
Reinsurance – Property denominated business and squeezed. Excess global capacity,
Property catastrophe excess of positive premium adjustments combined with a change in
loss represents the largest class from prior years. reinsurance purchasing strategies
in this segment. Other key sectors led to continued rate decreases
are property facultative, property Prior year movement in most lines throughout the year.
risk excess, property pro rata and The prior year reserve movement
agriculture and hail. was a surplus of 11.1% (2014: 12.2%). Prior year movement
Case reserves and specific The prior year reserve movement
2015 performance provisions for catastrophes have was a surplus of 3.9% (2014: 9.6%).
Lloyd’s gross written premium for remained stable or reduced. There will always be inherent
2015 was £4,627m (2014: £4,472m), This has been further bolstered uncertainty in casualty reserves,
an increase of 3.5%. The Lloyd’s by the release of loads held and especially in challenging
reinsurance property sector within reserves for general market conditions.
reported an accident year ratio catastrophe exposures.
of 87.4% (2014: 89.2%). This class contains motor excess
Looking ahead of loss, where large bodily injury
Once again, property catastrophe As evidenced in weaker pricing claims can be settled using
and facultative reinsurance have and wider terms and conditions, Periodical Payment Orders (PPOs).
experienced limited natural the entire sector remains under There remains an increased risk
catastrophe losses although pressure. In the absence of a for this element due to uncertainties
there were some notable weather reduction in the level of capital in in large awards for bodily injury
related losses which included the sector or a major catastrophe claims; long term inflation and
freeze losses in the USA, a event the pressure on rates and mortality trends will also impact
windstorm in northern Europe contractual terms is likely to the ultimate claims outcomes.
and cyclone damage in Australia. continue through 2016. A key metric is the real rate of
This below average catastrophe return which measures the
experience, combined with a relationship between investment
decrease in attritional activity, Reinsurance – Casualty returns and rates of inflation
has resulted in a decrease in The largest sectors of the casualty given these items have opposing
the accident year ratio. treaty market at Lloyd’s are non- impacts on PPO related results.
marine liability excess of loss and
While property catastrophe US workers compensation. Lloyd’s monitoring continues to
premium prices are still in decline indicate adequate reserving over
due to the availability of capital 2015 performance all prior years.
and positive experience in the Lloyd’s gross written premium for
sector, the rate of decline has 2015 was £1,797m (2014: £1,779m), Looking ahead
slowed in some major markets. an increase of 1.0%. The Lloyd’s The pricing and reserving of UK
casualty sector reported an Motor excess of loss business is
There has been a weakening of accident year ratio of 103.9% perhaps less of a concern with
contractual exclusions, a wider use (2014: 97.2%). many syndicates now writing this
of multiannual contracts and the business on a capitalised basis,
extension of loss occurrence under which exposures are more
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Performance 53
easily quantified. The premium in Lloyd’s reinsurance – specialty claims and claims for fighting at
this sector has also diminished in reported an accident year ratio Libya’s Tripoli Airport. Reserves for
volume in recent years with some of 106.0% (2014: 98.3%). these claims have remained broadly
formerly significant participants stable since 2014 year-end but
having withdrawn. Rates remain While there continued to be a continue to be monitored.
under pressure in other casualty frequency of large facultative
treaty sectors as demand for reinsurance losses in each of the Other large claims, such as Costa
reinsurance amongst larger buyers main specialty sectors, Concordia have seen no further
continues to decline through performance in the corresponding adverse development.
greater retention and further treaty excess of loss classes
consolidation within their proved to be largely satisfactory. Looking ahead
reinsurance programmes. There was some evidence of
Meanwhile available capacity has The level of reinsurance increased rating pressure at the
continued to increase as insurers purchased may indicate why the January 2016 renewals. Further
seek further diversification across direct energy and marine markets softening is anticipated as the year
their portfolios. outperformed their reinsurance progresses with the potential for
counterparts. terms and conditions to weaken in
some areas.
Reinsurance – Specialty This, combined with more than
Marine reinsurance is the largest ample capacity, led to further
sector of the Lloyd’s specialty downward pressure on rates, Property
reinsurance business, followed by particularly at the marine treaty The property sector consists
energy and aviation. renewals. of a broad range of risks written
worldwide. It is made up of
2015 performance Prior year movement predominantly surplus and excess
Gross written premium by sector The prior year reserve movement lines business with a weighting to
was: Marine £1,051m (2014: £990m), was a surplus of 12.7% (2014: 11.8%). the industrial and commercial
Energy £622m (2014: £794m), This class was impacted by some sectors, binding authority business
Aviation £471m (2014: £445m) significant aviation losses in 2014 comprising mainly non-standard
and life £25m (2014: £8m). including the two Malaysian Airline commercial and residential risks,
and specialist classes including
terrorism, power (electricity)
2015 combined ratio Accident Prior year Calendar
generation, engineering and
year reserve year
nuclear risks.
movement
Reinsurance 96.3% (9.6)% 86.7% Business is written through the
Property 94.1% (4.0)% 90.1% broker network with a significant
proportion using the framework
Casualty 104.5% (4.4)% 100.1%
of cover-holders (or managing
Marine 105.4% (11.2)% 94.2% general agencies) and delegated
Energy 97.3% (21.3)% 76.0% authorities.
Motor 109.5% (7.5)% 102.0%
Aviation 113.0% (17.3)% 95.7%
Life 107.3% (2.9)% 104.4%
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Strategic Update 54
2015 performance was a surplus of 4.0% (2014: 7.4%). casualty sector reported an
Lloyd’s gross written premium for Loss estimates for historical accident year ratio of 104.5%
2015 was £6,893m (2014: £6,274m), catastrophes remain stable or have (2014: 100.0%).
an increase of 9.9%. The Lloyd’s reduced. This is further supported
property sector reported an by no adverse development in any The wider casualty market in
accident year ratio of 94.1% of the major lines. 2015 remained replete with
(2014: 95.1%). capacity. This suppressed rate
Looking ahead increases, keeping them below
Excess capacity and increased In the absence of significant widely agreed-upon claims inflation
competition from domestic markets catastrophe events, excess assumptions. This continuing
kept rates under pressure during capacity and domestic market trend is disappointing given that
the year. US excess and surplus competition will contribute to accident year results are loss
lines and binding authority business the maintenance of pressure on making. Inflation remains a risk
continued to see growth although rates during 2016. Nevertheless, but with CPI currently at nil,
in other lines it was more subdued. on binding authority business rate the risk is not immediate.
Competition is still largely confined changes are expected to continue
to rates, with base wordings to be less volatile than in the Growth continues in the casualty
remaining largely unchanged open market. lines. Some of this growth comes
despite some movement in from genuinely new, innovative,
sub-limits. Line size is expected to continue business; cyber liability particularly
to be an issue on open market stands out. These products
Results were positive in most business as syndicates compete continue to develop, addressing
property segments due to the with broker facilities and external rapidly evolving exposures, with
modest level of catastrophe markets, many of which offer many insureds being first time
activity, with only one significant substantial line sizes. buyers. Additionally there is also
event in the international segment: some organic premium growth
the Tianjin port explosion in China illustrating more prosperity as
in August 2015. US performance Casualty insureds experienced higher
was impacted by a combination The casualty market at Lloyd’s turnover, wage rolls and fee
of winter weather during the first comprises a broad range of classes. income reflecting a slowly
quarter of 2015, the South Carolina improving economic environment.
floods in October 2015, and a The most significant are General
series of California wildfire losses. Liability and Professional Liability. Prior year movement
Although shorter-tail in nature than The prior year reserve movement
The death in December 2015 most casualty lines, Accident and was a surplus of 4.4% (2014: 1.9%).
of the thoroughbred racehorse Health business is also included
‘Scat Daddy’ also had a meaningful within this sector. The US market Although the casualty sector
impact upon the performance is the largest single market for continues to generate surpluses
of the bloodstock and livestock Lloyd’s casualty followed by on prior years in aggregate,
account. Attritional losses moved Europe, Canada and Australia. there are concerns around
upward, and there were some reserve strength of more recent
sizeable power losses. 2015 performance years. This is however confined
Lloyd’s gross written premium for to individual classes, years
Prior year movement 2015 was £5,764m (2014: 4,959m), or territories.
The prior year reserve movement an increase of 16.2%. The Lloyd’s
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Performance 55
While there will always be inherent Casualty business is expected Overall, there has been a release
uncertainty in casualty reserves, to continue to grow. The market of reserves in all marine classes.
especially in challenging market remains highly competitive, with
conditions, casualty has been a many participants seeking to Looking ahead
particular focus for 2015 and will expand their books, often Improvements in the global
continue to be closely monitored through delegated underwriting economy will in time improve
over the year ahead. arrangements. trade volumes and insured values.
However, current market conditions
Looking ahead With no lack of appetite among with excess capacity in all lines is
The casualty market’s performance insurers for casualty business, expected to result in further
is highly correlated with the pricing conditions are expected downward rate pressure in 2016.
economic and legal conditions. to weaken further in 2016.
Nevertheless, there has been some
Recovery from the global financial improvement performance in the
crisis remains fragile with many Marine Hull class in the last two years.
economies still vulnerable. Lloyd’s is an industry leader of This is ascribed to the significant
marine insurance business. improvement in the quality of risk
While the legal environment The principal classes include hull, in the world’s commercial fleet,
varies across territories, many cargo, marine liability, fine art and with the average age of vessels
jurisdictions now allow ‘collective specie (the insurance of valuable falling due to the high scrappage
actions’ with third party litigation mobile property such as cash, rate of old vessels.
funding sometimes fuelling the precious metals or jewellery),
trend. This may lead to an increase political risks and war.
in frequency and severity of claims. Energy
2015 performance The Lloyd’s energy sector includes
Regulators continue their pursuit Lloyd’s gross written premium for a variety of onshore and offshore
of corporate wrongdoing via official 2014 was £2,245m (2014: £2,140m), property and liability classes,
investigations, increasingly holding an increase of 4.9%. The Lloyd’s ranging from construction to
business and industry to higher marine sector reported an accident exploration, production, refining
standards of care. While positive in year ratio of 105.4% (2014: 103.7%). and distribution.
many respects, this also contributes
to defence costs making up a larger Performance remains difficult 2015 performance
portion of losses. in Hull and Cargo, Lloyd’s largest Gross written premium for the
marine classes. The abundance Lloyd’s energy sector in 2015
The cyber liability market at of available capacity ensures all was £1,414m (2014: £1,532m),
Lloyd’s continues to expand in classes remain highly competitive a decrease of 7.7%. Most business
response to greater demand. and with rates already relatively in this sector, no matter its country
Lloyd’s has pioneered many of weak, downward pricing pressure of origin, is denominated in US
the products in this class, and has been accompanied by dollars and therefore the impact
remains at the leading edge of increasing limits and broadening of exchange rate movements is
product development through conditions. most clearly shown in this sector.
providing innovative, bespoke, Despite the increase in converted
risk transfer solutions. Prior year movement sterling the fall in insured values
The prior year reserve movement and economic activity has cut
was a surplus of 11.2% (2014: 8.5%). back previous values materially.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Strategic Update 56
The Lloyd’s energy sector reported incurred loss experience across 2015 performance
an accident year ratio of 97.3% the prior years of account. Gross written premium in 2015
(2014: 94.7%). was £1,120m (2014: £1,213m),
Looking ahead a decrease of 7.7%, a decrease
This is a very satisfactory result Low oil prices have resulted in coming in part from the withdrawal
given the offshore energy property a significant reduction in demand from this class of one major
sector suffered a number of for insurance in this sector. As a syndicate. The Lloyd’s motor
significant large losses this year. result, competition remains intense sector reported an accident year
as underwriters compete for a ratio of 109.5% (2014: 107.1%).
Plentiful capacity, attracted by diminishing number of active
favourable recent results has risks and fewer new projects. Underwriting conditions in the UK
contributed to an intense level Motor market remain challenging.
of competition in the offshore The lack of hurricane activity in Claims frequency and severity are
energy sector during the course the Gulf of Mexico has benefited growing. With the price of fuel
of the year. This resulted in recent results. But the region falling in 2015, the average number
significant rate reductions. remains exposed to extreme of miles driven during the year has
In addition, the falling oil price weather events and expansion increased. This, the rising costs
caused oil and gas producers into new offshore fields continues, of labour, parts and materials and
to restrict both exploration and broadening the exposure footprint. concerns surrounding whiplash
investment in new fields leading claims continue to present issues
to a reduced premium base. Maintaining underwriting discipline to this class.
Premium fell in the offshore will be particularly important in
property and construction 2016, allied with close attention Private car rates increased
sectors by more than 30%. to contract wordings and claims towards the end of 2015 reflecting
management. the increase in insurance premium
The onshore energy sector tax (IPT) from 6.5% to 9% in
remains well capitalised; November. Rates are now at 2011
competition for premium Motor levels. The rating environment in
income and market share has Lloyd’s motor market primarily the commercial motor sector was
also intensified despite marginal covers UK private car, commercial slightly more positive, with above
performance. The decline in and fleet business. Private car inflation increases achieved
premium in the offshore property represents around 40% of throughout the year. Claims
book increased pressure on Lloyd’s UK motor premium and frequency remains high with the
the rating of both onshore includes niche motor risks. RTA claims portal showing year
and offshore energy liabilities Lloyd’s commercial and fleet on year increase in claims notified
as underwriters sought to business is very diverse, ranging of 5%. Fraudulent claims activity
cover the lost premium. from light commercial vehicles and is still an issue. Concerns over
taxis to buses and heavy haulage. performance remain in both areas.
Prior year movement
The prior year reserve movement International motor is also written; Prior year movement
was a surplus of 21.3% (2014:11.3%). a large proportion of this is North The motor sector saw a reserve
The sector continues to generate American risk, including private release of 7.5% of motor net
significant reserve releases across auto and static risks such as earned premium (2014: 0.5%).
both the property and liability dealer open lot.
classes. This stems from low
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Performance 57
While stability in motor reserves large private corporate jets), Libya’s Tripoli Airport. Reserves
is encouraging, there does remain airport liability, aviation product for these claims have remained
a risk that any possible alteration manufacturers’ liability, aviation broadly stable since 2014 year-end
to the discount rate used to war/terrorism and satellite launch but continue to be monitored.
determine large awards in bodily and in-orbit risks.
injury claims, in addition to high Looking ahead
claims inflation levels, could affect 2015 performance Despite poor results in the last two
current claims reserves in the Gross written premium was £587m years, there remains an abundance
future as could the incidence of (2014: £581m), an increase of 1.0%. of industry capacity in all lines.
claims settled as Periodical The Lloyd’s aviation sector reported
Payment Orders (PPOs). an accident year ratio of 113.0% Unless there is a significant
(2014: 133.2%). withdrawal of capacity, market
Looking ahead conditions are likely to remain
The UK Motor insurance market The 2015 accident year was challenging with the potential to
continues to be very competitive, affected by a number of large deteriorate further. Positive returns
but the rating environment for both claims in the airline, general will be even harder to achieve
private car and commercial vehicles aviation, and war and space without increased underwriting
is improving. This improvement is sectors. These included the discipline and good fortune.
expected to continue through 2016. deliberate downing of Germanwings
Flight 9525 in March, the crash at
Legal costs for personal injury Shoreham Airshow in August and
claims have reduced; this will the loss of Metrojet Flight 9268
reduce insurers’ costs. However, in October, all of which resulted in
reforms addressing whiplash will tragic loss of life. Space insurers
take a while to filter through. also experienced a frequency of
large claims, notably the Proton
Without a marked improvement in launch failure in May.
the general economic environment
in the UK, the motor insurance The result was also impacted by
market will struggle with the continued rise in exposure and
profitability in 2016. attritional claims against a broadly
static premium base. There was
continued decline in risk-adjusted
Aviation rates which accelerated as the
Lloyd’s writes across all main year progressed.
business segments including
airline, aerospace, general Prior year movement
aviation, space and war. The prior year reserve
movement was a surplus
Airline (hull and liability) is the of 17.3% (2014: 30.5%).
largest segment but Lloyd’s
is also actively involved in the This class was impacted by
underwriting of general aviation significant aviation losses in 2014
(for example, privately owned including the two Malaysian Airline
light aircraft, helicopters and claims and claims for fighting at
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Strategic Update 58
Reinsurance
Property Gross written premium Combined ratio Underwriting result
£m % £m
2011 5,209 2011 158.8 2011 (2,180)
2012 5,463 2012 89.8 2012 393
2013 4,930 2013 76.8 2013 846
2014 4,472 2014 77.0 2014 801
2015 4,627 2015 76.3 2015 794
Casualty Gross written premium Combined ratio Underwriting result
£m % £m
2011 1,480 2011 90.2 2011 124
2012 1,612 2012 94.5 2012 70
2013 1,698 2013 88.3 2013 165
2014 1,779 2014 87.6 2014 187
2015 1,797 2015 100.0 2015 0
Specialty Gross written premium Combined ratio Underwriting result
£m % £m
2011 1,984 2011 92.1 2011 111
2012 2,360 2012 91.1 2012 142
2013 2,349 2013 81.8 2013 310
2014 2,237 2014 86.5 2014 225
2015 2,169 2015 93.3 2015 110
Direct
Property Gross written premium Combined ratio Underwriting result
£m % £m
2011 4,965 2011 100.3 2011 (10)
2012 5,476 2012 94.4 2012 221
2013 6,103 2013 85.0 2013 681
2014 6,274 2014 87.7 2014 558
2015 6,893 2015 90.1 2015 501
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Performance 59
Direct (continued)
Casualty Gross written premium Combined ratio Underwriting result
£m % £m
2011 4,245 2011 96.6 2011 117
2012 4,543 2012 95.6 2012 152
2013 4,850 2013 98.8 2013 47
2014 4,959 2014 98.1 2014 74
2015 5,764 2015 100.1 2015 (5)
Marine Gross written premium Combined ratio Underwriting result
£m % £m
2011 1,968 2011 94.5 2011 89
2012 2,090 2012 99.9 2012 2
2013 2,195 2013 95.4 2013 84
2014 2,140 2014 95.2 2014 84
2015 2,245 2015 94.2 2015 108
Energy Gross written premium Combined ratio Underwriting result
£m % £m
2011 1,523 2011 87.9 2011 130
2012 1,727 2012 76.0 2012 275
2013 1,668 2013 83.0 2013 201
2014 1,532 2014 83.4 2014 181
2015 1,414 2015 76.0 2015 247
Motor Gross written premium Combined ratio Underwriting result
£m % £m
2011 1,187 2011 107.4 2011 (82)
2012 1,155 2012 104.0 2012 (42)
2013 1,184 2013 108.6 2013 (87)
2014 1,213 2014 106.6 2014 (71)
2015 1,120 2015 102.0 2015 (17)
Aviation Gross written premium Combined ratio Underwriting result
£m % £m
2011 708 2011 64.9 2011 196
2012 669 2012 67.7 2012 170
2013 562 2013 81.4 2013 90
2014 581 2014 102.7 2014 (10)
2015 587 2015 95.7 2015 19
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Results 60
Contents
Market Results Society Report 149 Notes to the Financial
Statements
62 S tatement of Council’s 92 Financial Highlights 190 Five Year Summary
Responsibilities and Report 93 Corporate Governance
of PricewaterhouseCoopers 110 Internal Control Statement
LLP to the Council of Lloyd’s 112 Report of the Remuneration
on the 2015 Pro Forma Committee
Financial Statements 129 Report of the Audit
64 Pro Forma Profit & Committee
Loss Account 131 Report of the Lloyd’s
65 Pro Forma Balance Sheet Members’ Ombudsman
66 Pro Forma Statement of 132 Financial Review
Cash Flows 138 Statement of the Council of
67 Notes to the Pro Forma Lloyd’s Responsibilities for
Financial Statements the Financial Statements
139 Independent Auditor’s
Report to the Members
of the Society of Lloyd’s
144 Group Income Statement
145 Group Statement of
Comprehensive Income
146 Group Statement of
Financial Position
147 Group Statement of
Changes in Equity
148 Group Statement of
Cash Flows
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Results
Financial
Statements
61
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

2015 — Emerging Risks
Lloyd’s Catastrophe Modelling & Climate Change report
considered the impact of increasingly frequent severe
weather events and how insurers could make more
effective use of catastrophe modelling tools for more
accurate risk-based pricing.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Results 62
Statement of Council’s Responsibilities and Report of
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to the Council of Lloyd’s
on the 2015 Pro Forma Financial Statements
Statement of Council’s responsibilities Independent reasonable assurance report to the Council
of Lloyd’s on the preparation of the 2015 pro forma
The pro forma financial statements (PFFS) are prepared
financial statements
so that the financial results of Lloyd’s and its members taken
together and their net assets can be compared as closely Report on the preparation of the Lloyd’s pro forma financial
as possible with general insurance companies. statements
Our conclusion
The Council of Lloyd’s is responsible for the preparation and
In our opinion, the Council of Lloyd’s has prepared the pro forma
approval of the PFFS.
financial statements the PFFS for the financial year ended
The maintenance and integrity of the Lloyd’s website is the
31 December 2015, as defined below, in all material respects
responsibility of the Council of Lloyd’s; the work carried out by
in accordance with the basis of preparation set out in note 3.
the auditors does not involve consideration of these matters
This opinion is to be read in the context of what we say in the
and, accordingly, the auditors accept no responsibility for any
remainder of this report.
changes that may have occurred to the financial statements
since they were initially presented on the website. What we have assured
The PFFS, which are prepared by the Council of Lloyd’s,
Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the preparation
comprise:
and dissemination of financial statements may differ from
legislation in other jurisdictions. – A pro forma profit and loss account;
– A pro forma statement of other comprehensive income;
– A pro forma balance sheet;
– A pro forma statement of cash flows; and,
– Notes 1-22.
The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their
preparation is set out in note 3.
Our assurance does not extend to information in respect of
earlier periods or to any other information included in the Lloyd’s
Annual Report within which the PFFS for the year ended 31
December 2015 are included.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Results 63
What a reasonable assurance engagement involves Responsibilities for the pro forma financial statements and
We performed a reasonable assurance engagement in the reasonable assurance engagement
accordance with International Standard on Assurance
Our responsibilities and those of the Council of Lloyd’s
Engagements 3000 (Revised) – ‘Assurance Engagements other
The Council of Lloyd’s is responsible for the preparation and
than Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information’,
approval of the PFFS in accordance with the basis of preparation
issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Board.
set out in note 3. The purpose of the PFFS is to allow the financial
We applied the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England
results of Lloyd’s and its members and their net assets taken
and Wales (ICAEW) Code of Ethics, which includes independence
together to be compared as closely as possible with the financial
and other requirements founded on fundamental principles of
reports of general insurance companies.
integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care,
Our responsibility is to express an opinion about whether the
confidentiality and professional behaviour. We apply International
preparation of the PFFS has been performed by the Council of
Standard on Quality Control (UK & Ireland) and accordingly
Lloyd’s on the basis set out in note 3.
maintain a comprehensive system of quality control including
documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with This report including our conclusions has been prepared solely
ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable to the Council of Lloyd’s in accordance with our engagement
legal and regulatory requirements. letter dated 4 February 2016 (the ‘instructions’). Our examination
has been undertaken so that we might state to the Council
The PFFS have been compiled in part from an aggregation of
those matters which we are required to state in this report in
financial information extracted from the balance sheet and profit
accordance with the instructions and for no other purpose.
and loss account included in syndicate annual accounts by the
To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or
managing agent of each syndicate, which has been submitted
assume any responsibility for any other purpose or to any
to the Council of Lloyd’s and on which the auditors of each
other person to whom this report is shown or into whose hands
syndicate have reported. Our work did not involve assessing
it may come save where expressly agreed by our prior consent
the quality of those audits or performing any audit procedures
in writing.
over the financial information of the syndicates.
Our examination of the preparation of the PFFS consisted
principally of:
– Obtaining an understanding of how the Council of Lloyd’s
has compiled the PFFS from the audited syndicate annual
accounts, the audited Society of Lloyd’s financial statements
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
and funds at Lloyd’s.
Chartered Accountants
– Checking (on a sample basis) that the financial information
London, 22 March 2016
included in the PFFS was correctly extracted from the
syndicate annual accounts and the Society of Lloyd’s
financial statements.
– Evaluating evidence to support the existence and valuation
of funds at Lloyd’s.
– Evaluating the evidence supporting the adjustments made
and obtaining evidence that the PFFS have been prepared
in accordance with the basis of preparation set out in note 3.
The engagement also involves evaluating the overall presentation
of the PFFS. We do not consider the appropriateness of the basis
of preparation of the PFFS.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Results 64
Pro Forma Profit and Loss Account
For the year ended 31 December 2015
2015 2014
Technical account Note £m £m £m £m
Gross written premiums
– continuing operations 26,690 25,244
– discontinued operations 7 – 15
11 26,690 25,259
Outward reinsurance premiums (5,667) (5,253)
Premiums written, net of reinsurance 21,023 20,006
Change in the gross provision for unearned premiums (803) (692)
Change in the provision for unearned premiums, reinsurers’ share 345 185
(458) (507)
Earned premiums, net of reinsurance 20,565 19,499
Allocated investment return transferred from the non-technical account 302 659
20,867 20,158
Claims paid
Gross amount 12,477 12,017
Reinsurers’ share (2,846) (2,729)
9,631 9,288
Change in provision for claims
Gross amount 7 (268)
Reinsurers’ share 624 570
631 302
Claims incurred, net of reinsurance 10,262 9,590
Net operating expenses 13 8,256 7,656
Balance on the technical account for general business 2,349 2,912
Attributable to:
– continuing operations 2,349 2,889
– discontinued operations 7 – 23
Total 11 2,349 2,912
Non-technical account
Balance on the technical account for general business 2,349 2,912
Investment return on syndicate assets 273 742
Notional investment return on funds at Lloyd’s 8 86 202
Investment return on Society assets 43 94
14 402 1,038
Allocated investment return transferred to the technical account (302) (659)
100 379
Profit/(loss) on exchange (70) (62)
Other income 56 65
Other expenses (313) (278)
Result for the financial year before tax 10 2,122 3,016
Attributable to:
– continuing operations 2,122 3,003
– discontinued operations – 13
Total 2,122 3,016
2015 2014
Statement of other comprehensive income Note £m £m £m £m
Result for the financial year 2,122 3,016
Other comprehensive income 62 115
Total comprehensive income for the year 10 2,184 3,131
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Results 65
Pro Forma Balance Sheet
As at 31 December 2015
2015 2014
Investments Note £m £m £m £m
Financial investments 15 45,874 44,951
Deposits with ceding undertakings 3 3
Reinsurers’ share of technical provisions
Provision for unearned premiums 2,368 1,976
Claims outstanding 8,610 8,785
18 10,978 10,761
Debtors
Debtors arising out of direct insurance operations 7,081 6,220
Debtors arising out of reinsurance operations 4,008 3,576
Other debtors 763 745
11,852 10,541
Other assets
Tangible assets 32 24
Cash at bank and in hand 16 11,026 9,938
Other 42 9
11,100 9,971
Prepayments and accrued income
Accrued interest and rent 69 71
Deferred acquisition costs 18 3,585 3,231
Other prepayments and accrued income 168 184
3,822 3,486
Total assets 83,629 79,713
Capital and reserves
Members’ funds at Lloyd’s 8 17,840 15,704
Members’ balances 17 4,613 5,131
Members’ assets (held severally) 22,453 20,835
Central reserves (mutual assets) 1,763 1,693
10 24,216 22,528
Subordinated debt 3 494 497
Subordinated perpetual capital securities 3 388 388
Capital, reserves and subordinated debt and securities 25,098 23,413
Technical provisions
Provision for unearned premiums 13,723 12,652
Claims outstanding 38,833 38,134
18 52,556 50,786
Deposits received from reinsurers 57 86
Creditors
Creditors arising out of direct insurance operations 615 481
Creditors arising out of reinsurance operations 3,311 2,951
Other creditors including taxation 1,451 1,476
5,377 4,908
Accruals and deferred income 541 520
Total liabilities 83,629 79,713
Approved by the Council of Lloyd’s on 22 March 2016 and signed on its behalf by
John Nelson Inga Beale
Chairman Chief Executive Officer
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Results 66
Pro Forma Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2015
2015 2014
Note £m £m
Result on ordinary activities before tax 2,122 3,016
Increase/(decrease) in gross technical provisions 1,382 1,541
(Increase)/decrease in reinsurers’ share of gross technical provisions (196) 73
(Increase)/decrease in debtors (1,580) (804)
Increase/(decrease) in creditors 702 326
Movement in other assets/liabilities (265) (210)
Investment return (402) (1,038)
Depreciation 10 5
Tax paid (21) (21)
Other (11) (1)
Net cash flows from operating activities 1,741 2,887
Investing activities
Purchase of equity and debt instruments (34,855) (33,725)
Sale of equity and debt instruments 35,386 32,219
Purchase of derivatives (35) (43)
Sale of derivatives 23 5
Investment income received 553 361
Net movement in Funds at Lloyd’s 895 414
Other (52) (135)
Net cash flows from investing activities 1,915 (904)
Financing activities
Net profits paid to members (2,742) (1,520)
Net capital transferred into/(out of) syndicate premium trust funds 205 80
Purchase of subordinated notes – (329)
Interest paid on subordinated notes (53) (49)
Issue of subordinated notes – 493
Other 5 16
Net cash flows from financing activities (2,585) (1,309)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 1,071 674
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 11,525 10,851
Exchange differences on cash and cash equivalents (30) –
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December 19 12,566 11,525
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Results 67
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
As at 31 December 2015
1. The Pro Forma Financial Statements The recognition and measurement differences that have been
recognised in the PFFS as a result of the changes in accounting
The pro forma financial statements (PFFS) are prepared so that
policy set out above are disclosed in note 22. The comparative
the financial results of Lloyd’s and its members taken together
figures for the financial year ended 31 December 2014 have been
and their net assets can be compared as closely as possible with
prepared in accordance with New UK GAAP.
general insurance companies.
3. Basis of preparation
2. Change in accounting policies
General
A number of changes have been made to the PFFS following the
The PFFS include the aggregate of syndicate annual accounts
adoption of Financial Reporting Standard 102, ‘The Financial
(Aggregate Accounts), members’ Funds at Lloyd’s (FAL) and the
Reporting Standard applicable in the United Kingdom and the
financial statements of the Society of Lloyd’s on pages 144 to
Republic of Ireland’ (‘FRS 102’) and Financial Reporting Standard
190. Having assessed the principal risks, the Council considered
103 ‘Insurance Contracts’ (‘FRS 103’), together ‘New UK GAAP’.
it appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in
This is the first period Lloyd’s has presented the PFFS with
preparing the PFFS; the going concern and viability statement of
changed accounting policies following the adoption of FRS 102
the Society is included within the Society Report on page 136.
and FRS 103. The last PFFS under the previously extant UK
GAAP were for the year ended 31 December 2014. The date of The Aggregate Accounts report the audited results for calendar
transition to the updated accounting policies described below year 2015 and the financial position at 31 December 2015 for all
was 1 January 2014. life and non-life syndicates which transacted business during the
year. The results and net assets for life syndicates are not
The PFFS do not present a consolidated view of the results
material and have not been separately disclosed in the profit and
of Lloyd’s business taken as a single entity. In particular, each
loss account and balance sheet. The results for life business are
managing agent selects the accounting policies most appropriate
reported in the segmental analysis (note 11). The Aggregate
to its managed syndicates. The syndicates’ financial information
Accounts include the syndicate level assets, which represent the
included in the PFFS has been prepared in accordance with
first link in the Chain of Security. The Aggregate Accounts are
New UK GAAP.
reported as a separate document and can be viewed at
Where New UK GAAP permits different accounting policies and
www.lloyds.com/financialreports. In order to provide more
managing agents have adopted various accounting treatments,
meaningful information in the Aggregate Accounts and PFFS,
these are reflected in the PFFS without making consolidation
the Society has required syndicates to report certain disclosures
adjustments. In addition, the PFFS do not eliminate inter-
presented on a consistent basis, which may vary from presentation
syndicate reinsurances (except for SPS, see below).
included in the individual syndicates’ annual accounts.
The consolidated financial information of the Society of Lloyd’s,
The capital provided by members is generally held centrally
presented on pages 144 to 190 is prepared in accordance with
as FAL and represents the second link in the Chain of Security.
International Financial Reporting Standards (‘IFRS’). When
The non-technical account of the PFFS includes a notional
included in the PFFS the Society of Lloyd’s financial information
investment return on FAL.
is prepared in accordance with New UK GAAP. No adjustments
The Society of Lloyd’s audited financial statements report the
have been made to the information incorporated into the PFFS
central resources of the Society, which forms the third link in
as we do not consider there to be any material accounting policy
Lloyd’s Chain of Security.
differences between the existing IFRS accounting policies
and the recognition and measurement requirements of New The profit and loss account in the PFFS aggregates the
UK GAAP. syndicate results, the notional investment return on members’
capital and the results of the Society of Lloyd’s. The balance
The Funds at Lloyd’s accounting policy, presented below, is
sheet in the PFFS aggregates the assets held at syndicate
consistent with the ‘fair value through profit and loss’ accounting
level, members’ assets held as FAL and the central resources
policy permitted under FRS 102. No measurement differences
of the Society.
have arisen from the change in accounting policy for Funds at
Lloyd’s from the PFFS included within the 2014 annual report.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Results 68
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
3. Basis of preparation continued return achieved has been included. For other assets the notional
investment return, net of management fees, is estimated on the
Overall, the PFFS aggregate the results and resources of the
average value of FAL during the year, based on yields from
Society and its members and reflect all the links in Lloyd’s Chain
indices for each type of asset held. The typical investment return
of Security as described in detail in the ‘Security underlying
on bank deposits has been applied to FAL provided as letters of
policies issued at Lloyd’s’ which is reported as a separate
credit or bank guarantees. The actual return achieved on FAL
document and can be viewed at www.lloyds.com/about-us/
investments will differ from the notional return due to individual
what-we-do-/stability-and-security. The PFFS may, therefore,
stocks held, daily cash flows and transactional charges.
be used as a reasonable presentation of the results and state
of affairs of the Lloyd’s market on a basis that is as closely as Society of Lloyd’s financial statements
possible comparable with general insurance companies. The PFFS include the results and net assets reported in the
consolidated financial statements of the Society of Lloyd’s
Statement of compliance
prepared in accordance with new UK GAAP, comprising the
Whilst Lloyd’s is not an insurance company, the PFFS have where
financial statements of the Society of Lloyd’s and all its subsidiary
possible been prepared in compliance with United Kingdom
undertakings, the Lloyd’s Central Fund and the Society’s interest
Accounting Standards, including FRS 102 and FRS 103. Where
in associates. No adjustments have been made to the information
Lloyd’s is not the investment manager for FAL, actual changes
incorporated into the PFFS as Council do not consider there to
are not available and therefore a statement of changes in equity
be any material accounting policy differences between the
has not been included. However, a statement of changes in
existing IFRS accounting policies and the recognition and
members’ balances has been included in note 17, which along
measurement requirements of New UK GAAP.
with the Society’s group statement of changes in equity (on page
147) represent the changes in equity of the other components of Transactions between syndicates and the Society
the PFFS. – Central Fund contributions, members’ subscriptions and other
market charges levied by the Society are reported as net
Taxation
operating expenses in the syndicate annual accounts and
The PFFS report the market’s result before tax. Members are
as income in the Society financial statements.
directly responsible for tax payable on their syndicate results
– Central Fund claims and provisions to discharge the liability of
and investment income on FAL. For consistency, the results of
members where they have unpaid cash calls, and do not have
the Society are also included pre-tax in the profit and loss
the resources to meet those cash calls, are reported as a profit
account. The balance sheet includes the tax provisions in the
and loss charge and balance sheet liability in the Society
Society financial statements.
financial statements. The Central Fund’s other income includes
Funds at Lloyd’s
recoveries from insolvent members. The syndicate annual
FAL comprise the capital provided by members to support their
accounts for calendar year 2015 and earlier years include
underwriting, and are the equivalent of capital shown in insurance
those members’ results and at the balance sheet date will
companies’ accounts. The valuation of FAL has, therefore, been
report the outstanding liability within members’ balances.
included in the pro forma balance sheet. FAL are available to
– Loans funding statutory overseas deposits are reported as
meet cash calls made on the member in respect of a syndicate.
assets within the syndicate annual accounts and as liabilities
The assets in FAL must be readily realisable and may include
in the Society financial statements.
letters of credit and bank and other guarantees. The total
resources, including FAL, for members writing ongoing insurance Transactions between the syndicates and the Society which have
must be at least equivalent to the aggregate of the member’s been reported within both the syndicate annual accounts and the
Economic Capital Assessment (ECA) requirement and certain Society financial statements have been eliminated (note 10).
liabilities in respect of its underwriting business. Each member’s
Special Purpose Syndicates (SPS)
ECA to support its underwriting at Lloyd’s is determined using
The Aggregate Accounts include the results and assets of the
Lloyd’s Solvency Capital Requirement to ultimate capital setting
SPS (see Glossary on inside back cover). Due to the nature of
methodology.
SPS, the quota share of the host syndicate’s business is reported
Notional investment return on FAL as gross written premiums in both the host syndicate and SPS
A notional investment return on FAL has been estimated, which annual accounts. This leads to an overstatement of the original
is the equivalent of insurance companies generating investment premiums written by the whole Lloyd’s market. To provide users
return on the capital that they hold to support their underwriting. of the PFFS with a more meaningful presentation of the market’s
Where Lloyd’s is the investment manager for FAL, the actual figures, all the transactions arising from the insurance contracts
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Results 69
between the SPS and host syndicates have been eliminated. A. Aggregate accounts
The key impact of this elimination is that gross written premium General
is reduced by £790m (2014: £567m). The elimination does not Under the Insurance Accounts Directive (Lloyd’s Syndicate and
affect the PFFS result or the balance due to members. All other Aggregate Accounts) Regulations 2008, managing agents must
inter-syndicate reinsurance arrangements are included in full. prepare the syndicate annual accounts under New UK GAAP.
However, where New UK GAAP permits different accounting
Inter-syndicate loans
treatments, each managing agent is able to adopt the accounting
The syndicate annual accounts report debtor and creditor
policies it considers most appropriate to its syndicate. In particular,
balances for inter-syndicate loans totalling £120m (2014: £160m).
in certain circumstances, New UK GAAP permits different
These amounts have been eliminated from the amounts reported
accounting treatments for investments. The following accounting
in the balance sheet to provide a more meaningful presentation
policies are, therefore, an overview of the policies of all syndicates.
of the balance sheet for users of the PFFS.
Premiums written
Subordinated debt and securities
Premiums written represent premiums on business incepting
In accordance with the terms of the Society’s subordinated
during the year, together with adjustments for premiums written
debt and securities, the capital raised is available for payment
in previous accounting periods. Premiums written are stated
to policyholders in advance of repayment to the note holders
before deduction of commissions but net of taxes, duties levied
and is included in ‘capital, reserves and subordinated debt and
on premiums and other deductions.
securities’ in the pro forma balance sheet.
Unearned premiums
Note 17 to the Society financial statements on pages 173 and 174
Written premiums are recognised as earned according to
provides additional information.
the risk profile of the policy. Unearned premiums represent
the proportion of premiums written in the year that relate to
4. Accounting policies notes unexpired terms of policies in force at the balance sheet date,
calculated on the basis of established earnings patterns or time
Sources of significant accounting judgements and
apportioned as appropriate.
estimation uncertainty
The PFFS aggregates judgements, estimates and assumptions Outwards reinsurance premiums
made by managing agents in respect of syndicate balances, Outwards reinsurance premiums comprise the cost of
and the Council of Lloyd’s, in respect of the Society of Lloyd’s reinsurance arrangements placed and are accounted for in
and Funds at Lloyd’s balances. These judgements, estimates the same accounting period as the related insurance contracts.
and assumptions affect the application of accounting policies The provision for reinsurers’ share of unearned premiums
and reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. represents that part of reinsurance premium ceded which is
Actual results may differ from these estimates. estimated to be earned in following financial years.
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an Claims provisions and related recoveries
ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised Gross claims incurred comprise the estimated cost of all
in the period in which the estimate is revised and in any future claims occurring during the year, whether reported or not,
periods affected. In particular, information about significant including related direct and indirect claims handling costs
areas of estimation uncertainty and critical judgements in and adjustments to claims outstanding from previous years.
applying accounting policies that have the most significant
The provision for claims outstanding is assessed on an individual
effect on the amounts recognised in the PFFS are described
case basis and is based on the estimated ultimate cost of all claims
in the following accounting policies:
notified but not settled by the balance sheet date, together with the
– Claims provisions and related recoveries (estimates provision for related claims handling costs. The provision also
for outstanding claims) includes the estimated cost of claims incurred but not reported
– Premiums written (estimates for premiums written (IBNR) at the balance sheet date based on statistical methods.
under delegated authority agreements)
These methods generally involve projecting from past experience
– Investments (valuations based on models and
of the development of claims over time to form a view of the likely
unobservable inputs)
ultimate claims to be experienced for more recent underwriting,
– Notional investment return on FAL (estimate based on
having regard to variations in the business accepted and the
yields from indices for each type of asset held).
underlying terms and conditions. For the most recent years,
The most critical accounting estimate included within the
where a high degree of volatility arises from projections, estimates
balance sheet is the estimate for outstanding claims. The total
may be based in part on output from rating and other models of the
estimate, net of reinsurers’ share, as at 31 December 2015 is
business accepted and assessments of underwriting conditions.
£30,223m (2014: £29,349m) and is included within the pro forma
The amount of salvage and subrogation recoveries is separately
balance sheet.
identified and, where material, reported as an asset.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Results 70
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
4. Accounting policies notes continued Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional
currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the
Claims provisions and related recoveries continued
transactions, or the average rate may be used when this is a
The reinsurers’ share of provisions for claims is based on
reasonable approximation.
the amounts of outstanding claims and projections for IBNR,
net of estimated irrecoverable amounts, having regard to the At each period end foreign currency monetary items are
reinsurance programme in place for the class of business, the translated using the closing rate. For this purpose all assets and
claims experience for the year and the current security rating liabilities arising from insurance contracts (including unearned
of the reinsurance companies involved. Statistical techniques premiums, deferred acquisition costs and unexpired risks
are used to assist in making these estimates. The two most provisions) are monetary items.
critical assumptions as regards claims provisions are that the
Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement
past is a reasonable predictor of the likely level of future claims
of transactions and from the translation at period-end exchange
development and that the rating and other models used for
rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
current business are fair reflections of the likely level of ultimate
currencies are recognised in the non-technical account.
claims to be incurred. The directors of each syndicate’s managing
Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement
agent consider that the provisions for gross claims and related
of transactions and from the translation at period-end exchange
reinsurance recoveries are fairly stated on the basis of the
rates of non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
information currently available to them. However, the ultimate
foreign currencies are recognised in other comprehensive
liability will vary as a result of subsequent information and events,
income for those items where the gain or loss is required to
which may result in significant adjustments to the amounts
be recognised within other comprehensive income, and in the
provided. Adjustments to the amounts of claims provisions
non-technical account where the gain or loss is required to be
established in prior years are reflected in the financial statements
recognised within profit or loss.
for the period in which the adjustments are made. The methods
used, and the estimates made, are reviewed regularly. Investments
Investments are stated at fair value at the balance sheet date.
Additional information on insurance risk is disclosed in note 5.
For this purpose, listed investments are stated at their bid price
Unexpired risks provision
market value, and deposits with credit institutions and
A provision for unexpired risks is made where claims and related
international deposits are stated at cost.
expenses arising after the end of the financial period in respect
Unlisted investments for which a market exists are stated at the
of contracts concluded before that date are expected to exceed
average price at which they are traded on the balance sheet date
the unearned premiums under these contracts, after the
or the last trading day before that date.
deduction of any acquisition costs deferred.
Syndicate investment return
The provision for unexpired risks is calculated at syndicate level
Syndicate investment return comprises all investment income,
by reference to classes of business which are managed together,
realised investment gains and losses and movements in unrealised
and may take into account relevant investment return.
gains and losses, net of investment expenses, charges and interest.
Acquisition costs
Realised gains and losses on investments carried at market value
Acquisition costs, comprising commission and other costs
are calculated as the difference between sale proceeds and
related to the acquisition of new insurance contracts, are
purchase price.
deferred to the extent that they are attributable to premiums
unearned at the balance sheet date. Unrealised gains and losses on investments represent the
difference between the valuation at the balance sheet date and
Foreign currencies
their valuation at the previous balance sheet date, or purchase
The Council considers that the functional currency and the
price, if acquired during the year, together with the reversal of
presentational currency of the PFFS and Aggregate Accounts is
unrealised gains and losses recognised in earlier accounting
Sterling. Notwithstanding this a number of syndicates are now
periods in respect of investment disposals in the current period.
US dollar functional currency. In the context of the PFFS and
Aggregate Accounts the Council views this to be the equivalent Syndicate investment return is initially recorded in the non-
of a group which has different operating units with a mix of technical account. A transfer is made from the non-technical
functional currencies. account to the general business technical account where the
investments generating the return relate to insurance business.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Results 71
Taxation Members that only participate on one syndicate may hold the
Under Schedule 19 of the Finance Act 1993, managing agents capital supporting their underwriting in their syndicate’s premium
are not required to deduct basic rate income tax from trading trust funds. Where a member takes advantage of this facility, the
income. In addition, all UK basic rate income tax deducted from capital held in the premium trust fund is reported within members’
syndicate investment income is recoverable by managing agents balances and the investment return retained within the non-
and consequently the distribution made to members or their technical account.
members’ agents is gross of tax. Capital appreciation falls
C. Society of Lloyd’s
within trading income and is also distributed gross of tax.
The accounting policies adopted in the Society of Lloyd’s
No provision has been made for any United States Federal financial statements are set out on pages 150-154. No
Income Tax payable on underwriting results or investment adjustments have been made to the information incorporated
earnings. Any payments on account made by the syndicate into the PFFS as we do not consider there to be any material
during the year are included in the balance sheet under the accounting policy differences between the existing IFRS
heading ‘other debtors’. No provision has been made for any accounting policies and the recognition and measurement
international tax payable by members on underwriting results. requirements of New UK GAAP.
Operating expenses
Operating expenses (including pension and other staff costs)
5. Risk management
have been charged to the syndicates in accordance with the
Governance framework
policies adopted by the managing agents.
The following Governance structure relates to the Society of
Profit commission
Lloyd’s as a whole, as the preparer of the PFFS. Individual
Where profit commission is charged by the managing agent it will
syndicates will report in their syndicate annual accounts the
normally be fully paid once the appropriate year of account closes,
governance structure applied to them by their managing agents.
normally at 36 months. The profit commission is accrued in the
An Act of Parliament, the Lloyd’s Act 1982, defines the
profit and loss account in accordance with the earned profit.
governance structure and rules under which Lloyd’s operates.
Managing agents may make payments on account of their
Under the Act, the Council of Lloyd’s is responsible for the
anticipated profit commission from the syndicate premiums trust
management and supervision of the market. Lloyd’s is regulated
funds prior to the closure of a year of account where they have
by the Prudential Regulatory Authority (PRA) and Financial
transferred open year surpluses (interim profits) from the
Conduct Authority (FCA) under the Financial Services and
syndicate level premiums trust funds to the members’ personal
Markets Act 2000.
reserve fund. Any payments on account of such commission are
The Council normally has six working, six external and six
restricted to the profit commission expensed in the profit and
nominated members. The working and external members are
loss account in striking the level of interim profits declared and
elected by Lloyd’s members. The Chairman and Deputy
subsequently released.
Chairmen are elected annually by the Council from among
Cash at bank and in hand
its members. All members are approved by the PRA.
Cash at bank and in hand includes cash in hand, deposits held
The Council can discharge some of its functions directly by
at call with banks, other short-term highly liquid investments with
making decisions and issuing resolutions, requirements, rules
original maturities of three months or less and bank overdrafts.
and byelaws. Other decisions are delegated to the Franchise
Bank overdrafts, when applicable, are shown within borrowings
Board and associated committees.
in current liabilities.
The Franchise Board is responsible for the day-to-day
B. Funds at Lloyd’s
management of the Lloyd’s market. It lays down guidelines for
FAL are valued in accordance with their market value at the year
all syndicates and operates a business planning and monitoring
end, and using year end exchange rates. Investments are stated
process to safeguard high standards of underwriting and risk
at fair value at the balance sheet date. For this purpose, listed
management, thereby improving sustainable profitability and
investments are stated at their bid price market value, and deposits
enhancing the financial strength of the market.
with credit institutions and international deposits are stated at cost.
Unlisted investments for which a market exists are stated at the The principal committees of the Council are the nominations
average price at which they are traded on the balance sheet date or committee, the remuneration committee and the audit committee.
the last trading day before that date. Letters of credit are stated at
The principal committees of the Franchise Board are the risk
the amount guaranteed by the issuing credit institution.
committee, the market supervision and review committee, the
As disclosed in the basis of preparation a notional investment capacity transfer panel and the investment committee.
return on FAL is estimated, which is recognised in the non-
technical account.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Results 72
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
5. Risk management continued Provision of capital by members
Lloyd’s capital structure, often referred to as the Chain of
Capital management objectives, policies and approach
Security, has three elements:
Capital framework at Lloyd’s
The Society of Lloyd’s (Lloyd’s) is a regulated undertaking and – Syndicate assets, being all of the assets less liabilities of the
subject to the supervision of the Prudential Regulatory Authority syndicates, as represented in the members’ balances reported
(PRA) under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. Within in the balance sheet on page 65;
this supervisory framework, Lloyd’s applies capital requirements – Funds at Lloyd’s, the capital deposited at Lloyd’s by the
at member level and centrally to ensure that Lloyd’s complies member to meet its ECA; and
with Solvency II, and beyond that to meet its own financial – Lloyd’s central capital, which are the assets of the Corporation
strength, licence and ratings objectives. and the Central Fund.
The Lloyd’s capital structure is described in a separate document
Although, as described below, Lloyd’s capital setting processes
and can be viewed at www.lloyds.com/lloyds/about-us/what-we-
use a capital requirement set at syndicate level as a starting
do/stability and security.
point, the requirement to meet Solvency II and Lloyd’s capital
requirements apply at overall and member level only respectively, Insurance risk
not at syndicate level. Accordingly the capital requirements in The dominant category of risk faced by Lloyd’s syndicates is
respect of individual syndicates are not disclosed in these insurance risk. This can be defined as the risk arising from the
financial statements. inherent uncertainties as to the occurrence, amount and timing
of insurance liabilities. In practice, insurance risk can be
Lloyd’s capital setting process
subdivided into:
In order to meet Lloyd’s requirements, each syndicate is required
to calculate its Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) for the (i) underwriting risk;
prospective underwriting year. This amount must be sufficient (ii) reserving risk; and
to cover a 1-in-200 year loss, reflecting uncertainty in the (iii) catastrophe risk.
ultimate run-off of underwriting liabilities (SCR ‘to ultimate’).
Underwriting risk
The syndicate must also calculate its SCR at the same
This includes the risk that a policy will be written for too low a
confidence level but reflecting uncertainty over a one-year time
premium, provide inappropriate cover, or that the frequency or
horizon (one year SCR) for Lloyd’s to use in meeting Solvency II
severity of insured events will be higher than expected.
requirements. The SCRs of each syndicate are subject to review
Underwriting strategy is agreed by the board of each managing
by Lloyd’s and approval by the Lloyd’s Capital and Planning Group.
agent and set out in the syndicate business plan that is submitted
A syndicate may be comprised of one or more underwriting
to the Corporation for approval each year. Approval of business
members of Lloyd’s. Each member is liable for its own share
plans – and setting the capital requirements needed to support
of underwriting liabilities on the syndicate(s) on which it is
these plans – is the key control the Corporation uses to manage
participating but not other members’ shares. Accordingly, the
underwriting risk.
capital requirement that Lloyd’s sets for each member operates
The Corporation reviews each syndicate business plan to ensure
on a several basis. Each member’s SCR shall thus be determined
it meets Lloyd’s standards and is consistent with the capabilities
by the sum of the member’s share of the syndicate SCR ‘to
of the managing agent. Once a plan is agreed, the Corporation
ultimate’. Where a member participates on more than one
uses performance management data to identify whether each
syndicate, a credit for diversification is provided to reflect the
syndicate’s business performance is progressing in line with the
spread of risk, but consistent with determining an SCR which
business plan or that variations are understood and accepted.
reflects the capital requirement to cover a 1-in-200 year loss
‘to ultimate’ for that member. Over and above this, Lloyd’s applies The managing agents’ underwriting controls should ensure that
a capital uplift to the member’s capital requirement to determine underwriting is aligned with their strategy, agreed business plan
the Economic Capital Assessment (ECA). The purpose of this and underwriting policy.
uplift, which is a Lloyd’s not a Solvency II requirement, is to
Managing agents are expected to have controls in place to
meet Lloyd’s financial strength, licence and ratings objectives.
ensure that regulatory requirements and the scope of Lloyd’s
The capital uplift applied for 2016 was 35% of the member’s
market licences are clearly understood and that risks are written
SCR ‘to ultimate’.
within those requirements.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Results 73
Managing agents need to have clear processes for pricing Credit risk
business and an audit trail to show how pricing will deliver the The market’s principal credit risk is that the reinsurance
projected results within the approved business plan and how purchased to protect the syndicate’s gross losses does not
pricing will be managed over the relevant underwriting cycle. respond as expected. This can occur because the reinsurance
policy is poorly worded, there is a mismatch with the gross loss,
Reserving risk
reinsurance limits are exhausted or a combination of willingness
Reserving risk arises where the reserves established in the
and ability to pay by reinsurers. Managing agents are expected to
balance sheet are either not adequate to meet eventual claims
have a clear and comprehensive plan for the reinsurance of each
arising or that those reserves are significantly in excess of
syndicate. This takes into account risk appetite for retained
the eventual claims arising. The level of uncertainty varies
insurance risk and the potential for the accumulation of risk.
significantly from class to class but can arise from inadequate
or excessive reserves for known or Incurred But Not Reported The managing agent should monitor and assess the security of,
Claims (IBNR). These shortfalls/surpluses can arise from and exposure to, each reinsurer and intermediary. Reinsurance
inadequate reserving processes or from the naturally uncertain credit risk is subject to quarterly review by Lloyd’s.
progress of insurance events.
Catastrophe risk
Lloyd’s current level of aggregate market reserves remains robust Catastrophe risk is the risk of loss occurring across all lines
and the continued level of overall reserve releases are supported of business from worldwide natural catastrophe events.
by underlying claims experience being more favourable than Managing agents may use catastrophe modelling software,
expected. This will not necessarily translate to all syndicates. where appropriate, to monitor aggregate exposure to
There are currently few specific reserving issues and the main catastrophe losses. The Corporation has developed a suite
perceived risks relate to macro influences such as inflation or of Realistic Disaster Scenarios to measure syndicate level
changes in legislation. Lloyd’s analyses reserve developments and aggregate market exposure to both natural catastrophes
at class and syndicate levels quarterly; and briefs the market and man-made losses. These are monitored frequently and
on issues it believes need to be considered. syndicates now supply projected probabilistic forecasts for
Lloyd’s key exposures with their capital and business plans.
Case-specific claim reserves should make financial provision
Further enhancements to the monitoring and oversight of
at reported loss levels, without prejudice to coverage.
aggregate market catastrophe risk exposure have been
Legal advisers’, underwriters’ and loss adjusters’ judgement
implemented within the approved internal model under
are used to set the estimated case reserves.
Solvency II .
Reserving processes use a variety of statistical analyses such
as projections of historical loss development patterns, with
results adjusted for expert judgement. Lloyd’s syndicates have
significant exposure to volatile classes of business which carry
material inherent risk that the ultimate claims settlement will
vary from previous assessments of reserves.
Syndicates’ reserves are annually subject to a formal actuarial
opinion and are monitored by the Corporation. The actuarial
opinions are covered by a combination of formal Actuarial
Professional Standards and specific Lloyd’s guidance and rules.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Results 74
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
5. Risk management continued
Claims development table
The tables below illustrate the development of the estimates of earned ultimate cumulative claims for syndicates in aggregate after the
end of the underwriting year, illustrating how amounts estimated have changed from the first estimates made. Non-sterling balances
have been converted using average 2015 exchange rates to aid comparability. As these tables are on an underwriting year basis there
is an apparent jump from figures for the end of the underwriting year to one year later as a large proportion of premiums are earned in
the year of account’s second year of development.
Advantage has been taken of the transitional rules of FRS 103 that permit only five years of information to be disclosed upon adoption.
The claims development information disclosed will be increased from five years to 10 years over the period 2016–2020.
Gross
2010
and
prior years 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 Total
Underwriting year £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
At end of underwriting year 9,429 8,139 6,973 7,152 6,863
One year later 15,493 13,320 13,235 13,726
Two years later 15,704 13,563 13,441
Three years later 15,421 13,344
Four years later 15,378
Cumulative payments (11,946) (8,911) (7,459) (4,702) (830)
Estimated balance to pay 9,929 3,432 4,433 5,982 9,024 6,033 38,833
Net
2010
and
prior years 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 Total
Underwriting year £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
At end of underwriting year 7,512 6,315 5,860 5,974 5,804
One year later 12,304 10,780 11,066 11,325
Two years later 12,324 10,943 11,176
Three years later 12,089 10,683
Four years later 11,910
Cumulative payments (9,316) (7,273) (6,351) (4,123) (766)
Estimated balance to pay 7,154 2,594 3,410 4,825 7,202 5,038 30,223
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Results 75
Financial risk
Credit risk
Credit risk is the exposure to loss if a counterparty fails to perform its contractual obligations.
As discussed under ‘Insurance risk-Credit risk’, the market’s principal credit risk is that the reinsurance purchased to protect the
syndicate’s gross losses does not respond as expected. However, syndicates are also exposed to credit risk in their premium debtors.
Credit risk in respect of premium debt is controlled through broker approval and regular monitoring of premium settlement
performance. Syndicates and members are exposed to credit risks in their investment portfolios. PRA investment guidelines are
designed to mitigate credit risk by ensuring diversification of holdings.
The carrying amount of financial assets and reinsurance assets represents the maximum credit risk exposure.
The tables below show the maximum exposure to credit risk for the components of the balance sheet. The maximum exposure is
shown gross, before the effect of mitigation through collateral agreements and the use of credit derivatives.
Neither past
due nor
impaired Past due Impaired Total
2015 £m £m £m £m
Debt securities 33,073 – 4 33,077
Participation in investment pools 1,203 – – 1,203
Loans with credit institutions 471 – – 471
Deposits with credit institutions 4,109 – – 4,109
Derivative assets 45 – – 45
Other investments 61 – – 61
Reinsurers’ share of claims outstanding 8,604 6 – 8,610
Cash at bank and in hand 11,026 – – 11,026
Total 58,592 6 4 58,602
Neither past
due nor
impaired Past due Impaired Total
2014 £m £m £m £m
Shares and other variable yield securities and unit trusts 32,057 – – 32,057
Debt securities 1,451 – – 1,451
Loans with credit institutions 570 – – 570
Deposits with credit institutions 4,154 – – 4,154
Derivative assets 9 – – 9
Other investments 75 – – 75
Reinsurers’ share of claims outstanding 8,771 14 – 8,785
Cash at bank and in hand 9,938 – – 9,938
Total 57,025 14 – 57,039
In aggregate there are no financial assets that would be past due or impaired whose terms have been renegotiated held by syndicates,
the Society or within FAL.
In aggregate there were no material debt and fixed income assets held that were past due or impaired beyond their reported fair values,
either for the current period under review or on a cumulative basis. For the current period and prior period, in aggregate there were no
material defaults on debt securities.
Assets held as collateral comprise cash and debt securities received as collateral against reinsurance assets transferred from
syndicates’ reinsurers.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Results 76
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
5. Risk management continued
Financial risk
Credit risk continued
The table below provides information regarding the credit risk exposure at 31 December 2015 by classifying assets according to the
credit ratings of the counterparties. AAA is the highest possible rating. Assets that fall outside the range of AAA to BBB are classified
as other. Debtors, other than amounts due from reinsurers, have been excluded from the table as these are not rated. This table is the
sum of assets neither past due nor impaired.
Rated Rated Rated Rated
AAA AA A BBB Other Total
2015 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Debt securities 10,742 9,777 7,438 3,375 1,741 33,073
Participation in investment pools 243 20 20 3 917 1,203
Loans with credit institutions 281 47 4 28 111 471
Deposits with credit institutions 1,498 634 501 236 1,240 4,109
Derivative assets 3 – 12 – 30 45
Other investments 1 – 23 – 37 61
Reinsurers’ share of claims outstanding 154 2,650 4,980 40 780 8,604
Cash at bank and in hand 576 1,419 8,303 378 350 11,026
Total credit risk 13,498 14,547 21,281 4,060 5,206 58,592
Rated Rated Rated Rated
AAA AA A BBB Other Total
2014 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Debt securities 11,741 9,185 7,434 2,346 1,351 32,057
Participation in investment pools 239 27 15 1 1,169 1,451
Loans with credit institutions 359 69 6 15 121 570
Deposits with credit institutions 1,565 646 664 127 1,152 4,154
Derivative assets 1 – – – 8 9
Other investments – – 16 2 57 75
Reinsurers’ share of claims outstanding 169 2,764 5,335 58 445 8,771
Cash at bank and in hand 245 1,043 8,175 158 317 9,938
Total credit risk 14,319 13,734 21,645 2,707 4,620 57,025
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Results 77
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk arises where there are insufficient funds to meet liabilities, particularly claims. Managing agents are expected to manage
the cash needs of their syndicates on an ongoing basis and to avoid becoming forced sellers of assets. They are required to match the
duration of their syndicates’ investments with the liabilities to policyholders. Generally syndicates have a high concentration of liquid
assets, namely cash and government securities.
Lloyd’s centrally monitors syndicate liquidity both in terms of asset mix and future funding needs and conducts stress tests to monitor
the impact on liquidity of significant claims events.
For syndicates in aggregate the table below summarises the maturity profile of financial liabilities. The average duration for claims
provisions was 3.1 years (2014: 3.0 years). The maturity profiles for the Society of Lloyd’s can be found on page 183.
No stated
maturity 0-1yr 1-3yr 3-5yr >5yrs Total
2015 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Deposits received from reinsurers 36 21 – – – 57
Creditors 706 3,869 651 93 – 5,319
Other creditors 11 171 27 1 – 210
Total 753 4,061 678 94 – 5,586
No stated
maturity 0-1yr 1-3yr 3-5yr >5yrs Total
2014 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Deposits received from reinsurers 54 32 – – – 86
Creditors 602 3,486 649 90 – 4,827
Other creditors 26 201 65 - – 292
Total 682 3,719 714 90 – 5,205
Market risk – Overview
Market risk is the risk that the value of financial instruments will fluctuate because of movements in foreign currency, interest rates or
asset values. Syndicate assets are held in premium trust funds and are subject to the asset rules contained in the PRA’s handbook.
Managing agents manage asset risk through their investment strategy.
There is greater oversight of market risk in light of the volatile economic climate, which includes the monitoring of Investment
Management Minimum Standards. The Lloyd’s Financial Risk Committee monitors assets across the full Chain of Security to ensure
the asset disposition of the market and Corporation remains appropriate, closely monitoring global economic and market trends.
The potential financial impact of changes in market value is additionally monitored through the capital setting process, and asset mix
must be reported to Lloyd’s on a quarterly basis, including credit rating analysis of fixed income portfolios.
Market risk comprises three types of risk:
(a) currency risk;
(b) interest rate risk; and
(c) equity price risk.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Results 78
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
5. Risk management continued
Financial risk
Currency risk
Managing agents must identify the main currencies in which each syndicate transacts its business. For the market overall, the US dollar
is the largest currency exposure. Assets are then held in each of those currencies to match the relevant liabilities. Managing agents
must ensure that assets match liabilities and take corrective action where a mismatch arises. Lloyd’s also reviews the matching of
assets to liabilities at the syndicate level as well as at the market level. In addition, many members seek to match their capital
disposition by currency against their peak exposures. At 31 December 2015, over half of all capital deployed at Lloyd’s was provided
in US dollars.
The profile of the aggregate of syndicate assets and liabilities, categorised by currency at their translated carrying amounts was
as follows:
Sterling US Dollar Euro CAD Australian $ Other Total
2015 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
Financial investments 9,662 28,605 2,801 3,162 1,207 437 45,874
Reinsurers’ share of technical provisions 2,938 6,905 564 347 136 88 10,978
Insurance and reinsurance receivables 2,457 7,429 623 302 200 72 11,083
Cash at bank and in hand 4,667 5,421 427 138 84 289 11,026
Other assets 1,292 2,727 415 160 51 62 4,707
Total assets 21,016 51,087 4,830 4,109 1,678 948 83,668
Technical provisions 12,535 32,167 3,940 2,350 1,096 468 52,556
Insurance and reinsurance payables 833 3,357 254 159 40 48 4,691
Other creditors 1,799 226 100 59 32 (11) 2,205
Total liabilities 15,167 35,750 4,294 2,568 1,168 505 59,452
Total capital and reserves 5,849 15,337 536 1,541 510 443 24,216
Sterling US Dollar Euro CAD Australian $ Other Total
2014 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
Financial investments 9,752 26,994 3,232 3,327 1,232 414 44,951
Reinsurers’ share of technical provisions 2,757 6,736 576 416 151 125 10,761
Insurance and reinsurance receivables 2,264 6,303 608 249 147 220 9,791
Cash at bank and in hand 4,157 4,829 372 176 105 299 9,938
Other assets 1,399 2,360 338 147 60 9 4,313
Total assets 20,329 47,222 5,126 4,315 1,695 1,067 79,754
Technical provisions 12,055 30,612 4,007 2,472 1,105 535 50,786
Insurance and reinsurance payables 733 2,174 241 133 47 43 3,371
Other creditors 2,226 758 45 27 5 8 3,069
Total liabilities 15,014 33,544 4,293 2,632 1,157 586 57,226
Total capital and reserves 5,315 13,678 833 1,683 538 481 22,528
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Results 79
Sensitivity analysis
A 10% strengthening or weakening of the Pound sterling against the following currencies at 31 December would have increased/
(decreased) members balances for the financial year by the amounts shown below. This analysis assumes that all other variables,
in particular interest rates, remain constant.
Impact on Impact on
profit members’
before tax balances
2015 £m £m
Strengthening of US Dollar 278 1,271
Weakening of US Dollar (340) (1,487)
Strengthening of Euro 13 52
Weakening of Euro (16) (63)
Impact on Impact on
profit members’
before tax balances
2014 £m £m
Strengthening of US Dollar 263 1,050
Weakening of US Dollar (321) (1,283)
Strengthening of Euro 38 80
Weakening of Euro (47) (97)
The impact on profit before tax is different to the impact on members’ balance as the calculation of the notional return on FAL is not
affected by currency movements.
Financial risk – Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that the value and future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in interest
rates. Lloyd’s operates a generally conservative investment strategy with material cash and short dated bonds portfolios, which
reduces the interest rate risk exposure.
The analysis below is performed for reasonably possible movements in interest rates with all other variables held constant, showing the
impact on profit before tax and equity of the effects of changes in interest rates.
Impact on Impact on
profit members’
before tax balances
2015 £m £m
+ 50 basis points (369) (369)
- 50 basis points 372 372
Impact on Impact on
profit members’
before tax balances
2014 £m £m
+ 50 basis points (332) (332)
- 50 basis points 339 339
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Results 80
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
Financial risk – Equity price risk
Equity price risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market
prices (other than those arising from interest rate risk or currency risk), whether those changes are caused by factors specific to the
individual financial instrument or its issuer, or factors affecting all similar financial instruments traded in the market.
Equity price risk exposure relates to financial assets and financial liabilities whose values will fluctuate as a result of changes in market
prices, principally investment securities.
Such risks are managed by setting and monitoring objectives and constraints on investments, diversification plans and limits on
investments in each sector and market.
In aggregate there is no significant concentration of equity price risk.
The analysis below is performed for reasonably possible movements in market indices on financial instruments with all other variables
held constant, showing the impact on profit before tax due to changes in fair value of financial assets and liabilities (whose fair values
are recorded in the profit and loss account) and members’ balances (that reflects adjustments to profit before tax and changes in fair
value of available for sale financial assets that are equity instruments).
Impact on Impact on
profit members’
before tax balances
2015 £m £m
5% increase in equity markets 174 174
5% decrease in equity markets (175) (175)
Impact on Impact on
profit members’
before tax balances
2014 £m £m
5% increase in equity markets 173 173
5% decrease in equity markets (172) (172)
Regulatory risk
Regulatory risk is the risk of loss owing to a breach of regulatory requirements or failure to respond to regulatory change. Managing
agents monitor regulatory development to ensure ongoing compliance and any impact on claims reserves. Additionally, given current
developments in the global regulatory landscape, the Corporation closely monitors changes which may adversely impact the global
licence network. Lloyd’s is actively working with the market to assist and adapt to the changes in the UK regulatory architecture, in
particular the increased focus on conduct risk by the Financial Conduct Authority; managing agents are now expected to comply with
the Lloyd’s Conduct Minimum Standards. Similarly, Lloyd’s monitors global political trends and is taking action at both a Corporation
and market level in response to a growing geopolitical risk facing companies operating around the world. A review of market sanctions
and financial crime controls was completed in 2014 to gain assurance that all managing agents are meeting the necessary standards.
Operational risk
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems, or from external events.
Managing agents manage these risks through internal compliance monitoring and the use of detailed procedure manuals. Lloyd’s sets
minimum standards to be applied by agents and monitors to ensure these are met.
Group risk
Group risk is the risk of loss resulting from risk events arising within a related entity. While Lloyd’s is not a group, the Corporation
monitors potential risks which could impact Lloyd’s, for example arising from the activities of a parent company of a syndicate or
managing agent. Whilst, by its nature, group risk is difficult to control, the Corporation mitigates the potential impact of group risk
through the implementation of controls, including Lloyd’s minimum standards, mitigating any material impairment to Lloyd’s brand,
reputation or strategic priorities.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Results 81
6. Variability
Calendar year movements in reserves are based upon best estimates as at 31 December 2015, taking into account all available
information as at the balance sheet date. These estimates are subject to variability until the date at which the underlying claims are
settled. Such changes in best estimate are reflected in the technical account of the year in which they occur.
7. Discontinued operations
Continuing/discontinued operations represent the analysis reported in the syndicate annual accounts between business that they are
continuing to underwrite and business that they have ceased to underwrite. It is quite possible, however, that business discontinued by
one syndicate continues to be written at Lloyd’s by one or more other syndicates.
When a syndicate has ceased underwriting, its operations are reported as discontinued within the syndicate’s annual accounts. Where
the entire book of business continues to be written by another syndicate, however, an adjustment is made in the PFFS to reflect the
continuing nature of this business to Lloyd’s and its members as a whole. Where business has been reported as discontinued in 2015,
the results for that business have also been reported as discontinued in the 2014 comparative figures.
8. Members’ funds at Lloyd’s
The valuation of members’ FAL in the balance sheet totals £17,840m (2014: £15,704m). The notional investment return on FAL included
in the non-technical profit and loss account totals £86m (2014: £202m).
The notional investment return on FAL has been calculated by applying quarterly yields from indices, net of management fees, to the
value of FAL at the beginning of each quarter except, where Lloyd’s is the investment manager for FAL, in which case the actual return
achieved has been included. A significant proportion of FAL investments are US dollar denominated and, for these assets, US dollar
yields from indices are applied.
The following table shows the indices used and the return applied for the full year.
Proportion Investment
of FAL return
December December 2015 2014
Investment type Index 2015 % 2014 % % %
UK equities FTSE All share 5.0 6.0 1.2 1.5
UK government bonds UK Gilts 1-3 years 4.5 2.3 0.4 1.8
UK corporate bonds UK Corporate 1-3 years 6.7 8.8 0.6 1.9
UK deposits managed by Lloyd’s Return achieved 3.4 3.3 1.0 0.5
UK deposits managed externally including LoC GBP LIBID 1 month 24.3 24.6 0.2 0.4
US equities S&P 500 Index 5.0 4.8 1.8 13.7
US government bonds US Treasuries 1-5 years 7.8 5.3 0.7 1.2
US corporate bonds US Corporate 1-5 years 15.7 15.1 1.2 2.1
US deposits managed by Lloyd’s Return achieved 2.8 4.0 0.2 0.1
US deposits managed externally including LoC USD LIBID 1 month 24.8 25.8 0.0 0.2
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Results 82
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
9. Society of Lloyd’s
The results of the Group financial statements of the Society included in the profit and loss account are a profit of £293m (2014: £219m)
in the technical account and a loss of £207m (2014: £121m) in the non-technical account.
10. Aggregation of results and net assets
A reconciliation between the results, statement of other comprehensive income and net assets reported in the syndicate annual
accounts, members’ FAL and by the Society is set out below:
2015 2014
Profit and loss account £m £m
Result per syndicate annual accounts 1,950 2,716
Result of the Society 74 91
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred in Society financial statements – 1
Central Fund recoveries from insolvent members – (9)
Taxation charge in Society financial statements 13 18
Notional investment return on members’ funds at Lloyd’s 86 202
Movement in Society income not accrued in syndicate annual accounts (1) (3)
Result on ordinary activities before tax 2,122 3,016
2015 2014
Other comprehensive income £m £m
Result for the financial year 2,122 3,016
Foreign currency movements in the syndicate annual accounts 68 147
Other comprehensive income per syndicate annual accounts (1) 1
Other comprehensive income of the Society (5) (33)
Total comprehensive income for the year 2,184 3,131
2015 2014
Capital and reserves £m £m
Net assets per syndicate annual accounts 4,613 5,133
Net assets of the Society 1,763 1,693
Central Fund claims and provisions 6 6
Members’ funds at Lloyd’s 17,840 15,704
Unpaid cash calls reanalysed from debtors to members’ balances 12 9
Society income receivable not accrued in syndicate annual accounts (18) (17)
Total capital and reserves 24,216 22,528
Transactions between syndicates and the Society which have been reported within both the syndicate annual accounts and the
Society financial statements have been eliminated in the PFFS as set out in note 3.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Results 83
11. Segmental analysis
The syndicate returns to Lloyd’s provided additional information to derive the following table in respect of the classes
of business reviewed in the market commentary.
Gross Net Under-
written earned writing
premiums premium result
2015 £m £m £m
Reinsurance 8,593 6,796 904
Property 6,893 5,072 501
Casualty 5,764 4,434 (5)
Marine 2,245 1,853 108
Energy 1,414 1,029 247
Motor 1,120 867 (17)
Aviation 587 446 19
Life 74 68 (3)
Total from syndicate operations 26,690 20,565 1,754
Transactions between syndicates and the Society (notes 3 and 9)
and insurance operations of the Society – – 293
PFFS premiums and underwriting result 26,690 20,565 2,047
Allocated investment return transferred from the non-technical account 302
Balance on the technical account for general business 2,349
Gross Net Under-
written earned writing
premiums premium result
2014 £m £m £m
Reinsurance 8,488 6,657 1,213
Property 6,274 4,550 558
Casualty 4,959 3,920 74
Marine 2,140 1,754 84
Energy 1,532 1,090 181
Motor 1,213 1,080 (71)
Aviation 581 375 (10)
Life 72 73 5
Total from syndicate operations 25,259 19,499 2,034
Transactions between syndicates and the Society (notes 3 and 9) and
insurance operations of the Society – – 219
PFFS premiums and underwriting result 25,259 19,499 2,253
Allocated investment return transferred from the non-technical account 659
Balance on the technical account for general business 2,912
12. Life business
The PFFS include the results of all life and non-life syndicates transacting business during 2015. The results and net assets for life
syndicates are not material and have not been separately disclosed in the profit and loss account and balance sheet. The results for life
business are reported in the segmental analysis (note 11).
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Results 84
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
13. Net operating expenses
2015 2014
£m £m
Acquisition costs 6,181 5,808
Change in deferred acquisition costs (268) (323)
Administrative expenses 2,343 2,171
8,256 7,656
14. Investment return
2015 2014
Interest and similar income £m £m
From financial instruments designated as at fair value through profit or loss 603 738
From available for sale investments 24 24
From financial instruments designated as held to maturity – 8
Dividend income 58 44
Interest on cash at bank 22 21
Other interest and similar income 29 30
Investment expenses (31) (36)
Total 705 829
2015 2014
Other income from investments designated as at fair value through profit or loss £m £m
Realised gains/(losses) 47 5
Unrealised gains/(losses) (378) 159
Other relevant income/(losses) 23 37
Total (308) 201
2015 2014
Other income from investments designated as available for sale £m £m
Realised gains/(losses) 9 25
Unrealised gains/(losses) (4) (17)
Other income – –
Total 5 8
Total investment return 402 1,038
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Results 85
15. Financial Investments
2015 2014
£m £m
Shares and other variable yield securities and units in unit trusts 6,908 6,635
Debt securities and other fixed income securities 33,077 32,057
Participation in investment pools 1,203 1,451
Loans and deposits with credit institutions 4,580 4,724
Other 106 84
45,874 44,951
Disclosures of fair values in accordance with the fair value hierarchy
Fair value measurements have been classified using a fair value hierarchy that reflects the significance of the inputs used in making
the measurements.
The fair value hierarchy includes the following classifications:
– included in Category A are financial assets that are measured by reference to published quotes in an active market. A financial
instrument is regarded as quoted in an active market if quoted prices are readily and regularly available from an exchange, dealer,
broker, industry group, pricing service or regulatory agency and those prices represent actual and regularly occurring market
transactions on an arm’s length basis;
– included in Category B are financial assets measured using a valuation technique based on assumptions that are supported by
prices from observable current market transactions. For example, assets for which pricing is obtained via pricing services but
where prices have not been determined in an active market, financial assets with fair values based on broker quotes, investments
in private equity funds with fair values obtained via fund managers and assets that are valued using models whereby the significant
inputs into the assumptions are market observable; and
– included in Category C are financial assets measured using a valuation technique (model) based on assumptions that are neither
supported by prices from observable current market transactions in the same instrument nor are they based on available market
data. Therefore, unobservable inputs reflect our view of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or
liability (including assumptions about risk). These inputs are developed based on the best information available, which might include
own data.
The Category in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement is categorised in its entirety is determined on the
basis of the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The significance of an input is assessed against the
fair value measurement in its entirety. If a fair value measurement uses observable inputs that require significant adjustment based
on unobservable inputs, that measurement is a Category C measurement. Assessing the significance of a particular input to the fair
value measurement in its entirety requires judgement, considering factors specific to the asset.
Assets held at
Sub-total amortised
Category A Category B Category C fair value cost Total
2015 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Shares and other variable yield securities 4,042 2,205 661 6,908 – 6,908
Debt and other fixed income security 10,779 18,915 3,301 32,995 82 33,077
Participation in investment pools 165 1,002 36 1,203 – 1,203
Loans and deposits with credit institutions 2,924 1,580 76 4,580 – 4,580
Other investments 27 46 21 94 12 106
Total 17,937 23,748 4,095 45,780 94 45,874
Assets held at
Sub-total amortised
Category A Category B Category C fair value cost Total
2014 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Shares and other variable yield securities 4,056 1,980 599 6,635 – 6,635
Debt and other fixed income security 9,197 18,844 3,925 31,966 91 32,057
Participation in investment pools 203 1,200 48 1,451 – 1,451
Loans and deposits with credit institutions 3,181 1,417 126 4,724 – 4,724
Other investments 17 20 33 70 14 84
Total 16,654 23,461 4,731 44,846 105 44,951
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Results 86
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
16. Cash at bank and in hand
Cash at bank and in hand includes letters of credit and bank guarantees held in trust within members’ FAL to meet policyholder claims
as required, totalling £8,758m (2014: £7,864m).
17. Members’ balances
2015 2014
£m £m
Balance at 1 January 5,131 3,710
Result for the year per syndicate annual accounts 1,950 2,716
Other comprehensive income 67 145
Distribution on closure of the 2012 (2011) year of account (2,554) (1,379)
Advance distributions from open years of account (204) (239)
Movement in cash calls 17 98
Net movement on Funds in Syndicate (see note below) 206 80
Balance at 31 December 4,613 5,131
Members participate on syndicates by reference to years of account. Members’ ultimate results, assets and liabilities are assessed by
year of account with reference to policies incepting in that year of account. Members’ balances represent the net profit/(loss) to be
distributed/(collected) by syndicates to/(from) the members. Where there are profits and funds at Lloyd’s held in excess of members’
capital requirements, they will be distributed in the second quarter of 2016.
Members that only participate on one syndicate may hold the capital supporting their underwriting in their syndicate’s premium trust
funds. These funds are know as funds in syndicate (FIS). At 31 December 2015 there was £2,998m (2014: £2,709m) of FIS within
members’ balances. Where a member takes advantage of this facility in the year, the movement is reflected in the above table as ‘net
movement on funds in syndicate’.
18. Technical provisions
(a) Provisions for unearned premiums
Reinsurers’
Gross share Net
2015 £m £m £m
At 1 January 12,652 1,976 10,676
Premiums written in the year 26,690 5,667 21,023
Premiums earned in the year (25,887) (5,322) (20,565)
Exchange movements 268 47 221
At 31 December 13,723 2,368 11,355
Reinsurers’
Gross share Net
2014 £m £m £m
At 1 January 11,675 1,734 9,941
Premiums written in the year 25,259 5,253 20,006
Premiums earned in the year (24,567) (5,068) (19,499)
Exchange movements 285 57 228
At 31 December 12,652 1,976 10,676
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Results 87
(b) Deferred acquisition costs
2015 2014
£m £m
At 1st January 3,231 2,835
Change in deferred acquisition costs 268 323
Exchange movements 86 73
At 31st December 3,585 3,231
(c) Claims outstanding
Reinsurers’
Gross share Net
2015 £m £m £m
At 1 January 38,134 8,785 29,349
Claims paid during the year (12,477) (2,846) (9,631)
Claims incurred during the year 12,484 2,222 10,262
Exchange movements 713 440 273
Other (21) 9 (30)
At 31 December 38,833 8,610 30,223
Reinsurers’
Gross share Net
2014 £m £m £m
At 1 January 37,621 9,196 28,425
Claims paid during the year (12,017) (2,729) (9,288)
Claims incurred during the year 11,749 2,159 9,590
Exchange movements 982 311 671
Other (201) (152) (49)
At 31 December 38,134 8,785 29,349
Discounting may be applied to claims provisions where there are individual claims with structured settlements that have annuity-like
characteristics or for books of business with mean term payment greater than four years. Certain syndicates have elected to discount
their claims provisions.
19. Note to the statement of cash flows
Cash and cash equivalents comprise the following:
2015 2014
£m £m
Cash at bank and in hand 11,026 9,938
Short term deposits with credit institutions 1,663 1,737
Overdrafts (123) (150)
12,566 11,525
Of the cash and cash equivalents, £310m (2014: £294m) is held in regulated bank accounts in overseas jurisdictions and is not available
for immediate use other than to pay claims in those jurisdictions.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Results 88
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
20. Five year summary
2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Results £m £m £m £m £m
Gross written premiums 26,690 25,259 25,615 25,173 23,337
Net written premiums 21,023 20,006 20,231 19,435 18,472
Net earned premiums 20,565 19,499 19,725 18,685 18,100
Result attributable to underwriting 2,047 2,253 2,605 1,661 (1,237)
Result for the year before tax 2,122 3,016 3,205 2,771 (516)
Assets employed
Cash and investments 56,900 54,889 51,494 51,767 51,416
Net technical provisions 41,578 40,025 38,355 39,078 39,765
Other net assets 8,894 7,664 7,247 6,611 6,565
Capital and reserves 24,216 22,528 20,386 19,300 18,216
Statistics
Combined ratio (%) 90.0 88.4 86.8 91.1 106.8
Return on capital (%) 9.1 14.1 16.2 14.8 (2.8)
21. Related party transactions
The annual accounts of each syndicate provide, where appropriate, the required disclosures on related parties. Syndicate level
disclosures are specific to that syndicate and its managing agent. For 2015, there were no material related party transactions
conducted outside normal market conditions reported in the syndicate annual accounts requiring disclosure. The related party
transactions of the Society are disclosed in note 26 on pages 188-189 of the Society Report.
22. Transition to FRS 102 and FRS 103
The PFFS are prepared under UK GAAP. On 1 January 2014 the PFFS transitioned to the recognition and measurement requirements
of FRS 102 and FRS 103 from previously extant UK GAAP. The impact on the PFFS from the transition to FRS 102 and FRS 103 is
as follows:
Reconciliation of result for the period
2014
£m
Profit on ordinary activities before tax under previous UK GAAP 3,161
Foreign exchange under SSAP 20 31
Foreign exchange under FRS 23 (176)
Profit on ordinary activities before tax under New UK GAAP 3,016
Reconciliation of members’ assets and central reserves
2014 2013
£m £m
Members’ assets and central reserves under previous UK GAAP 22,586 20,386
Foreign exchange under SSAP 20 – –
Foreign exchange under FRS 23 (58) 74
Members’ assets and central reserves under New UK GAAP 22,528 20,460
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Market Results 89
Foreign exchange under SSAP 20
For accounting periods up to and including 31 December 2014, a number of syndicates had adopted Statement of Standard Accounting
Practice No 20 (‘SSAP 20’) (Foreign currency translation) as the basis on which they accounted for foreign currency translation.
SSAP20 permitted ‘branch’ accounting with exchange movements being reported as adjustments to reserves. In accordance with
FRS 103 all exchange differences have been reported in the non-technical account.
Foreign exchange under FRS 23
For accounting periods up to and including 31 December 2014, a number of syndicates had adopted FRS 23 (The Effect of Changes in
Foreign Exchange Rates) as the basis on which they accounted for foreign currency translation. On this basis, some balances arising
from foreign currency denominated insurance contracts were treated as non-monetary items, and so were not retranslated at closing
rates. FRS 103 requires an entity to treat all assets and liabilities arising from an insurance contract as monetary items.
Balance sheet – cash at bank and in hand
The transition to FRS 102 has impacted the amount reported as cash at bank and in hand. Under FRS 102 this now includes financial
assets with a maturity of 90 days or less. Such assets that were previously reported under financial investments are now reported as
cash at bank and in hand. This has resulted in an increase in cash at bank and in hand and decrease in financial investments of £65m
as at 31 December 2014.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 90
This report sets out the principal activities, governance The Society’s principal activities are:
arrangements and 2015 consolidated financial statements
– To facilitate the carrying on of insurance business by members
of the Society of Lloyd’s.
of Lloyd’s, who join together as syndicates to insure and
In order to obtain an overview of the Society’s operations, reinsure risks, and the protection of their interests in this
however, this report should be read in conjunction with the rest context.
of the annual report that looks at the Lloyd’s market as a whole. – To maintain the Lloyd’s Central Fund where assets are held
and administered at the discretion of the Council of Lloyd’s,
The Society’s 2015 consolidated financial statements are included
primarily as funds available for the protection of policyholders.
in this report together with a financial review. The financial results
of the members of Lloyd’s are not part of these financial statements
but can be found within the market results section starting on
page 60.
92 Financial Highlights 132 Financial Review 149 Notes to the Financial
93 Corporate Governance 138 Statement of the Council of Statements
110 Internal Control Statement Lloyd’s Responsibilities for 190 Five Year Summary
112 Report of the Remuneration the Financial Statements
Committee 139 Independent Auditor’s
129 Report of the Audit Report to the Members
Committee of the Society of Lloyd’s
131 Report of the Lloyd’s 144 Group Income Statement
Members’ Ombudsman 145 Group Statement of
Comprehensive Income
146 Group Statement of
Financial Position
147 Group Statement of
Changes in Equity
148 Group Statement of
Cash Flows
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 91
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015
Society
Report

Society Report 92
Financial Highlights
2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
£m £m £m £m £m
Operating result
Operating and other Group income 243 233 220 215 222
Central Fund contributions 107 102 106 105 95
Total income 350 335 326 320 317
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred – (1) (18) (26) (15)
Central Fund repayment to members – (49) – – –
Net insurance claims and provisions – 1 – – 24
Other Group operating expenses (259) (227) (219) (206) (249)
Operating surplus 91 59 89 88 77
Finance Costs
Deficit on subordinated debt repurchase – (9) (15) – 4
Interest payable on financial liabilities and other (54) (49) (56) (62) (64)
Finance Income 43 93 60 115 91
Realised/unrealised exchange on borrowings – 7 (6) 6 5
Share of profits of associates 7 8 7 6 5
Surplus before tax 87 109 79 153 118
Tax charge (13) (18) (14) (34) (29)
Surplus for the year 74 91 65 119 89
Balance sheet
Net assets 1,763 1,693 1,635 1,564 1,490
Movement in net assets % 4.1% 3.6% 4.5% 5.0% 3.0%
Solvency*
Central assets for solvency purposes 3,332 3,240 3,125 3,185 3,091
Solvency shortfalls (20) (19) (34) (94) (115)
Excess of central assets over solvency shortfalls 3,312 3,221 3,091 3,091 2,976
Solvency ratio % 16660% 17058% 9191% 3420% 2688%
Movement in central assets for solvency purposes % 2.8% 3.7% (1.9%) 3.0% 2.1%
* The solvency position for 2015 is estimated and will be finalised in June 2016 for submission to the PRA.
The solvency ratio is reported under the Solvency I legislative requirements. Solvency II came into force on 1 January 2016, and the Solvency
ratio will be reported annually from 31 December 2016 in Lloyd’s Solvency & Financial Condition Report (SFCR) , the public regulatory return
to the PRA. The basis of reporting solvency will be more consistent with other EU insurers, and will show for the Lloyd’s market as a whole,
the ratio of eligible capital to meet Lloyd’s Solvency Capital Requirement.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 93
Corporate Governance
Lloyd’s governance structure provides challenge,
clarity and accountability
Principal Committees of Lloyd’s (Figure 4)
The Council
of Lloyd’s
Franchise
Board
Nominations Remuneration Audit
Committee Committee Committee
Risk Market Supervision Capacity Transfer Investment
Committee and Review Committee Panel Committee
The Council and Franchise Board
The Council of Lloyd’s is the governing body of the Society of Lloyd’s and has ultimate responsibility for overall management of the
market. The Council delegates many of its functions to the Franchise Board, whose members are appointed by the Council and come
from both inside and outside the Lloyd’s market.
The day-to-day powers and functions of the Council and Franchise Board are carried out by the Corporation’s Executive Team – the Chief
Executive, the Directors of the Corporation, the Head of Marketing and Communications, the Head of Human Resources and the Secretary
to the Council.
Lloyd’s is regulated by the PRA and FCA, which have direct supervision of managing agents and monitor capital and solvency.
The Corporation is active in managing risk within the market to ensure that Lloyd’s central assets, brand, licences and reputation
remain protected.
The Council of Lloyd’s is committed to the principle of good corporate governance and supports the application of the principles
of the UK Corporate Governance Code, as far as they can be applied to the governance of a Society of members and a market of
separate competing entities.
The members of the Council of
Lloyd’s and Franchise Board are
listed on pages 102-109
Details of the Executive Team
can be found at:
lloyds.com/executiveteam
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 94
Corporate Governance continued
Governing body: The Council of Lloyd’s Other than the CEO, no member of Council may serve more than
nine years in aggregate on the Council or Franchise Board.
Under Lloyd’s Act 1982, the Council of Lloyd’s undertakes the
management and superintendence of the affairs of the Society Chairman and Deputy Chairmen
and the power to regulate and direct the business of insurance at In accordance with Lloyd’s Act 1982, the Chairman and Deputy
Lloyd’s. Certain functions are reserved to the Council including: Chairmen of Lloyd’s are elected annually by special resolution of
the Council from among its members. One of the Chairman and
– The making, amendment or revocation of byelaws (which are
Deputy Chairmen must be a working member of the Council.
available at www.lloyds.com/byelaws);
This position is currently filled by Simon Beale.
– The setting of Central Fund contribution rates; and
– Appointing the Chairman and Deputy Chairmen of Council. The Chairman of Lloyd’s is contracted to work a minimum of
three days a week but commits as much time as is necessary to
Beyond the reserved functions, the Council can delegate its
undertake the role. The Council acknowledges that the Chairman
powers or functions to any person, committee or employee of
has other commitments outside Lloyd’s (see page 102) and is
the Society.
satisfied that these can be accommodated with the
The Council has delegated authority for the day-to-day Chairmanship of Lloyd’s.
management of the market to the Franchise Board. The
Andy Haste (a nominated member) was appointed Senior
Franchise Board is able, in turn, to sub-delegate authority to
Independent Deputy Chairman (Lloyd’s equivalent of the Senior
the CEO and through her to the Lloyd’s Executive. In addition,
Independent Director) with effect from 1 November 2012.
the Council has delegated authority to carry out specified
Meetings
functions to committees including the Audit, Remuneration,
The Council met five times in 2015. These meetings are structured
and Nominations Committees, as summarised below.
to allow open discussion. At each meeting the Council receives
The relationship between the Council and the Franchise Board
certain regular reports – for example, a written report from the
is defined in the Council’s Governance Policies which clarify the
CEO and oral updates from its principal committees. It also
role of the Council and establish a more structured relationship
reviews the quarterly Management Information Pack.
with the Franchise Board. Further details on the role and
A table showing Council members’ attendance at Council and
functions of the Franchise Board and the Governance Policies
Committee meetings which they were eligible to attend is set
are set out below.
out on pages 100-101.
Membership
The detailed arrangements for Lloyd’s governance processes
The Council comprises a maximum of 18 members, split between
are set out in the Council’s Governance Policies and the
six working, six external and six nominated members. The
Constitutional Requirements as set out in the Constitutional
biographical details of the current members of the Council
Arrangements Byelaw.
(as at 22 March 2016) are listed on pages 102-106.
Nominated members are usually appointed for three-year terms
which can be renewed. They may be regarded, for the purposes
of the Code, as independent members of the Council with the
exception of the Chairman and CEO who are included within
their number.
Working and external members are generally elected for terms of
three years by the working and external members of the Society
respectively. In the elections for working members, voting
operates on a one member, one vote basis. In the elections for
external members, the voting entitlement of an external member
of the Society is based on the member’s allocated underwriting
capacity as determined under the Constitutional Arrangements
Byelaw (No.2 of 2010).
The presence of working and external members of the Council
enables the nominated members to gain an understanding of
the views of key stakeholders in the Lloyd’s market.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 95
Governance Policies and the Constitutional Requirements Franchise Board
The Governance Policies The Council established the Franchise Board as from 1 January
Among other matters, the Governance Policies are intended to 2003 and set it a goal: ‘To create and maintain a commercial
improve the clarity around the role of the Council and to establish environment at Lloyd’s in which the long-term return to all capital
a more structured relationship with the Franchise Board. providers is maximised’.
The Governance Policies establish the purpose for Lloyd’s: ‘To Specific functions delegated to the Franchise Board include:
maintain, in accordance with Lloyd’s Acts, an organisation that
– Determining the major risks to the Lloyd’s market and
will enable the long-term return from carrying out the business of
determining appropriate action to address or mitigate
insurance to be maximised for capital providers’ (i.e. members).
those risks;
Under the Governance Policies, the Council is responsible for – Determining the key factors, levers and drivers which may
assessing the long-term strategic development of Lloyd’s by affect the profitability of the Lloyd’s market;
reference to both the interests of capital providers and other – Developing and implementing a strategy to achieve the
stakeholders and through an evaluation of economic, political Franchise Goal; and
and social issues impacting the international insurance and – Supervising, regulating and directing the business
reinsurance markets. of insurance at Lloyd’s.
As the Council has delegated authority for the majority of its
The Franchise Board has reserved to itself a list of specific
functions (other than its reserved matters) to the Franchise
functions and powers that only it may deal with. The Franchise
Board, the Governance Policies also define the accountability
Board may sub-delegate authority to the CEO, directors and
linkage between the Franchise Board and the Council. This
employees of the Corporation save in respect of those functions
includes determining the boundaries within which the Franchise
and powers reserved to it, the Council and their committees.
Board will operate (the Franchise Board Limitations) and
The Franchise Board’s committees, the CEO, directors and
establishing a Monitoring and Assurance regime which, among
employees must act in accordance with the Franchise Board
other matters, requires the Chairman of the Franchise Board
Limitations (including the Franchise Principles) and in
to report to the Council on all material issues impacting the
accordance with the strategy, policy and principles set by
world insurance market and Lloyd’s as well as providing a
the Franchise Board.
summary of key performance indicators.
Matters reserved to the Franchise Board include:
The Constitutional Requirements
– Setting the policy and principles relating to the supervision,
The Constitutional Requirements align, so far as appropriate,
regulation and direction of the business of insurance at
Lloyd’s governance arrangements with the Companies Act 2006.
Lloyd’s (the Market Supervision Framework), in compliance
They include provisions concerning the duties and responsibilities
with PRA and FCA requirements;
of Council members. These same duties also apply to members
– Considering and approving Lloyd’s risk appetite (both at
of the Franchise Board and the other Lloyd’s committees.
Corporation and market level);
In summary, members of the Council, Franchise Board and their
– Setting policy for the admission and removal of participants
committees are required to act in a way which ‘would be most
in the Lloyd’s market;
likely to promote the success of the Society for the benefit of the
– Admitting and removing managing agents;
members as a whole’ and must have regard to:
– Determining the Franchise Standards for managing agents
– The likely consequences of any decision in the long term. and approving the Three-Year and Annual Plan and Budget
– The need of the Society: of the Corporation; and
- To foster business relations with those who do business – Approving the Lloyd’s Society level capital requirements.
at Lloyd’s;
- To have regard to the interests of its employees;
- To consider the impact of its operations on the community
and the environment; and
- To maintain a reputation for high standards of
business conduct.
The Constitutional Requirements also deal with conflicts of
interest and collective responsibility.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 96
Corporate Governance continued
Franchise Board continued Reports from the internal and external auditors on aspects of
internal control and reports from the Legal and Compliance
Membership and meetings
department on internal and international compliance are
Biographical details of the members of the Franchise Board as
reviewed by the Audit Committee and appropriate action taken
at 22 March 2016 are listed on pages 107-109. At the end of 2015,
in response.
the Franchise Board comprised:
The Audit Committee submits an annual report to the Council.
– The Chairman of Lloyd’s (who was also its Chairman);
It also reports to the Council and the Franchise Board on its
– The CEO, the Director, Performance Management, the Chief
proceedings after each meeting. Additional reports are submitted
Risk Officer & General Counsel and the Director, Finance;
to the Council and/or the Franchise Board on matters of material
– Three non-executives connected with the Lloyd’s market; and
interest as and when necessary. The minutes of Audit Committee
– Five independent non-executives.
meetings are submitted to the Franchise Board and the Council.
The presence of market connected non-executive directors
The Audit Committee is chaired by Claire Ighodaro (an independent
enables the independent non-executives to gain an
non-executive director on the Franchise Board) and its remaining
understanding of market practitioner views and perspectives.
members are drawn from both the Council and the Franchise
Other than the Lloyd’s Executives no member of the Franchise Board. A table showing Audit Committee members’ attendance
Board may serve more than nine years in aggregate on the at Audit Committee meetings is set out on pages 100-101.
Franchise Board or the Council.
The Audit Committee met on five occasions in 2015. The Audit
The Franchise Board held eight scheduled meetings in 2015. Committee’s full report is on pages 129-130.
It held two additional meetings focused specifically on Solvency II.
Nominations Committee
It also held a full day offsite focusing on the major strategic
The Nominations Committee is responsible for making
challenges facing Lloyd’s and their impact on Lloyd’s current
recommendations to the Council on the appointment of the
strategy.
Chairman, CEO, new nominated Council members, Franchise
Franchise Board meetings are structured to allow open Board members (including the executive directors on the Board),
discussion. At each scheduled meeting, the Franchise Board members of a number of the Council and Franchise Board
receives certain regular reports – for example, a written report committees and the Secretary to the Council. The Nominations
from the CEO. It also reviews the quarterly Management Committee is also responsible for succession planning
Information Pack. The Franchise Board papers and minutes arrangements for these positions.
are made available to members of the Council.
The Nominations Committee will meet at least twice annually and
A table showing Franchise Board members’ attendance at otherwise at the discretion of its Chairman or as directed by the
Franchise Board and Committee meetings which they were Council. The Nominations Committee reports to the Council and
eligible to attend is set out on pages 100-101. Franchise Board on its proceedings after each meeting on all
matters relating to its duties and powers. A written report is
The Principal Committees of the Council
submitted to the Council annually.
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee’s role is to ensure that the financial
activities of Lloyd’s are subject to independent review and audit.
The Audit Committee’s functions include:
– Reviewing Lloyd’s annual and interim financial statements,
the aggregate syndicate results and the Lloyd’s Return to
the PRA; and
– Reviewing both the external and internal audit plans and the
compliance plan.
The CEO, Chief Risk Officer & General Counsel, Director,
Finance, senior managers and the external and internal auditors
attend meetings as appropriate. The Chairman also attends
some Audit Committee meetings by invitation.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 97
Apart from the annual exercise of making recommendations The Nominations Committee is chaired by the Chairman of
with respect to the composition of Council and Franchise Board Lloyd’s and its remaining members are drawn from both the
committees (together with any other necessary changes in Council and the Franchise Board.
composition during the year), the Nominations Committee made
A table showing the Nominations Committee members’
the following major recommendations to the Council during 2015:
attendance at scheduled Nominations Committee meetings
– To reappoint Andy Haste as a Nominated member of the is set out on pages 100-101. The Nominations Committee held
Council for a second three-year term with effect from three scheduled meetings in 2015.
1 November 2015;
Remuneration Committee
– To appoint Mark Cloutier a market-connected non-executive
The Remuneration Committee is responsible for setting
director on the Franchise Board for a three-year term
remuneration arrangements for the Chairman, CEO, executive
commencing on 1 April 2015. Neither an external search
directors and the Secretary to the Council. The Remuneration
consultant nor any advertising was used to identify Mr Cloutier
Committee’s proposals are considered by both the Franchise
as the Nominations Committee was able to make use of its
Board and the Council.
knowledge of senior market practitioners in making the
Non-executive remuneration is decided by the Council,
recommendation; and
on recommendation from the Chairman and CEO who may
– To reappoint Martin Read and Bruce Van Saun as independent
consult the Remuneration Committee as part of that process.
non-executive directors on the Franchise Board. Dr Read’s
reappointment was for a third and final three-year term The Remuneration Committee will meet at least twice a year
commencing on 14 September 2015. In view of Mr Van Saun’s and otherwise at the discretion of its Chairman or as directed
relocation to the United States, he was reappointed for a by the Council. The Remuneration Committee reports to the
further term of 10 months commencing on 3 September 2015. Council and Franchise Board on its proceedings after each
meeting on all matters relating to its duties and powers and
The Nominations Committee’s recommendations were accepted
makes recommendations to the Council or Franchise Board on
by the Council.
any area within its remit where action or improvement is needed.
Mindful of Mr Van Saun’s retirement from the Franchise Board The Remuneration Committee submits a written report to the
during 2016, the Nominations Committee completed its Council annually.
search for his replacement during the first quarter of 2016.
The Remuneration Committee is chaired by the Senior
The Committee was assisted by external search consultants
Independent Deputy Chairman. The Chairman is a member
(The Zygos Partnership) with a brief to find a full-time executive
of the committee and its remaining members are drawn from
with considerable financial experience, ideally a serving Chief
both the Council and the Franchise Board. A table showing
Financial Officer (CFO). The Committee proposed to Council
Remuneration Committee members’ attendance at
that Richard Keers, CFO of Schroders plc, should be appointed.
Remuneration Committee meetings is set out on pages 100-101.
Council agreed the recommendation on 4 February 2016. Subject
The Remuneration Committee met on three occasions in 2015.
to regulatory approval, it is intended that Mr Keers will chair the
The Remuneration Committee’s full report is on pages 112-128.
Audit Committee following Mrs Ighodaro’s retirement. The Zygos
Partnership does not have any connection with the Society.
To assist with succession planning, the Nominations Committee
also considered the future skills, knowledge and experience likely
to be needed by the Franchise Board and the Council. The search
for Mr Van Saun’s replacement on the Franchise Board referred
to above was conducted after taking into account this work.
Diversity – The Nominations Committee is fully apprised of, and
supportive of, the need for recent and relevant experience and
diversity. The Franchise Board and the Council are also specifically
aware of the need to increase gender diversity on both bodies.
It is difficult to establish a target for the number of women on the
Council, given that it is two-thirds elected but gender diversity
will be encouraged. The Franchise Board, however, with the
support of the Nominations Committee has established a target
of 25% of the Board being women by 2016. Three of the 13 Board
members as at the date of this report are women.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 98
Corporate Governance continued
The Principal Committees of the Franchise Board Investment Committee
The Investment Committee monitors the investment
Risk Committee
objectives and parameters of centrally managed assets and
This is chaired by the CEO and its other current members are
is responsible for reviewing the performance of these funds.
the Director, Performance Management, the Chief Risk Officer
In addition, it monitors the investment operations of the
& General Counsel and the Director, Finance. Other senior
Treasury and Investment Management department in respect
members of staff, including the Head of Risk Management,
of all funds under its management and approves all investment
Head of Internal Audit, Lloyd’s Actuary, and the Secretary to
counterparties. It may also make more general recommendations
the Council, attend meetings as appropriate. It reports quarterly
concerning investment activity at Lloyd’s.
to the Franchise Board. It also provides updates to the Audit
Committee and the Council. The Investment Committee meets at the discretion of its Chairman.
The Investment Committee submits a written report to the
A table showing the Risk Committee members’ attendance
Franchise Board annually and may submit additional reports
at meetings is set out on pages 100-101. It met on 15 occasions
on matters of material concern as and when necessary.
in 2015.
The Investment Committee is required to obtain the approval
Market Supervision and Review Committee (MSARC)
of the Franchise Board before making any decisions which may
MSARC takes decisions regarding the exercise of Lloyd’s
materially affect the financial risks applying to the Society or
enforcement powers. It also acts as a review body capable,
Lloyd’s market entities. A table showing Investment Committee
where appropriate, of amending, modifying or withdrawing
members’ attendance at Investment Committee meetings is set
certain decisions taken by the Executive affecting managing
out on pages 100-101. The Investment Committee met on four
agents. It also acts as the body that determines whether certain
occasions in 2015.
decisions can be referred to the Lloyd’s Appeal Tribunal and
Terms of reference and appointment terms
can also make certain business decisions.
The terms of reference for the Council, Franchise Board and
MSARC meets at the discretion of its Chairman. MSARC submits
their committees (including the Audit, Remuneration and
a written report to the Franchise Board annually and may submit
Nominations Committees) can be found on Lloyd’s website.
additional reports to inform the Franchise Board of any matters
The terms of reference for the Chairman, Deputy Chairmen
of material concern as and when required.
(including the Senior Independent Deputy Chairman), CEO,
A table showing MSARC members’ attendance at MSARC
executive directors and the Secretary to the Council can also
meetings is set out on pages 100-101. MSARC met on three
be found on the Lloyd’s website.
occasions in 2015.
The terms and conditions of appointment of non-executive
Capacity Transfer Panel
members of the Franchise Board and the Council are available
The Capacity Transfer Panel (CTP) was established principally
on request from the Secretary to the Council.
to exercise the Council’s powers in relation to minority buyouts
Annual General Meeting
and mergers. The Panel meets at the discretion of its Chairman.
The Panel submits a written report to the Franchise Board The Council reports to the members at the Annual General
annually and may submit additional reports on matters of Meeting (AGM). A summary business presentation is given at
material concern as and when necessary. the AGM by the CEO and Director, Finance, before the Chairman
deals with the business of the meeting.
A table showing CTP members’ attendance at CTP meetings
is set out on pages 100-101. The Panel met on two occasions Voting entitlement at general meetings is generally capacity-
in 2015. based for both external and working members, except at general
meetings called on the requisition of members under section 6(4)
of the Lloyd’s Act 1982 for the purpose of revoking or annulling
byelaws, at which each member has one vote. The resolutions
to be considered at general meetings are published on the
Lloyd’s website.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 99
Indemnities Training and induction
The Society has given indemnities to a number of its subsidiary All new appointments to the Council and Franchise Board
undertakings, and the directors thereof, in respect of any claims receive an induction pack containing guidance notes on Lloyd’s
or actions which may be brought against them or any future governance arrangements.
operating losses incurred by them in connection with the
In addition, new members of the Council and Franchise Board
companies’ activities. The Society has also given indemnities
are provided with an induction programme which includes
to and has agreed to cover certain specific costs that may be
briefings with senior executive management and others on
incurred by members of the Council, the Franchise Board, the
Lloyd’s, its operations and key issues of the day.
Lloyd’s Regulatory Board and the Lloyd’s Market Board (the latter
In addition, in 2015, five briefings on a range of Lloyd’s related
two boards ceased during 2002) and of their respective
topics were made available to all members of the Council and
sub-committees, the Society staff and also certain individuals
the Franchise Board.
and organisations who have been asked to carry out or provide
services to the Society or on behalf of, or for the benefit of, Independent professional advice
its members.
Members of the Council and Franchise Board have access
Council, Franchise Board and committee assessments to independent professional advice, if required.
In accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code, Conflicts of interest
an external and independent evaluation of the performance of
A register of interests is maintained by the Secretary to the
the Council and Franchise Board was undertaken by Mr Geoffrey
Council for members of the Council, Franchise Board and their
Shepheard of ICSA Board Evaluation at the end of 2015. The
committees and is available for inspection by members.
review also covered the performance of the Audit, Remuneration
and Nominations Committees. This is consistent with the
practice followed by the Society to have an independent
evaluation undertaken every three years. In the intervening years,
the Secretary to the Council undertakes the evaluation.
The principal conclusion of the independent evaluation was that
the current governance arrangements were working effectively,
although some improvements were identified. These included:
– To further improve the quality of the paperwork submitted
to the Council and Franchise Board which would help make
better use of Council and Board time and, in particular,
review whether the Council has the necessary information
to exercise its oversight of the Franchise Board;
– To consider ways in which to engage the Council earlier
in the annual review and development of strategy; and
– To increase Franchise Board engagement on senior executive
succession planning.
The recommendations for improvement will be taken forward
under the guidance of the Chairman and the Secretary to
the Council.
Individual assessment
The Chairman meets each non-executive director on the
Franchise Board and each member of the Council once a year
to appraise their performance. The Senior Independent Deputy
Chairman also seeks the views of the Franchise Board and the
Council on the performance of the Chairman. These views
are conveyed to the Chairman by the Senior Independent
Deputy Chairman.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 100
Corporate Governance continued
Attendance record
Franchise Audit Nominations Remuneration Investment Risk
Council Board Committee Committee Committee MSARC1 CTP2 Committee Committee
Chairman of the Council of Lloyd’s
John Nelson ª5/5 ª7/8 ª3/3 2/3
Executive Directors
Inga Beale 5/5 8/8 3/4 ª15/15
Tom Bolt 8/8 14/15
Sean McGovern 7/8 13/15
John Parry 8/8 4/4 15/15
Non-Executive Council members
Working members
Rupert Atkin 5/5 3/3
Simon Beale 5/5
Dominic Christian 4/5
Karen Green 5/5
Christopher Harman 5/5
Lawrence Holder 5/5
External members
Robert Childs 4/5
Michael Deeny 4/5
Matthew Fosh 5/5
Paul Jardine 4/5 5/5 3/3
Alan Lovell 5/5 5/5 3/3 2/2
Michael Watson 4/5
Nominated members
Andy Haste 5/5 3/3 ª3/3 ª2/2 ª4/4
Fred Hu 5/5
Sir David Manning 5/5 3/3
Henrique Meirelles 3/5
Non-Executive Franchise Board members
Sir Andrew Cahn 8/8
Mark Cloutier4 5/6 2/3
Charles Franks 6/8 4/5
Nick Furlonge5 8/8 3/3 1/1
Joy Griffiths 8/8
Claire Ighodaro 8/8 ª5/5
Andrew Kendrick3 1/2 2/2 2/2
Martin Read 7/8 3/3
Bruce Van Saun 5/8 5/5 3/3
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 101
Attendance record continued
Franchise Audit Nominations Remuneration Investment Risk
Council Board Committee Committee Committee MSARC1 CTP2 Committee Committee
Other Committee members
Richard Boys-Stones7 1/1
Martin Bride 3/4
Margaret Chamberlain 1/2
Edward Creasy 3/3
Christine Dandridge 3/3
Lady Delves Broughton 2/2
David Gittings 2/2
Michael Green 3/4
Reg Hinkley 2/3
Jo Rickard ª3/3
Nick Marsh 2/3
Philip Matthews 4/4
Paul Swain 2/2
Graham White6 1/1
David Winkett 3/4
ªChairman
Notes
1. Market Supervision and Review Committee.
2. Capacity Transfer Panel.
3. A ndrew Kendrick’s term of office as a non-executive director on the Franchise Board and as a member of the Audit Committee and
Remuneration Committee expired on 31 March 2015.
4. Mark Cloutier was appointed as a non-executive director on the Franchise Board and as a member of the Audit Committee on 1 April 2015.
5. Nick Furlonge was appointed as a member of the Remuneration Committee on 1 April 2015.
6. G raham White was a member of the Nominations Committee until his term on Council expired on 31 January 2015.
7. R ichard Boys-Stones was appointed as a member of CTP on 1 October 2015.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 102
Corporate Governance continued
The Council of Lloyd’s
John Nelson Inga Beale
Chairman of Lloyd’s (Nominated member) Chief Executive Officer (Nominated member)
Chairman of the Nominations Committee
Member of the Remuneration Committee
John Nelson was appointed Chairman of Lloyd’s in October 2011. Inga Beale joined Lloyd’s in January 2014. Previously she was
He was the Chairman of Hammerson plc until 2013. He is a Group Chief Executive of Canopius, a prominent Lloyd’s
Chartered Accountant, who worked in both the UK and the US managing agent. Prior to that she spent four years with Zurich
while with Kleinwort Benson. In 1986, he joined Lazard, whose Insurance, including a period as Global Chief Underwriting
Vice Chairman he became in 1990. He subsequently became Officer. She was Group CEO of Converium Ltd, the Swiss
Chairman of Credit Suisse First Boston (Europe) and Deputy mid-sized independent reinsurance company and, while there,
Chairman of Kingfisher plc. In addition, he has been a non- she led a major turnaround of the business before it was acquired
executive director of BT, Woolwich plc, JP Morgan Cazenove by SCOR in 2007. She started her career as an underwriter with
and Cazenove Group. He is a senior adviser to Charterhouse Prudential before spending 14 years in a variety of international
Capital Partners LLP. He is also the Chairman of Chichester roles for GE Insurance Solutions. She is also an external board
Harbour Trust and a trustee of the National Gallery and chairs member to the government’s Financial Services Trade and
its Development Committee. He is a member of the UK Prime Investment Board.
Minister’s Business Advisory Group and the International
Advisory Panel of the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
Andy Haste* Simon Beale
Senior Independent Deputy Chairman Deputy Chairman of Lloyd’s (Working member)
of Lloyd’s (Nominated member) Member of the Nominations Committee
Member of the Nominations Committee
Chairman of the Remuneration Committee
Andy Haste is Chairman of Wonga Group and former Group Simon Beale is the Chief Underwriting Officer of MS Amlin, an
Chief Executive of RSA. He is currently the Senior Independent executive director of the MS Amlin Plc board and Non-Executive
Director of ITV, and is Chairman of its Remuneration Committee Director of MS Amlin Underwriting Limited, the managing agency
and a member of both its Audit and Nominations Committees. for Syndicate 2001, of which he was joint Active Underwriter until
His previous roles include Chief Executive of AXA Sun Life and 2012. He has worked in the Lloyd’s Market since 1984 and has
Director of AXA UK (life and pensions), President and Chief served on various Lloyd’s underwriting committees including the
Executive Officer of Global Consumer Finance Europe at GE Lloyd’s Market Association Board.
Capital UK, Western Europe and Eastern Europe (consumer
financial services) and President of National Westminster Bank’s
US Consumer Credit Business (retail banking). He was also
a member of the Board of the Association of British Insurers
from 2003-2011.
*Considered to be independent members of Council.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 103
Paul Jardine Robert Childs
Representative of Catlin Syndicate Limited Representative of Hiscox Dedicated
Deputy Chairman of Lloyd’s (External member) Corporate Member Limited
Member of the Audit Committee (External member)
Member of the Remuneration Committee
Paul Jardine, a qualified Actuary, is Executive Vice President Robert Childs is the Non-Executive Chairman of Hiscox. He was
and Chief Experience Officer with responsibility for XL Group’s Chairman of the Lloyd’s Market Association from January 2003–
Communications & Marketing function, Claims, and Distribution May 2005 and former Chairman of the Advisory Board of the
Strategy. He is also the Deputy Chairman of Catlin Underwriting School of Management of Royal Holloway University. He is
Agencies Limited and was formerly Chief Operating Officer of currently a Trustee of Enham (a charity for the disabled) and
Catlin Group Limited. He has over 30 years of insurance industry Chairman of The Bermuda Society.
experience and was Chairman of the Lloyd’s Market Association
from 2007–2010. He is a Fellow of the Institute & Faculty of
Actuaries and was formerly the Chief Actuary and Commutations
Director at Equitas Limited. He is the Chairman of The Sick
Children’s Trust, a charity that provides homes from home for
families whose children are undergoing treatment at various
specialist hospitals around the UK.
Dominic Christian Michael Deeny
(Working member) Representative of The Michael Deeny LLP
(External member)
Dominic Christian is the Executive Chairman of Aon Benfield Michael Deeny is a chartered accountant. He was the Chairman
International. He is also the Chief Executive Officer of Aon UK of the Association of Lloyd’s Members (ALM) for 11 years.
Limited. He sits on Aon Group’s Executive Committee. Previously His career has principally been in the music industry, where
he served as Co-Chief Executive Officer of Aon Benfield and he has promoted U2, Luciano Pavarotti, Bruce Springsteen,
prior to this as a Group Board Director of Benfield Group plc, The Eagles and Bob Dylan, amongst others. He underwrites
CEO of its International Division and of Benfield Limited. He has through a Limited Liability Partnership and is Chairman of
nearly 30 years of experience as a Lloyd’s Broker. He is also the the Equitas Trust. He is a Non-Executive Director of the ALM
Chairman of the Lloyd’s Tercentenary Research Foundation and and of Equitas Holdings and all its subsidiaries.
a Director of The Bermuda Society and the Juvenile Diabetes
Research Foundation. He chairs the University of East Anglia’s
Campaign Advisory Board.
*Considered to be independent members of Council.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 104
Corporate Governance continued
The Council of Lloyd’s
Matthew Fosh Karen Green
Representative of (Working member)
Novae Corporate Underwriting Limited
(External member)
Matthew Fosh is the Chief Executive Officer of Novae Group plc, Karen Green is the Chief Executive Officer of Aspen UK which
which he joined in 2002. He is a Non-Executive Director of includes Aspen Managing Agency Limited, the managing agency
Ariscom Compagnia di Assicurazioni S.p.A. He previously worked of Aspen’s Lloyd’s Syndicate 4711. She also performs a number of
in the equity markets with Strauss Turnbull and Sheppards during other roles within the Aspen Group. She had previously worked as
the 1980s, before moving to the futures & options markets in a Principal with the global private equity firm MMC Capital Inc (now
1989 where he co-founded a derivative trading business, Seagray Stone Point Capital). Before this, she was a Director at GE Capital
Fosh Futures Ltd. He subsequently sold the business in 2002 to in London, co-running the business development team responsible
ICAP plc, before joining Novae Group. for mergers and acquisitions in Europe. She started her career as
an investment banker with Baring Brothers and then Schroders.
She is a trustee of the Lloyd’s Charities Trust. She also chairs
the Development Council for the Almeida Theatre Company and
previously chaired the Advisory Council for Almeida Projects,
the theatre’s educational outreach programme.
Lawrence Holder Dr Fred Hu*
(Working member) (Nominated member)
Lawrence Holder has been Managing Director of Cathedral Fred Hu is a renowned economist and investor. Between 1997
Underwriting Limited since 2000 and has worked in the Lloyd’s and 2010 he was with Goldman Sachs as a Partner and Chairman
Market since 1983. He is a member of the Lloyd’s Market of Greater China. He is now Chairman of Primavera Capital
Association Board and is a Trustee of the Lloyd’s Charities Trust. Group, a China-based global investment firm. He is a Non-
Executive Director of Hang Seng Bank, the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange and South China Morning Post, a Trustee of Yale-
China Association, Co-Chair of the Nature Conservancy Asia
Pacific Council, and a member of the US Council on Foreign
Relations’ Global Board of Advisors.
*Considered to be independent members of Council.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 105
Julian James Neil Maidment
(Working member) (Working member)
Julian James is President, Global Markets for Allied World Neil Maidment has worked in the Lloyd’s market for 31 years.
Assurance Company and the CEO of Allied World Managing He is Chief Underwriting Officer of Beazley plc and Active
Agency Ltd. He has worked in the Lloyd’s market since 1981 Underwriter for its six Lloyd’s syndicates. He is a Director of
after starting his insurance career at Sedgwick (one of the former Beazley Furlonge Limted, the group’s Lloyd’s managing agency,
companies of Marsh & McLennan). Prior to joining Allied World and a Director of Beazley plc. In 2011 he was elected to the Board
he was CEO of Lockton International and a Director of the of the Lloyd’s Market Association and was appointed its
Corporation of Lloyd’s. He is a past President of the Chartered Chairman in November 2015.
Insurance Institute and serves as a member of Council for
The Insurance Institute of London.
Sir David Manning GCMG KCVO* Henrique Meirelles*
(Nominated member) (Nominated member)
Member of the Nominations Committee
Sir David Manning retired from the Diplomatic Service in 2007 Henrique Meirelles is Chairman of Lazard Americas and J&F
after four years as British Ambassador to the United States. (holding company of JBS and five other companies). He is also
He is a Director of Gatehouse, and a Non-Executive Director a Non-Executive Director of Azul Linhas Aéreas Brasileiras and
of Lockheed Martin UK. He is Chair of the Advisory Board of Head of Associação Viva o Centro, an NGO he founded in the
‘IDEAS’ at the London School of Economics and on the Panel 1990s for the revitalisation of the downtown area in São Paulo.
of Senior Advisers at the Royal Institute of International Affairs, He was the longest-serving President of Brazil’s Central Bank
Chatham House. from 2003–2010. Previously, he was President of BankBoston
Corporation. In 2002 he was elected a Congressman in Brazil.
*Considered to be independent members of Council.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 106
Corporate Governance continued
The Council of Lloyd’s
Philip Swatman Michael Watson
Representative of Nomina No 115 LLP Representative of Flectat Limited
(External member) (External member)
Member of the Remuneration Committee
Member of the Audit Committee
Philip Swatman is a Chartered Accountant and has been a Michael Watson is Chairman of Sompo Canopius AG of which
Member of Lloyd’s since 1987. He worked for NM Rothschild he led the management buy-out in 2003. Sompo Canopius is
for 29 years, becoming Co-Head of Investment Banking. the global specialty re(insurance) platform of Sompo Holdings
He retired as a Vice-Chairman in 2008. He is or has been with its principal operations at Lloyd’s. He has over 35 years’
a Non-Executive Director or Chairman of nine companies. experience in commercial and investment banking, trade finance,
stock broking, life and non-life insurance, gained in London,
Bermuda and New York. He currently serves on the Board of
the Lloyd’s Market Association and is a Chartered Accountant.
*Considered to be independent members of Council.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 107
Corporate Governance continued
The Franchise Board
John Nelson Sir Andrew Cahn KCMG*
Chairman of Lloyd’s
Chairman of the Nominations Committee
Member of the Remuneration Committee
Biography on page 102. Sir Andrew Cahn is a Non-Executive Director at Nomura
International plc and General Dynamics (UK). He is also a Non-
Executive Director of Huawei Technologies (UK) and chairs its
Audit Committee. He is Chair of WWF (UK) and on the International
Inga Beale
Board of WWF as well as Chairman of the Global Audit Committee.
Chief Executive Officer
He is also a Trustee of the Gatsby Foundation, the Arvon
Foundation and the Institute for Government. Until 2011 he
was CEO of UK Trade and Investment.
Biography on page 102.
Mark Cloutier
Member of the Audit Committee
Tom Bolt
Director, Performance Management
Mark Cloutier was appointed Chief Executive Officer of the
Brit Group in October 2011. He serves on the Boards of Brit Ltd
and Brit Syndicates Limited and is a Member of the Investment
Tom Bolt joined Lloyd’s in September 2009. Previously, he was
Committee and the Underwriting Committee. With over 35 years’
Managing Director of Marlborough Managing Agency. He has
experience working in the international insurance and reinsurance
extensive experience in international insurance and reinsurance
sector, he holds a number of non-executive positions and has
across the UK, US and Europe and has held senior roles in
held a number of CEO and senior executive positions, including
Berkshire Hathaway’s reinsurance divisions and as President
CEO of the Alea Group, CEO of Overseas Partners Re and
of some of its insurance subsidiaries. He also assisted in the
President of E.W. Blanch Insurance Services Inc. He has worked
formation of Bankers Trust Insurance Derivatives business, as
with a variety of private equity investors including Apollo
well as a related group of insurance and reinsurance companies.
Management International LP, CVC Capital Partners,
Kohlberg Kravis Roberts (KKR) and Fortress.
*Considered to be an independent non-executive director.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 108
Corporate Governance continued
The Franchise Board
Charles Franks Nicholas Furlonge
Member of the Audit Committee Member of the Nominations Committee
Member of the Remuneration Committee
Charles Franks is Group Chief Executive Officer of Tokio Marine Nicholas Furlonge has worked in the Lloyd’s market since 1972
Kiln Group and of its Lloyd’s managing agency, Tokio Marine Kiln and co-founded Beazley. He has served on a number of Lloyd’s
Syndicates Limited (formerly R J Kiln & Co) and insurance Boards and Committees including the Lloyd’s Market Association
company Tokio Marine Kiln Insurance Limited. Having joined and as Chairman of the Lloyd’s Community Programme. He is a
Kiln in 1993, he became a Director of R J Kiln in 1995 and was Non-Executive Director of Beazley Furlonge Limited.
appointed Active Underwriter of the Marine division in 2001.
He became Chief Executive of R J Kiln In 2007. He is an
Executive Officer of Tokio Marine Holdings.
Joy Griffiths* Claire Ighodaro CBE*
Chairman of the Audit Committee
Joy Griffiths is Global Managing Director, Decision Analytics and Claire Ighodaro is Audit Committee Chair. She is a Non-Executive
Chairman, Asia Pacific region, Experian. Prior to joining Experian, Director and Governance Committee Chair of Merrill Lynch
she worked in financial services for over 30 years and held International, Non-Executive Director and Audit Committee Chair
executive positions across a broad range of functional disciplines of Flood Re and a Council Member of the University of Surrey.
with Lloyds Banking Group in the UK, Wells Fargo in the US and She has served as Audit Committee Chair of UK Trade and
Westpac Banking Corporation in Australia. Investment, the British Council, Lending Standards Board,
the Shell (Nig) Pension Fund and the Open University and
was a Senior Executive at BT. She is a past President of CIMA
(the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants) and sits
on the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants.
*Considered to be an independent non-executive director.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 109
Sean McGovern
John Parry
Chief Risk Officer & General Counsel
Director, Finance
Sean McGovern joined Lloyd’s in 1996, became a director in John Parry, Director, Finance, is responsible for the financial
2002 and Chief Risk Officer in 2014. He is responsible for risk reporting of the Market’s results and capital adequacy. Finance
governance and Lloyd’s global legal, regulatory and government also covers Treasury and Investment Management and the tax
affairs. He is a board member of TheCityUK and is also Chairman affairs of the Corporation and Market in the UK and overseas.
of its International Trade & Investment Group. In 2011 he was He joined Lloyd’s in August 2001 and previously led Lloyd’s
appointed as a member of the US Federal Advisory Committee solvency and regulatory reporting requirements and the process
on Insurance and in 2015 he was appointed as a member of for review and agreement of capital requirements for each
the Terrorism Risk Advisory Committee. He is also a Trustee business in the Lloyd’s Market.
of The Centre for Effective Dispute Resolution (CEDR),
which promotes conflict management and dispute resolution.
Dr Martin Read CBE* Bruce Van Saun*
Member of the Remuneration Committee Member of the Audit Committee
Member of the Nominations Committee
Martin Read is Chairman of Laird plc, the two government-owned Bruce Van Saun is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
companies (the Low Carbon Contracts Company and the Electricity Citizens Financial Group, Inc. (CFG). He joined CFG in October
Settlements Company) set up to manage contracts and payments 2013 after serving as RBS Group Finance Director and as an
under the electricity market reform programme, the Remuneration Executive Director of the RBS Board since 2009. He has more
Consultants Group and the UK Government Senior Salaries Review than 30 years of financial services experience. From 1997–2008,
Body. He was Chief Executive of international IT services company he held a number of senior positions with Bank of New York and
Logica from 1993–2007 and has served as a non-executive director later Bank of New York Mellon, including Vice Chairman and Chief
on the boards of Invensys, Aegis Group, British Airways, Siemens Financial Officer. Earlier in his career, he held senior positions
Holdings, Boots, ASDA and the UK Government Efficiency and with Deutsche Bank, Wasserstein Perella Group and Kidder
Reform Board. He led UK government reviews on back office Peabody & Co. He has served on a number of boards in both the
operations and IT across the public sector (2009) and management US and UK. He is currently a Director of Moody’s Corporation
information (2012). (New York) and a member of The Clearing House Supervisory
Board. He is also a board member of the National Constitution
Center and of Jobs for Massachusetts, and is a Fellow of the
Foreign Policy Association.
*Considered to be an independent non-executive director.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 110
Internal Control Statement
The Franchise Board, on behalf of the Council of Lloyd’s, has Lloyd’s maintains an internal audit function that reports to the
responsibility for the Society’s system of internal control and for CEO and the Audit Committee. The Head of Internal Audit is
reviewing its effectiveness. The Audit Committee monitors and supported by Deloitte LLP which provides resources to complete
reviews the effectiveness of the system of internal control, the annual Internal Audit Plan.
providing biannual reports to the Franchise Board. The Executive
Identification and evaluation of business risks
Team is responsible for the implementation and maintenance of
The Risk Management Framework (the framework) ensures that
the internal control system and for instilling a strong internal
the identification, assessment, monitoring and management of
control environment across the Corporation and market.
all material risks affecting the Society takes place on an ongoing
The internal control system provides the foundation for the safe
basis. The framework includes a number of risk assessment
and sound operation of the business, ensuring compliance with
techniques, which are tailored to specific risk areas. These
relevant laws and regulations and the safeguarding of assets.
processes are described in more detail in the Risk Management
The system is designed to reduce, rather than eliminate, the risk
section on pages 25–26.
of failure to achieve business objectives and can only provide
One such technique is the comprehensive risk and control
reasonable but not absolute assurance against material
assessment process, which is conducted on a quarterly basis.
misstatement or loss.
This review re-assesses the existing risks and identifies any new
In accordance with the guidance of the UK Corporate Governance
risks. It evaluates the performance of key controls and also seeks
Code on internal control and Solvency II requirements, there is
to monitor the action plans in place to help manage risks. The
an established, ongoing process for identifying, evaluating and
framework also enables Lloyd’s to undertake a more forward
managing significant business, operational, financial, compliance
looking assessment of risk, building capital consideration into
and other risks. Other procedures such as our Speaking-up Policy
decision making processes. An Own Risk and Solvency
whereby any member of staff may take matters that concern them
Assessment (ORSA) is performed every year, bringing together
to the Head of Human Resources, the Legal and Compliance
key risk, capital and solvency management information on a more
department or, where appropriate, to the Chairman of the Audit
formal basis for the Franchise Board on a current and future
Committee or the FCA or the PRA, are clearly set out. Associate
basis. Whilst an annual process, the ORSA is reviewed on a
companies, Ins-sure Holdings Limited and Xchanging Claims
quarterly basis to ensure it remains relevant.
Services Limited, are not dealt with as part of the group for the
The risk governance structure comprises the Risk Committee
purposes of applying the UK Corporate Governance Code.
plus three specialist sub-committees: the Syndicate Risk
The Group’s key risk management processes and the system
Committee, the Financial Risk Committee and the Corporation
of internal control procedures include the following:
Risk Committee. These provide clear independent challenge to
Management structure the risk takers at Lloyd’s and enables tailored risk management
operating models, rather than a ‘one-size-fits-all’ platform.
‘Lloyd’s Governance Arrangements: A Guide for Members of
The risk committees oversee, challenge and where appropriate
Lloyd’s Committees’, reviewed and updated in 2014, outlines
escalate issues using appropriate management information (MI)
the governance structure and committee members’ duties
sourced from the Risk Management and internal control
and responsibilities, including confidentiality and conflicts
frameworks, such as the various risk and control assessments,
and declarations of interest.
details of the operating and regulatory environment and capital
There is a clearly defined organisation structure with terms of
management reports.
reference agreed for the CEO and all directors which set out,
A key objective of the Lloyd’s risk governance structure is to
inter alia, their functions and powers, authority to act and
provide assurance to the Franchise Board that risks facing the
limitations on authority. Employees have role profiles agreed by
Society are identified and managed in accordance with approved
their line manager which set out equivalent information.
policy and risk appetite. The Risk Appetite Framework articulates
The Society is committed to the highest standards of business
the level of risk believed to be acceptable and desirable for Lloyd’s
conduct. Corporate policies and procedures are available to all
through a series of risk appetite statements and metrics. These
staff and include the Code of Conduct, Compliance Manual,
are monitored on an ongoing basis by both the business areas
Employee Handbook, Health & Safety Policy, Information
responsible for each risk area and the relevant risk committee.
Security and Computer Usage Policy, Procurement Policy,
Risk Policies, Financial Policies and authorisation limits. These
policies and procedures are regularly reviewed and updated.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 111
A framework of regular self-certification, with targeted
independent challenge, is in place and where control failures
have been reported, details of the circumstances are required
together with appropriate corrective actions. A summary of these
reports is reviewed by the Executive Team, the Corporation Risk
Committee, Franchise Board and the Audit Committee on a
regular basis.
Internal auditors also perform independent reviews of control
activities as part of their annual programme as approved by the
Audit Committee. The Head of Internal Audit and the Legal and
Compliance department report to the Executive Team on a
regular basis and to each Audit Committee meeting.
A compliance plan is in place to manage the risk associated
with non-compliance with FCA/PRA regulatory processes.
The Head of Internal Audit and the Legal and Compliance
department provide progress reports to the Risk Committees
and the Audit Committee. The Risk Committees also oversee
the wider co-ordination of international regulatory compliance
risk through the Overseas Risk Assessments completed by
global offices and the Overseas Review Meeting held prior
to every Corporation Risk Committee meeting.
Information and financial reporting systems
An annual budget for the Society is reviewed in detail by the
Executive and is considered and approved by the Franchise
Board and Council. Monthly financial reports compare actual
performance with the annual budget and management action
is taken, where appropriate, when variances arise. Revised
forecasts are prepared regularly.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 112
Report of the Remuneration Committee
This report is based upon best practice as set out in the UK Review of remuneration policy
Corporate Governance Code and by reference to the directors’ The Committee has reviewed Lloyd’s remuneration policy against
remuneration reporting regulations for UK listed companies. Solvency II requirements and has agreed appropriate changes
The code and regulations are directed at companies listed on to the policy. Other than the ‘risk underpin’ for both annual bonus
the London Stock Exchange, whereas Lloyd’s is a market of and LPP awards referred to above, the most material amendment
many separate and competing trading entities; nonetheless, relates to the deferral of LPP payments. For 2016 and subsequent
Council supports their principles insofar as they can be years, for the CEO, all directors and the senior management
applied to the governance of the Society. population, payment of LPP awards will be deferred for a full
three years following the end of the relevant financial year.
Statement by Chair of Remuneration Committee
Any LPP awards relating to the 2016 financial year will therefore
I am pleased to present the Remuneration Committee’s report
not be payable until February 2020.
for 2015 in the following pages.
The Committee will continue to review the remuneration policy
As in previous years, the Committee continues to focus on
against wider best practice, including the Senior Insurance
delivering an appropriate remuneration policy that is capable
Managers Regime and, where necessary, update it as required.
of attracting and retaining the calibre of employees needed
to deliver Vision 2025 and maintain an effective market Andy Haste
oversight regime. Chairman, Remuneration Committee
22 March 2016
Our remuneration structure for executive directors at Lloyd’s
reflects the unique nature of the Corporation. We continue to
operate a policy with a decreased emphasis on variable pay
(annual bonus and LPP) to reflect better the nature and role
of the organisation.
Key remuneration decisions
For 2015 neither Inga Beale nor Sean McGovern received a salary
increase. Tom Bolt received an increase of 4%. Due to John Parry
being appointed Director, Finance in December 2014, his salary
remained unchanged.
For 2016, Inga Beale received a salary increase of 2%, her first
increase since joining Lloyd’s in January 2014. Tom Bolt received
no salary increase. Sean McGovern and John Parry received 1%
and 6% increases respectively.
2015 was a successful year for the Lloyd’s market and the
Corporation, which is reflected in the LPP and bonus awards.
The latter are driven off an assessment of each director’s
performance against individual key performance indicators.
The Committee intends to continue to ensure the KPIs are
stretching and aimed at delivering Vision 2025 while remaining
in accordance with Lloyd’s risk policies and risk appetite. As part
of its review of Lloyd’s remuneration policy with Solvency II
requirements (see below), the Committee has considered the
‘risk underpin’ and has agreed procedures to make sure this is
fully considered and assessed when considering annual bonus
awards and LPP awards for 2016 and subsequent years.
The Chairman’s fees for 2015 and 2016 remained unchanged at
the level set when his contract was renewed for a further three
years in October 2014.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 113
Remuneration policy
This part of the report sets out the policy for the CEO and executive directors’ remuneration. For the purposes of this report,
‘executive directors’ refers to Tom Bolt (Director, Performance Management), Sean McGovern (Chief Risk Officer and General
Counsel) and John Parry (Director, Finance) – i.e. directors who are members of the Franchise Board.
Corporation remuneration policy
The approach to remuneration for all current and future employees is set out in Lloyd’s Remuneration Policy as follows:
Lloyd’s operates a Total Reward approach, which is designed to meet employee and Corporation needs by providing rewards
that are linked to individual performance and the delivery of Lloyd’s Corporation objectives.
Lloyd’s Total Reward approach is supported by the following practices:
– The approach looks beyond base salary to the value of the total reward package in meeting the needs of employees;
– We recognise and reward superior performance; and
– Our remuneration practices are designed to promote and reward sound and effective risk management.
Lloyd’s policy is therefore based on providing a package of rewards (salary plus benefits) that is business driven, competitive,
fair and flexible. It is also founded on the proposition that the ultimate source of value in the business is people. Combining this
creates a reward offering which:
– Emanates from business strategies and priorities;
– Is based on business success (i.e. our ability to pay);
– Provides a flexible mix of rewards, designed to attract, retain and motivate a performance-driven workforce with the varied
range of experience and skills the business requires;
– Is externally competitive;
– Rewards for performance rather than cost of living;
– Ensures employees understand the criteria by which rewards are determined and reviewed;
– Gives managers the tools to make informed decisions regarding rewarding their teams; and
– Is in line with our equality and diversity policy.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 114
Report of the Remuneration Committee continued
CEO and executive director remuneration policy
The structure of total compensation for the CEO and executive directors is designed to reflect the nature of the Corporation. The fixed
element is higher and the variable (performance-related) element lower, in order to reflect better the role of the Corporation of Lloyd’s
and so that remuneration arrangements are more in line with other organisations with a similar role.
A significant proportion of executive remuneration continues to be performance-related and determined by annual performance reviews.
The following table sets out the components included in the Corporation’s CEO and executive director remuneration policy:
Purpose and link
Element to strategy Operation Maximum Performance conditions
Base salary Salaries set to appropriately Generally reviewed by the There is no maximum salary None
recognise responsibilities and Remuneration Committee increase; however, any
be broadly market competitive. annually. increases will generally reflect
our approach to all employee
salary increases. Exceptions,
in certain circumstances, may
be made, for example to
reflect a new appointment,
change in role/adoption of
additional responsibilities,
changes to market practice or
the development of the
individual in the role.
Annual bonus To link reward to short-term Discretionary annual bonus Current bonus maximums as Specific and measurable
performance and determined by the Committee a percentage of salary are: targets and key performance
contributions. taking into account reference indicators are established
to performance against CEO: 75% (with on target where possible to help
objectives and key of 45%) determine bonus awards.
performance indicators.
Director, Performance Payouts are discretionary
For bonuses payable in Management: 67% and take into account the
respect of performance in individual’s achievements
2014 and subsequent years, Director, Finance: 50% and contribution to the
the Committee retains the (with on target of 30%) Corporation in the year and
discretion to clawback performance against the
annual bonus awards in Chief Risk Officer and objectives and individual key
circumstances including, General Counsel: 50% performance indicators.
but not limited to, material
misstatement of financial
performance or misconduct.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 115
Remuneration policy table continued
Purpose and link
Element to strategy Operation Maximum Performance conditions
Lloyd’s Performance Plan To offer an incentive which Annual LPP Awards are For the CEO and Director, Annual LPP Awards are
(LPP) is directly linked to the calculated by reference Finance, an individual cap calculated by reference to
profitability of the Lloyd’s to profit levels in the year. of 50% of salary applies. Lloyd’s profit for the year.
market.
For 2015, for the CEO, and the For the Director, Performance LPP Awards will only be
Director, Finance (in respect Management and the Chief triggered for profit in excess
of awards earned subsequent Risk Officer & General of £100m.
to his appointment to the Counsel, an individual cap
Board), the whole award is of 100% of salary applies.
deferred, and is paid in
October of the third financial
year following the end of the
performance period.
For 2015, for the Director,
Performance Management
and the Chief Risk Officer &
General Counsel, the LPP is
structured as an ongoing fund,
where annual awards are
added to a notional LPP fund,
a significant portion of which
pays out in future years.
For 2016 and subsequent
years, for the CEO and the
executive directors, the whole
of the LPP award will be
deferred for three years and
will be paid in the fourth
financial year following the
end of the performance period.
The Committee may apply
malus and clawback to LPP
Awards in respect of 2014
and subsequent years.
Benefits To provide market levels Benefits include a benefits The maximum benefits cash None
of benefits. cash allowance, private allowance is £11,000.
medical insurance, life
insurance and a season There is no overall maximum
ticket loan facility. for total benefits as the cost
of medical and life insurance
The CEO does not receive depends on the individual’s
a benefits cash allowance. circumstances.
Relocation benefits To support Lloyd’s Relocation benefits may There is no overall maximum. None
international strategy or to be offered in certain
facilitate recruitment circumstances.
Neither the CEO nor the
executive directors have been
given relocation benefits.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 116
Report of the Remuneration Committee continued
Remuneration policy table continued
Purpose and link
Element to strategy Operation Maximum Performance conditions
Pension To provide market levels of Group Personal Pension Plan
pension provision.
The CEO is a member of the For the CEO, the Corporation None
Group Personal Pension Plan, makes an annual contribution
which is a defined contribution of £40,000 to the Group
plan. The CEO also receives a Personal Pension Plan.
cash allowance. The cash allowance is 20%
of base salary.
Lloyd’s provides for the
payment of a lump sum in the
event of death in service.
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme
Subject to a scheme earnings
cap, the executive directors
continue to be members of
the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme
which is a defined benefit
scheme and is no longer open
to new joiners.
The scheme is contributory. Defined benefit accrual rates
The accrual rate may be vary per participant.
increased in exchange for
additional contributions, or
salary sacrifices may be made
for employer contributions of
the same amount.
Executive directors receive The cash allowance is 20%
a cash allowance to of base salary.
compensate for the pension
benefits being based on the
scheme earnings cap rather
than their base salaries.
Where a member of the There is an additional cash
Lloyd’s pension scheme allowance of 10% of the
leaves the scheme as a result scheme earnings cap where
of the impact of 6 April 2014 a member leaves the scheme
changes to the annual and as a result of the impact of
lifetime allowances they may 6 April 2014 changes to
be eligible for an additional the annual and lifetime
cash allowance. allowances.
Dependants are eligible for
dependants’ pensions and the
payment of a lump sum in the
event of death in service.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 117
Performance measures and targets
The annual bonus is based on performance against objectives and individual key performance indicators. The Committee believes
this approach ensures alignment to Lloyd’s key strategic objectives and that bonus payouts are geared to individual performance.
The LPP Awards are driven by the profitability of the Lloyd’s market, creating alignment to the overall performance of the Lloyd’s market.
For 2016 both the annual bonus and the LPP will be subject to a potential downwards risk adjustment following the Committee’s
consideration of a scorecard of relevant risk metrics.
Malus and clawback
For LPP Awards and annual bonus awards in respect of 2014 and subsequent years, malus and clawback provisions apply.
Malus may be applied prior to payment including any deferral period. For senior employees (excluding the CEO) the circumstances
in which malus may be applied are employee misconduct, material financial misstatement for which the employee was responsible,
or deliberate or negligent failure in risk management for which the employee was responsible. In addition, the Committee retains the
discretion to clawback awards for a period of six years from the date of award. The circumstances in which clawback may be applied
are serious employee misconduct, material financial misstatement for which the employee was responsible, or deliberate failure in risk
management for which the employee was responsible.
For the CEO, the circumstances in which malus may be applied are broader and include, but are not limited to, employee misconduct
or the performance indicators relied on to determine the award being found to be materially different. The circumstances in which
clawback may be applied are employee misconduct or the performance indicators relied on by the Committee being found to be
materially different to those previously considered by the Committee (whether or not involving any culpability on the part of the
individual). The clawback period is indefinite for the CEO.
Comparison of policy to broader employee population
The remuneration policy for the CEO and executive directors follows the same broad principles as the policy for all employees in
the Corporation. Any differences in the specific policies generally reflect differences in market practice for differences in seniority.
Key elements of the remuneration policy which apply for all employees are as follows:
– All employees in the Corporation are eligible to participate in the LPP. For directors and senior management (other than the CEO, Director,
Operations and the Director, Finance) in 2015 the LPP operated as an ongoing fund (deferral). For 2016 onwards, LPP awards will be
deferred for three years for the CEO, all directors and senior management. For other employees the LPP is a series of annual awards;
– All employees are eligible for a discretionary bonus; and
– The framework for provision of benefits and pensions is consistent across all employees in the Corporation.
Fee policy for the Chairman and members of the Council of Lloyd’s and Franchise Board who are not employees of the Corporation
In addition to his salary, the Chairman is entitled to receive private medical insurance. He does not participate in the Corporation’s
incentive plans.
The Chairman and CEO are responsible for making recommendations to the Council for the remuneration of members of Council,
the Franchise Board and their committees (other than themselves and the executive directors). In making their recommendations,
the Chairman and CEO may liaise and consult with the Remuneration Committee as they think appropriate.
Remuneration for all members of Council and Franchise Board who are not employees of the Corporation is designed to attract people
of sufficient calibre and experience to govern Lloyd’s affairs by providing an appropriate level of fees which reflects the demands made
upon them. Reference may also be made to independent surveys of fees paid to non-executive directors of similar organisations.
Fees for non-employee members of the Council and Franchise Board comprise payment of an annual fee and additional fees to reflect
specific responsibilities, where applicable.
Annual fees Payment of an annual fee for the following:
– Council of Lloyd’s membership;
– Franchise Board membership; and
– Deputy Chairman
Additional fees Additional fees are paid to reflect additional responsibilities in respect of membership or chairmanship
of a number of Council and Franchise Board committees, including ad hoc committees established to
consider specific issues requiring a significant time commitment.
Non-employee members of the Council and Franchise Board are not eligible to join the Lloyd’s Pension arrangements.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 118
Report of the Remuneration Committee continued
Illustrations of the application of remuneration policy
2000
£1,796k £1,787k
20%
1500 £1,403k 34% £1,386k
£1,286k
13%
30%
23% £1,037k £1,022k 35%
23%
1000 £902k £785k 16% 22% £846k 21% 24% Long-term
£612k 1 1 3 5% % 21% £658k 12% 17% v re a m ria u b n l e e r ation
Annual
500 variable
100% 64% 50% 100% 61% 44% 100% 72% 58% 100% 64% 48% remuneration
Fixed remuneration
(including pension
and other benefits)
0
Min Mid Max Min Mid Max Min Mid Max Min Mid Max
CEO Director, Performance Director, Finance Chief Risk Officer and
Management General Counsel
Scenario Assumptions
Minimum No annual bonus, no LPP.
Middle CEO and Director, Finance – On target bonus (i.e. 60% of maximum bonus)
and 50% of maximum LPP.
Other executive directors – 50% of maximum bonus and 50% of maximum LPP.
Maximum 100% of bonus and maximum LPP.
Approach to remuneration in respect of recruitment
The following principles would apply when agreeing the components of a remuneration package upon the recruitment of a new
executive director:
– In order to facilitate the future success of the Corporation, any package will be sufficient to attract executive directors of the calibre
required to deliver the Corporation’s strategic priorities. The Committee will seek to ensure that no more than is necessary is paid on
recruitment, while taking into account the highly competitive market for executive talent;
– Typically, the individual will be transitioned onto an ongoing remuneration package that is in line with the policy set out in the
Remuneration Policy table above. However, given the unique nature of Lloyd’s, the Committee reserves the right to consider the
structure of the package in the context of the strategic objectives of Lloyd’s and the circumstances of the appointment;
– The Committee may, on appointing an executive director, need to ‘buy out’ terms or remuneration arrangements forfeited on leaving
a previous employer. The terms of any buy out would be determined taking into account the terms of the forfeited awards (e.g. form
of award, performance conditions, timeframe). The overriding principle will be that any replacement buy out awards should be of
comparable commercial value to the awards that have been forfeited. So far as practical, the awards will also have comparable time
horizons to those forfeited. Where the Committee feels it is appropriate given the specific circumstances, the Committee maintains
discretion to include remuneration components which are not included in the Remuneration Policy table above;
– The Committee retains the flexibility to make additional awards for the purpose of recruitment where there is a strong rationale to
do so. There is no set policy maximum level of variable remuneration which may be granted in addition to the ongoing policy. Given
the nature of Lloyd’s, while flexibility is maintained, it is not anticipated that the Committee would make additional variable incentive
awards for a new recruit (excluding buy outs) over and above those set out in the Remuneration Policy table;
– Where an executive director is appointed from within the organisation, the normal policy is that any legacy arrangements would be
honoured in line with the original terms and conditions. Similarly, for any appointments following corporate reorganisation/activity,
legacy terms and conditions would be honoured; and
– Additional costs and support may be provided if the recruitment requires relocation of the individual.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 119
Service contracts and loss of office payment policy
The CEO and executive directors have rolling contracts with notice periods which will not exceed one year.
John Nelson’s contract covers his services as Chairman of Lloyd’s and Chairman of the Franchise Board.
Unexpired term as at
31 December 2015 Notice period
John Nelson1 21 months 12 months
Inga Beale2 rolling 1 year 12 months
Tom Bolt3 rolling 1 year 12 months
Sean McGovern4 rolling 1 year 12 months
John Parry5 rolling 6 months 6 months
Notes
1) John Nelson was appointed to the Franchise Board and Council on 17 October 2011.
2) Inga Beale was appointed to the Franchise Board and Council on 27 January 2014.
3) Tom Bolt was appointed to the Franchise Board on 1 January 2010.
4) Sean McGovern was appointed to the Franchise Board on 16 May 2014.
5) John Parry was appointed to the Franchise Board on 11 December 2014.
The Chairman, CEO and executive directors’ service contracts are kept available for inspection by Lloyd’s members at the
Corporation’s registered office.
External and working members are elected to Council while nominated members are appointed to Council, usually for a three-year
period. Members of the Franchise Board are appointed by Council with non-executive directors’ terms of office varying between
one and three years. These are not contractual arrangements and compensation is not paid if a member leaves early.
Upon the termination of employment of an executive director or the CEO (other than upon dismissal in circumstances justifying
summary termination), the following principles will apply for the determination of remuneration.
Compensation for termination of employment
If the CEO or executive director works out his or her notice period, he or she will be entitled to payment as normal during the period
of notice. Alternatively, the Corporation reserves the right to terminate the employment by making a payment in lieu of notice.
In these circumstances, the Corporation’s policy is that the outgoing employee would be entitled to receive an amount equal to
base salary only in respect of his or her notice period. The sum will be paid in monthly instalments to the CEO and, in respect of
the executive directors, the sum may be paid in monthly instalments at the Corporation’s discretion. In both cases, the sum paid
may be reduced to reflect alternative income. In certain circumstances a contribution towards legal fees and outplacement facilities
may be made.
Annual bonus
If the CEO or executive director leaves the Corporation’s employment on or before the date on which an annual bonus award would
otherwise have been paid, he or she will not be entitled to that annual bonus award. However, the Remuneration Committee may
determine that the CEO or executive director may receive a bonus in respect of the financial year of cessation based on performance
in the year. Any bonus would be pro-rated for time.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 120
Report of the Remuneration Committee continued
Service contracts and loss of office payment policy continued
Consideration of conditions elsewhere in the Corporation
Information is provided to the Committee annually on bonuses awarded and salary increases granted across the Corporation at both
a total level and further broken down by grade and other components. Historical data is also provided.
Opinion on remuneration is encouraged from all employees via an annual staff survey. Market remuneration data may be collated
and shared with the Committee as a further consideration.
Remuneration policy and Lloyd’s members
The remuneration policy is approved by Council as part of its consideration of the annual report. The Council is a body two thirds
of which is elected by the members.
Legal status of policy report
The Corporation is not required to report under the directors’ remuneration report regulations, as these only apply to UK listed
companies. The Committee has chosen to follow the disclosure principles in those regulations in so far as they can be applied to
the governance of the Society.
This report sets out the Corporation’s current remuneration policy for the CEO and executive directors. The policy is not legally
binding, and the Committee reserves the right to amend the policy at any time.
Annual remuneration report
This part of the report sets out the annual remuneration for 2015 and the way in which policy is being applied for 2016.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 121
Single total figure of remuneration
The total remuneration receivable in respect of qualifying services for each person who served as a Franchise Board director or member of
Council during the year is shown below. Further detail on LPP Awards is shown on page 123-125.
Salary/fees Other benefits1 Annual bonus LPP Award Pension benefit2 Total
2015 2014 2015 2014 2015 2014 2015 2014 2015 2014 2015 2014
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Chairman of the Council of Lloyd’s
John Nelson3,4,7 575 535 20 22 – – – – – – 595 557
Executive directors
Inga Beale3,4,14 700 654 4 4 425 365 222 304 180 167 1,531 1,494
Tom Bolt3,5,6 598 577 24 23 350 318 254 365 161 151 1,387 1,434
Sean McGovern3,5,6,13 480 281 15 9 190 104 203 178 157 93 1,045 665
John Parry3,5,13 400 150 16 5 170 34 127 34 166 39 879 262
Non-executive Council members
Working members
Rupert Atkin 55 54 – – – – – – – – 55 54
Simon Beale 38 38 – – – – – – – – 38 38
Dominic Christian8 38 34 – – – – – – – – 38 34
Karen Green8 34 – – – – – – – – – 34 –
Christopher Harman 38 38 – – – – – – – – 38 38
Lawrence Holder 38 38 – – – – – – – – 38 38
External members
Robert Childs9 38 38 – – – – – – – – 38 38
Michael Deeny9 38 38 4 3 – – – – – – 42 41
Matthew Fosh9 38 38 – – – – – – – – 38 38
Paul Jardine7,9 64 64 – – – – – – – – 64 64
Alan Lovell7,9 60 60 – – – – – – – – 60 60
Michael Watson9 38 38 – – – – – – – – 38 38
Nominated members
Andy Haste7 86 86 – – – – – – – – 86 86
Fred Hu8 38 23 2 1 – – – – – – 40 24
Sir David Manning 45 45 – – – – – – – – 45 45
Henrique Meirelles 38 38 5 7 – – – – – – 43 45
Non-executive Franchise
Board members
Sir Andrew Cahn 60 60 – – – – – – – – 60 60
Mark Cloutier16 52 – – – – – – – – – 52 –
Charles Franks 69 69 – – – – – – – – 69 69
Nick Furlonge7 72 67 – – – – – – – – 72 67
Joy Griffiths15 60 40 – – – – – – – – 60 40
Claire Ighodaro 75 75 – – – – – – – – 75 75
Martin Read7 67 67 2 2 – – – – – – 69 69
Bruce Van Saun 76 74 – – – – – – – – 76 74
Former members of Council and
Franchise Board
Andrew Kendrick7,16 19 76 – – – – – – – – 19 76
Nick Marsh10 – 3 – – – – – – – – – 3
Luke Savage11 – 294 – 10 – – – – – 149 – 453
Andre Villeneuve12 – 17 – – – – – – – – – 17
Graham White10 4 45 – – – – – – – – 4 45
The information in this table has been audited by the independent auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 122
Report of the Remuneration Committee continued
Single total figure of remuneration continued
Table notes
1. Other benefits include items such as benefit allowances, medical and life insurance.
2. Pension benefit is calculated as 20 times the increase in pension in the year (net of inflation) less the salary sacrificed, and also includes any pension cash allowances.
3. Current employee of the Corporation.
4. Member of both Council and the Franchise Board for 2015.
5. Member of the Franchise Board only.
6. Tom Bolt is a non-executive director of Xchanging Claims Services. Sean McGovern was a director of Ins-sure Holdings Limited and various subsidiary companies until
11 September 2014. He is also a director of Equitas Holdings Limited and various subsidiary companies. No fees are or were payable for these appointments, other than
for Equitas Holdings Limited where £20k per annum is payable to the Corporation of Lloyd’s.
7. Member of the Remuneration Committee during 2015. Andrew Kendrick retired from the Remuneration Committee on 31 March 2015 and Nick Furlonge joined the
Remuneration Committee on 1 April 2015.
8. Dominic Christian and Fred Hu joined Council on 1 February 2014 and 12 May 2014 respectively. Karen Green joined Council on 1 February 2015.
9. The following members of Council act as representatives of limited liability underwriting vehicles – Robert Childs (Hiscox Dedicated Corporate Member Ltd);
Michael Deeny (The Michael Deeny LLP); Matthew Fosh (Novae Corporate Underwriting Ltd); Paul Jardine (Catlin Syndicate Ltd); Alan Lovell (Palace House International
(Two) LLP); Michael Watson (Flectat Ltd).
10. Nick Marsh retired from Council on 31 January 2014. Graham White retired from Council on 31 January 2015.
11. Luke Savage resigned as a Corporation employee and as a member of the Franchise Board on 24 July 2014.
12. Andre Villeneuve retired as a member of the Franchise Board on 31 March 2014.
13. Sean McGovern was appointed to the Franchise Board on 16 May 2014. John Parry was appointed to the Franchise Board on 11 December 2014 and was Interim Director
of Finance from 1 July 2014. The table only reflects remuneration received as executive directors (including, in the case of John Parry, the period as Interim Director of Finance).
14. Inga Beale commenced employment on 27 January 2014.
15. Joy Griffiths joined the Franchise Board on 25 April 2014.
16. Andrew Kendrick retired from the Franchise Board on 31 March 2015 and Mark Cloutier joined the Franchise Board on 1 April 2015.
Salary
The annual salaries and bonuses of the CEO and the executive directors are reviewed by the Remuneration Committee annually.
2016 salaries are as follows:
2016
Base salaries Increase
£000 on 2015
CEO 715 2%
Director, Performance Management 600 0%
Director, Finance 425 6%
Chief Risk Officer & General Counsel 485 1%
Annual bonus
Executive directors are eligible for a discretionary annual bonus, based on performance against objectives and individual key
performance indicators for the year. The maximum annual opportunity under the bonus for the CEO and each of the executive
directors for 2015 was as follows:
CEO 75% of base salary
Director, Performance Management 67% of base salary
Director, Finance 50% of base salary
Chief Risk Officer & General Counsel 50% of base salary
Performance measures
Individual payouts are based on the Committee’s judgement of performance against corporate and individual key performance
indicators (KPIs) for the year. The Remuneration Committee reviews strategic and operational objectives and KPIs at the start of the
financial year. These help in determining the annual bonus awards for the year and ensure that annual bonus awards are aligned to the
Corporation’s strategic objectives.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 123
Annual bonus continued
Bonus outturns for 2015
2015 has been a successful year for the Lloyd’s market and the Corporation. Key achievements against KPIs aligned to the delivery
of Vision 2025 included:
– A market oversight regime that contributed to a combined ratio at Q3 that was better than Lloyd’s primary competitor group;
– Approval of Lloyd’s Solvency II Internal Model by the PRA;
– Increasing Lloyd’s international presence. Approvals received from local regulators included – Colombia (authorisation to establish
a representative office); Mexico (authorisation to enable managing agents to bind business on the ground); and Finland (approval of
an establishment licence);
– Three new trade capital providers from developing markets joined the market;
– Good progress on the market modernisation agenda, including completing the discovery phase on the London Market Target
Operating Model (TOM) and completing an extensive consultation with the market. London Market TOM Steering Board has
been launched; and
– Refreshed Values and Behaviours for Corporation employees developed and approved.
Against that background, and taking into account an overall assessment of individual performance and contribution in the year,
the Committee determined the following annual bonus payments:
CEO £425k (81% of max)
Director, Performance Management £350k (87% of max)
Director, Finance £170k (85% of max)
Chief Risk Officer & General Counsel £190k (79% of max)
Lloyd’s Performance Plan
The Lloyd’s Performance Plan (LPP) is available to all employees and has been designed to meet strategic objectives by enabling
the Corporation to offer an incentive which:
– Is directly linked to the profitability of the Lloyd’s market and will therefore encourage an attitude of commercial partnership with
the market and align the interests of participants with capital providers; and
– Will provide a competitive reward and therefore assist Lloyd’s in attracting and retaining the talented individuals required to develop
and support future strategy.
The plan is operated at the discretion of the Remuneration Committee and can be amended or terminated at any time.
All employees of the Corporation and international offices are eligible to participate in the LPP on the basis set out as below. New
employees are eligible to participate in the LPP from the beginning of the month immediately following the start of their employment.
Calculation of LPP Awards
Awards under the LPP (LPP Awards) are calculated by reference to profit on ordinary activities before tax (PBT), as reported in the
pro forma financial statements in the Lloyd’s Annual Report for each financial year. LPP Awards will only be triggered if PBT in excess
of £100m is achieved.
The LPP Awards for each financial year will be calculated as a percentage of the participants’ salaries at 31 December in that year,
for each £1bn of PBT.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 124
Report of the Remuneration Committee continued
Lloyd’s Performance Plan continued
The framework for determining LPP Awards is as follows:
Amount of Limits on LPP Awards Limits on LPP Awards
Job level LPP Award (trigger) (cap)
CEO and directors appointed after 15% of salary per £1bn of PBT LPP Awards will be triggered only 50% of salary i.e. £3.3bn of PBT
1 January 2014 on the achievement of a minimum
threshold of £100m PBT. If PBT is
Other directors 20% of salary per £1bn of PBT 100% of salary i.e. £5bn of PBT
below £100m, no LPP Awards will
be made for that financial year.
Senior managers 10% of salary per £1bn of PBT 30% of salary i.e. £3bn of PBT
(Level 1)
Other employees 5%-3% of salary per £1bn of PBT 15%-9% of salary (depending on
(Level 2-4) depending on grade grade) i.e. £3bn of PBT
From 2016 LPP Awards will also be subject to a risk assessment underpin which will take into account relevant Lloyd’s market risk metrics.
For the purpose of the above table and the section below, directors refer to directors of the Corporation rather than only the executive
directors (directors who are members of the Franchise Board).
Structure and timing of payments
For directors and Level 1 employees the LPP operates with a significant element of deferral. For the CEO and directors appointed after
January 2014 the total award for 2014 and 2015 is deferred until the third year following the year of performance. For other directors
and Level 1 employees deferral is via an ongoing fund as described below:
Job level Awards Payments
CEO and directors appointed after Any LPP Award will be notified after the PBT for the Payment is deferred until October in the third year
1 January 2014 relevant year has been announced (i.e. participants will following the end of the relevant financial year,
be notified normally in May 2016 of any LPP award i.e. any LPP Award relating to financial year 2015
relating to the financial year 2015). will be received in October 2018.
Other directors and Level 1 employees Any LPP Award will be notified to the employee after the Each October one half of the total contents of the LPP
PBT for the relevant year has been announced (e.g. the Fund will be paid to the employee. Following the transition
employee will be notified normally in May 2016 of any LPP to three year deferral, 50% of the ongoing fund will be paid
Award relating to the financial year 2015). The total in October 2016 and the remaining balance will be paid
amount of the LPP Award will be added to the particular one year later.
employee’s LPP Fund.
For 2016 and subsequent years, for the CEO and all directors and Level 1 employees, any LPP award will be deferred until the fourth
year following the end of the relevant financial year.
LPP Awards in respect of 2015
For 2015, PBT of £2.1bn was achieved. As this is above the threshold level of £100m LPP Awards were made for the year. Based on this
PBT level and the LPP calculation described above, the LPP Awards as a percentage of salary were 31.7% for the CEO and the Director,
Finance and 42.3% for the Director, Performance Management and the Chief Risk Officer & General Counsel. The payment of these
awards will be made as described in the table above.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 125
Lloyd’s Performance Plan continued
A summary of movement in the directors’ LPP Funds in the year is provided below:
Total fund Amount paid
outstanding as at during the Total fund
31 December year ended LPP Award in outstanding as at
2014 or date of 31 December respect of 31 December
appointment 2015 2015 2015
£000 £000 £000 £000
Inga Beale 304 – 222 526
Tom Bolt 643 (322) 254 575
Sean McGovern 519 (259) 203 463
John Parry 122 (61) 127 188
The information in this table has been audited by the independent auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.
Pensions
The CEO receives an annual contribution of £40,000 into the Group Personal Pension Plan, the Corporation’s pension scheme.
She also receives a cash allowance of 20% of base salary.
The Director, Performance Management, the Director, Finance, and the Chief Risk Officer & General Counsel are members of the
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme. The terms of the Scheme and details of accruals and contributions in the year are as follows:
Details of pension arrangements Contributions and accruals in 2015
Tom Bolt Pension arrangements provide for a pension at retirement Salary sacrifice of 5% of the earnings cap for eightieth
built in annual blocks based on a standard accrual rate of accrual rate.
one eightieth of base annual salary subject to the Scheme
earnings cap in each year of eligible service with the
facility to increase the accrual rate to one thirtieth for an
additional contribution.
Sean McGovern Pension arrangements provide for a pension at normal Salary sacrifice of 10% of the earnings cap in exchange
John Parry retirement of two thirds base annual salary after 20 years’ for additional employer pension contributions of the
eligible service less any entitlement from previous pension same amount.
arrangements and subject to a Scheme earnings cap of
£149,400 from 6 April 2015.
The Director, Performance Management; the Director, Finance and the Chief Risk Officer & General Counsel also receive a cash
allowance of 20% of their base salary to compensate for their pension benefits being based on the Scheme earnings cap rather than
their base salaries.
No other payments to the CEO; the Director, Performance Management; the Director, Finance or the Chief Risk Officer & General
Counsel are pensionable. Their dependants are eligible for the payment of a lump sum in the event of death in service and, other than
the CEO, for dependants’ pensions.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 126
Report of the Remuneration Committee continued
Pensions continued
Details of the rights under the Lloyd’s pension scheme are set out below:
Increase in
Increase in pension in
pension in year to Total accrued
Salary sacrifice year to 31 December annual pension
in year to 31 31 December 2015 – net of in year to 31
December 2015 Age at 31 2015 – actual price inflation December 2015 Normal
£000 December 2015 £000 £000 £000 pa retirement age
Tom Bolt 7 59 3 2 3 65
Sean McGovern 15 45 4 4 4 60
John Parry 15 52 5 5 5 60
Details of the transfer values of accrued pension benefits are set out below:
Movement in
Transfer value Transfer value transfer value
of accrued of accrued over the year
pension as at 31 pension as at 31 less amounts
December 2014 December 2015 salary sacrificed
£000 £000 £000
Tom Bolt 154 191 29
Sean McGovern 667 742 60
John Parry 908 1,018 96
The transfer value represents a liability of the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme, not a sum paid or due to the individual.
The transfer values have increased over the year in line with the increase in accrued pensions and due to changes in market conditions.
The impact is more pronounced for those executive directors closer to retirement age.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 127
Additional disclosures
Seven-year CEO remuneration
Annual bonus
CEO single award as a LPP award as a
figure of total percentage of percentage of
remuneration maximum maximum
£000 opportunity opportunity
2015 1,531 81% 63%
2014 1,494 74% 95%
2013 1,795 75% 65%
2012 1,759 75% 55%
2011 1,499 90% 0%
2010 1,750 90% 44%
2009 1,771 83% 77%
Chief Executive Officer pay increase in relation to all employees
The table below sets out details of the change in remuneration for the CEO and all Corporation employees.
All
CEO % employees %
Salary 0 2.1
Other benefits 14.2 3.3
Annual bonus 8.8 8.1
The increase in other benefits of the CEO arises due to the increased cost of medical insurance.
The CEO’s start date was 27 January 2014, and the increase is calculated using annualised remuneration for 2014.
Relative importance of spend on pay
2015 2014
£000 £000
Operating income 238,765 222,167
Total remuneration – all employees 110,817 93,065
Operating income excludes income relating to the Central Fund. Total remuneration excludes items such as employer’s social security
costs, net interest on defined benefit liability, non-executive remuneration, and recruitment fees.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 128
Report of the Remuneration Committee continued
Remuneration for the Chairman and members of the Council of Lloyd’s and Franchise Board who are not employees
of the Corporation
The Chairman’s remuneration was not increased in 2015 and will remain unchanged at £575k per annum for 2016.
Fees for 2015 for Council and Franchise Board members were £37,500 and £60,000 per annum respectively. Fees for 2016 will
increase to £38,500 for Council members and £62,500 for Franchise Board members. This is the first increase for three years.
Fees are also payable in respect of membership of a number of Council and Franchise Board committees, including ad hoc
committees established to consider specific issues requiring a significant time commitment. These will remain at 2015 levels.
For 2015 the additional fee payable to the Deputy Chairmen, over and above the standard Council member’s fee, was £10,500
per annum. It will increase to £11,000 for 2016.
Details of the Remuneration Committee, advisers to the committee and their fees
Within the policy for remuneration approved by the Council, the Remuneration Committee is responsible for setting the total individual
remuneration package for the Chairman of Lloyd’s, the Chief Executive Officer, each executive director, the Secretary to the Council and
such other members of the executive management (including individual consultants) as it is designated to consider.
The Remuneration Committee currently comprises six members – three members of Council, two members of the Franchise Board
and the Chairman of Lloyd’s. It has been chaired by Andy Haste (a Nominated member of Council and Senior Independent Deputy
Chairman) since November 2012.
The Remuneration Committee met three times in 2015. The attendance record is set out in the Corporate Governance report on
page 100. The Committee’s terms of reference are available on the Lloyd’s website and on request from the Secretary to the Council.
The Remuneration Committee was assisted by its remuneration consultants, Deloitte LLP, who adhere to the Code of Conduct for
executive remuneration consultants. Deloitte LLP was appointed by the Remuneration Committee. Deloitte LLP adheres to working
practices which have been agreed with the Remuneration Committee Chairman, for the purpose of maintaining independence.
The Committee is satisfied that the advice received from Deloitte LLP was objective and independent. Total fees paid in respect of
advice and services to assist the Remuneration Committee amounted to £44k for the year. Deloitte LLP also provided other services
to the Corporation during the year, including the co-sourced Internal Audit resource, risk and project management advice, other ad-hoc
assurance services and tax advice.
At the request of the Remuneration Committee, the CEO and Head of HR regularly attend Remuneration Committee meetings.
Other senior executives are invited to attend for specific agenda items from time to time.
Neither the Chairman, nor the CEO, nor any other director, plays a part in any discussion about his or her own remuneration.
Andy Haste
Chairman, Remuneration Committee
22 March 2016
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 129
Report of the Audit Committee
Statement by Chair of Audit Committee The committee received technical updates from senior
management and the external auditor on developments
On the following pages we set out the Report of the Audit
in financial reporting, accounting policy and regulatory
Committee. The report comprises the following sections:
developments. In addition, the committee received an in-depth
– Composition of the Audit Committee;
presentation from the external auditor on integrated reporting
– Financial Reporting;
and an update on Solvency II Pillar III reporting from management.
– Internal Control; and
The committee’s terms of reference can be found on the
– Auditors.
Lloyd’s website.
Our principal aim is to assist the Council in discharging its
Financial reporting
responsibilities for monitoring the integrity of the Society’s
The committee reviewed the Lloyd’s published annual and interim
financial reporting, assessing the effectiveness of the internal
financial statements including the pro forma financial statements,
controls of the Society and monitoring the effectiveness,
the Aggregate Accounts, the Group financial statements of the
independence and objectivity of the internal and external auditors.
Society of Lloyd’s, Lloyd’s Return to the PRA and the interim
Claire Ighodaro, CBE
management statements of the Society of Lloyd’s. The committee,
Chairman, Audit Committee
with the support of the external auditor, assessed whether
22 March 2016
suitable accounting policies had been adopted and whether
management had made appropriate estimates and judgements.
Composition of the Audit Committee The principal issues reviewed in respect of the Society were:
The committee, at the end of 2015, comprised two external – The notional investment return on Funds at Lloyd’s and the
members of the Council and four non-executive members of the methodology of the calculation;
Franchise Board. The committee met five times during the year. – The valuation of the Lloyd’s pension scheme including
The members of the committee in 2015 and their attendance at a review of the appropriateness of the assumptions used
meetings are shown in the Corporate Governance report on in the calculation;
pages 100-101. – The methodology and assumptions used in the fair value
calculation of recoverable Central Fund loans made to
The committee members have extensive commercial experience
hardship members;
which enables the committee to fulfil its terms of reference in a
– The methodology and assumptions used in the calculation
robust and independent manner.
of amounts to be retained by the Society in respect of
For the purposes of the UK Corporate Governance Code, the
Central Fund Contributions and Subscriptions; and
committee considers that Claire Ighodaro, Alan Lovell, Paul
– Management’s assessment of the financial position of the
Jardine and Bruce Van Saun have recent and relevant financial
Society including forecasts and stress tests undertaken.
experience. More information on the skills and experience of the
committee members are set out in the biographies on pages At the request of the Council, the committee considered whether
102-109. the Annual Report was fair, balanced and understandable and
whether it provided the necessary information to assess
Members of the Executive Team and other senior management
performance, business model and strategy.
regularly attend meetings at the invitation of the Chairman
together with the Head of Internal Audit and the external auditor.
The committee as a whole meets privately with the internal and
external auditors on a regular basis.
In addition, throughout the year, the Chairman of the committee
meets informally and has open lines of communication with the
Executive Team, Head of Internal Audit, external auditors and
senior management.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 130
Report of the Audit Committee continued
Internal control The performance of Internal Audit is subject to ongoing
assessment and to an annual formal evaluation that is achieved
The committee reviewed and monitored the effectiveness of the
through assessment of the results of questionnaires completed
systems of internal control of the Society. Regular reports and
by the Executive Team and departments that have been subject
updates on specific control issues were received throughout the
to an internal audit in addition to committee members’ own views.
year. Specific issues considered were:
Deloitte LLP provides co-sourced Internal Audit resource who
– The committee reviewed reports from the Risk Committee on
report directly to the Head of Internal Audit. The committee
developments to the Lloyd’s Risk Framework. The committee
keeps under review the relationship with Deloitte LLP and the
also considered the quarterly risk and capital management
procedures to ensure appropriate independence of the Internal
information reports. Throughout the year, the committee was
Audit function is maintained.
updated on the key risks which are set out on pages 25-26;
– The committee reviewed internal audit reports, the actions External auditor
taken to implement the recommendations made in the reports The committee monitors and reviews the objectivity and
and the status of progress against previously agreed actions; independence of the external auditor. This includes having in
– The committee received reports from the independent place a policy to govern the non-audit services that may be
validator, Internal Audit and management on Lloyd’s internal provided by the external auditor, that sets out the circumstances
model approval process. The committee discussed the matters in which the external auditor may be permitted to undertake
that had been identified and agreed the proposed resolution non-audit services. Allowable services are pre-approved up to
plan, requesting regular progress updates. The Lloyd’s internal £100,000. Any non-audit service that exceeds this threshold
model was approved by the PRA on 5 December 2015; requires approval from the committee and must be justified and,
– The committee reviewed the external auditor’s controls if appropriate, tendered before it is approved. The committee
observation report and management’s assessment of the receives a regular report on engagements undertaken by the
internal control environment including reports on control external auditor in order to monitor the types of services
failures during the period and status of progress against provided and the fees incurred and to ensure they do not impair
previously agreed actions; their independence and objectivity. The external auditor also
– Regular reports on UK and overseas regulatory and confirmed to the Audit Committee that they believe they remain
compliance matters; independent within the meaning of the regulations on this matter
– The committee reviewed the results of the risk culture and their professional standards.
survey and updates on action being taken to address any
A breakdown of the fees paid to the external auditor for non-audit
specific matters; and
work may be found in note 5. Significant engagements undertaken
– The committee was updated on the Corporation’s minimum
in 2015 include other services pursuant to legislation (work
conduct standards regime, and managing agents’ self
undertaken on the Aggregate Accounts and regulatory returns)
assessment of their compliance with the requirements.
the pro forma financial statements and support of the Lloyd’s
internal model approval submission.
Auditors
The committee performs a specific evaluation of the performance
Internal audit
of the external auditor annually, through assessment of the results
The committee reviewed and approved Internal Audit’s Charter
of questionnaires completed by members of the Executive Team
and Operating Standards and the Internal Audit Plan, which
and senior management in addition to committee members’
provides the three-year audit cycle and details the annual scope
own views. The committee is satisfied with the performance
of work and allocation of resources based on an assessment of
of External Audit.
inherent risks and existing controls. The committee is satisfied
that Internal Audit has the appropriate resources.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 131
Report of the Lloyd’s Members’ Ombudsman
Report by Mark Humphries, Lloyd’s Members’ Ombudsman
I am pleased to present the Annual Report of the Lloyd’s
Members’ Ombudsman to the Council of Lloyd’s for the year
ended 31 December 2015.
The role of the Lloyd’s Members’ Ombudsman is to investigate
complaints by members and former members who were members
at any time after 30 November 2001 and who believe that they
have suffered injustice in consequence of maladministration in
relation to any action taken by or on behalf of the Society.
Complaints received
During 2015 I received three new complaints.
I reported in July 2015 on the first and second complaints,
both of which I dismissed for want of jurisdiction.
I reported in September 2015 on the third complaint, finding in
favour of Lloyd’s.
Costs
The expenses incurred by my office amounted to £18,000.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 132
Financial Review
This review should be read in conjunction with the financial statements of the Society on pages 144-189.
Operating surplus
The Society of Lloyd’s achieved an operating surplus for the year of £91m (2014: surplus of £59m). The operating surplus by business
segment is set out below:
Corporation Lloyd’s 2015 2014
of Lloyd’s Central Fund Total Total
£m £m £m £m
Total income 239 111 350 335
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred – – – (1)
Central Fund repayment to members – – – (49)
Net insurance claims – – – 1
Other Group operating expenses (247) (12) (259) (227)
Operating (deficit)/surplus (8) 99 91 59
Corporation of Lloyd’s
Total income for the Corporation of Lloyd’s increased by £19m to £239m (2014: £220m), mainly as a result of higher income generated
by the overseas operating charge. This levy covers the cost of running the Corporation’s international network of offices and
supporting our licences worldwide by recharging expenses to those syndicates which underwrite business overseas. Subscription
income was broadly in line with 2014, and the subscription rate applied to written premium (net of acquisition costs) remained
unchanged at 0.5%. In aggregate, other income streams were in line with the prior year.
Other Group operating expenses increased to £247m (2014: £218m), which includes costs incurred on behalf of managing agents
which are recharged on a ‘user pays’ basis. Excluding these costs, expenses increased during the year, as the Corporation continues
to invest in delivering its strategic priorities.
Central Fund
Total income for the Central Fund decreased by £4m to £111m (2014: £115m). The 2014 income includes recoveries of Undertakings to
members previously paid out. Central Fund contributions increased as, whilst the rates remained unchanged during 2015 at 0.5% of
written premium (net of acquisition costs), income was also impacted by favourable movements in exchange rates on the level of
premium written by the Lloyd’s market in converted sterling terms.
The standard Central Fund claims and provisions is a net nil charge for the year (2014: charge of £1m). Undertakings to meet the
liabilities of insolvent members to policyholders are approved at the discretion of the Council and are normally based on anticipated
cash flow requirements of insolvent members in the following 12 months. During 2015, payments made in respect of insolvent corporate
members were nil (2014: £6m). There were no payments made in respect of individual members in 2015 and 2014.
Other Group operating expenses increased to £12m (2014: £9m). Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, operating expenses are in
line with the prior year.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 133
Investment performance
2015 2014
£m £m
Finance income 43 93
Finance costs – interest payable on financial liabilities and other (54) (49)
Realised/unrealised exchange gains on borrowings – 7
(11) 51
Net assets at 1,635 Additions to net assets
1D Jaenfiucariyt 2o0n14 subordinated debt repurchase – (9)
Surplus for 91 Deductions to net assets (11) 42
the year
Net assets
IAncvtuearsiatlm losesn otn pLloeyrdf’sormance
(47)
pension scheme
TCuhrree nScyo tcrainestlayti’osn i nvestments, mostly held within the Central Fund, returned £43m or 1.5% during the year (2014: £93m, 3.6%).
6
Rdifefetruenrcne son growth assets was impacted by the financial market turbulence that occurred mostly over the second half of the year.
Tax on other
Developed market equities ended the year with low positive returns whilst emerging m8arket assets incurred losses on both equity
comprehensive income
aNentd a sdseetsb att investments in this sector. Hedge fund investments generated small losses but senior secured loans withstood the volatility
1,693
a31n Dde cgeemnbeerr 2a0t1e4d a positive return. Return from high quality fixed interest investments was also positive but lower than expected as
rising bond yields led to capital depreciation which weakened the already low level of income from yield.
Commodities had the worst performance by a wide margin and, although this asset class remains part of the fund’s strategic target
disposition, a tactical exit in 2014 continued to prove highly beneficial in 2015.
Currency movement also made a significant contribution to return in the period. The Society’s currency policy had been amended to
incorporate a degree of exposure to be maintained to US dollars in order to match the underlying US dollar element of the Central
Net assets at 1,693 Additions to net assets
S1 Joanlvuearny c20y1 4Capital Requirement. The US dollar strengthened significantly versus the pound following the implementation of this policy
lSeuarpdluisn fgor to an appreciation in Society asset values. 65 Deductions to net assets
the year
Net assets
TAchtuea rdiails lopsos osnit Lilooynd ’osf the Society’s financial investments is set out in note 15 on pages 17(02)-172.
pension scheme
FCuinrraennccy etra cnsolastitosn of £54m in 2015 (2014: £49m) predominantly relate to interest on the subordinated notes and perpetual subordinated
(1)
differences
capital securities.
Tax on other
1
Ecoxmpporesheunrseiv et oin cfoomreeign exchange movement on borrowings ceased in November 2014 following the redemption of euro denominated
Net assets at
debt securities. 1,756
31 December 2015
Adjusting for interest costs results in a net finance income deficit of £11m (2014: gain of £51m).
Taxation
Figures not to scale.
A tax charge of £13m (2014: £18m) on the surplus before tax of £87m (2014: £109m) has been recognised for the year ended
Grey figures 1000% larger than black bars.
31 December 2015. Further details are set out in note 8 on pages 161-162.
Movement in net assets
£m
Net assets at 1,693 Additions to net assets
1 January 2015
Surplus for Deductions to net assets
74
the year
Net assets*
Actuarial loss on Lloyd’s
(1)
pension scheme
Currency translation
(1)
differences
Tax credit on other
(3)
comprehensive income
Unrealised gain on revaluation
1
of Lloyd’s collection
Net assets at
1,763
31 December 2015
*Net assets data not to scale
The net assets of the Central Fund are included within the above amounts and at 31 December 2015 were £1,658m (2014: £1,590m).
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 134
Financial Review continued
Pension schemes
Lloyd’s pension scheme
On an IFRS basis, the Lloyd’s pension scheme valuation at 31 December 2015 was a deficit of £93m before allowance for a deferred tax
asset of £17m (31 December 2014: £84m deficit before allowance for a deferred tax asset of £17m).
The movement in the pension deficit during the year is summarised below:
2015 2014
£m £m
Pension deficit as at 1 January (84) (32)
Pension expense recognised in the Group income statement (12) (10)
Employer contributions 5 5
Remeasurement effects recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income (2) (47)
Pension deficit as at 31 December (93) (84)
This was mainly due to an increase in liabilities as a result of a reduction in the real discount rate. The actuarial valuation of liabilities
is particularly sensitive to changes in market conditions, which determine the discount rate, and changes to mortality assumptions.
Further details are provided in note 18 on pages 174-180 which includes the sensitivity of the valuation to changes in these assumptions.
The latest triennial funding valuation of the scheme was carried out as at 30 June 2013, which showed a surplus of £9m.
The career average section of the scheme was closed to new joiners from April 2013, and to existing hires from June 2013 (existing
employed members of each scheme continue to accrue benefits). After these dates, employees are eligible to join the Defined
Contribution arrangement, which is administered by Aviva.
Overseas pension schemes
The actuarial valuations of the overseas pension schemes at 31 December 2015 resulted in a deficit of £2.5m (2014: deficit of £2.3m).
Further details are provided in note 18.
Solvency
Total assets for solvency purposes are set out below. The 2015 position is considered to be an estimate of the amount which will be
finalised in June 2016 for submission to the PRA:
2015 2014
£m £m
Net assets at 31 December 1,763 1,693
Subordinated notes and perpetual subordinated capital securities 882 885
Central assets 2,645 2,578
Callable Central Fund contributions 822 779
Other solvency adjustments (135) (117)
Central assets for solvency purposes 3,332 3,240
Solvency shortfalls (20) (19)
Excess of central assets over solvency shortfalls 3,312 3,221
Based on central assets for solvency purposes of £3.3bn (2014: £3.2bn), the estimated solvency ratio is 16660% (2014: 17058%).
In setting contribution levels, account is taken of the Central Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) to ensure that Lloyd’s is prudently
but competitively capitalised. Unencumbered central assets should be at least equal to the greater of 200% of the Central SCR or
80% of the Economic Capital Requirement (ECR), as set by the Franchise Board.
The solvency ratio is reported under the Solvency I legislative requirements. Solvency II came into force on 1 January 2016, and the
Solvency ratio will be reported annually from 31 December 2016 in Lloyd’s Solvency & Financial Condition Report (SFCR), the public
regulatory return to the PRA. The basis of reporting solvency will be more consistent with other EU insurers, and will show for the
Lloyd’s market as a whole, the ratio of eligible capital to meet Lloyd’s Solvency Capital Requirement.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 135
Cash flows and liquidity
Cash and cash equivalents decreased during the year ended 31 December 2015 by £87m to £175m (2014: £262m). Cash balances
are maintained at appropriate levels to meet the short-term operating expenses of the Society. Any surplus cash balances are
invested and are included as financial investments within the Group statement of financial position.
The Corporation’s free cash balances are regularly monitored. Free cash represents the amounts, both at bank and on deposit,
held in the UK and available to the Corporation to meet operating expenses, including those of overseas operations, excluding
any balances held in respect of insurance and arbitration activities. Free cash balances at 31 December 2015 were £139m.
The liquidity of the Central Fund is monitored separately. Cash balances are managed to meet short-term operational commitments
including the payment of drawdowns. Any surplus cash balances are invested in compliance with defined investment parameters
approved by the Investment Committee.
Central Fund investment strategy
Central Fund investment strategy is considered in three parts. A proportion of assets are assigned to meet liquidity needs, based on a
prudent estimate of net cash flows. These assets are commingled with other liquid assets of Lloyd’s Group companies and invested in
bank deposits and other short-term securities, with maturities of up to 12 months. The objective is to optimise income, for a low level of
risk, while ensuring that all cash flow requirements are met as they fall due.
A significant proportion of assets are invested in fixed interest securities of a high credit quality and typically medium term maturities.
The financial risk exposures represented by subordinated debt securities issued by the Society are considered when determining the
disposition of fixed interest investments. The return objective is to optimise investment return in the longer term while maintaining
overall financial risk within defined limits.
A smaller proportion of assets are invested in equities and other return seeking asset classes, also with an aim to optimise investment
return in the longer term without exceeding defined risk tolerances. These investments are diversified among different asset classes to
help manage risk and third party investment managers are retained to manage these investments within clearly defined investment
parameters specified by Lloyd’s. Equity investments currently include global developed and emerging market equities. Investments in
other growth assets include high yield and emerging market debt, hedge funds and senior secured loans.
Financial risk management and treasury policies
Overview
The Society’s principal financial instruments comprise cash and cash equivalents, investments, borrowings and items that arise directly
from operations such as trade receivables and payables. These include assets and liabilities of the Central Fund.
The Society’s treasury operations and investments are managed by reference to established policies which are reviewed regularly by
the Investment Committee. Overall risk is managed within defined limits, specified by the Franchise Board. Policies for managing these
risks, in particular credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk, are summarised below.
Credit risk
Credit risk represents the risk of financial loss to the Society if a counterparty, or the issuer of a security, fails to meet its contractual
obligations.
Trade and other receivables
The Society has established procedures to minimise the risk of default by trade and other receivables, which are mainly in respect
of the Lloyd’s market, the main source of income. These procedures include minimum standard checks for new market entrants.
Financial investments
A list of permissible bank counterparties, for the purposes of money-market investment, is maintained and restricted to banks having
strong balance sheets and credit ratings. Investment parameters exist for all investment assets, controlling overall credit quality and
ensuring appropriate risk diversification. Permitted counterparties to capital market transactions are also carefully controlled. All applicable
parameters are reviewed regularly by the Investment Committee in accordance with the risk appetite set by the Franchise Board.
Guarantees
The Society provides certain financial guarantees as security for the underwriting activities of the members of Lloyd’s. Further details
are provided in note 27 on page 189.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 136
Financial Review continued
Liquidity risk syndicates participating in the CCS. Currency exposures arising
The value and term of short-term assets are carefully monitored from CCS activity consequently do not, ultimately, represent risks
against those of the Society’s liabilities. The Society maintains to the Society.
sufficient liquid assets to meet liabilities as they fall due.
Interest rate risk
The liquidity of the Central Fund is monitored separately.
Borrowings from the Lloyd’s market for the purpose of funding
Cash balances are managed to meet short-term operational
statutory insurance deposits do not bear a fixed rate of interest.
commitments including the payment of drawdowns. Any surplus
Instead, investment returns earned on the borrowed assets are
cash balances are invested in compliance with defined
passed on to lenders. Consequently, no interest rate risk arises
investment parameters approved by the Investment Committee
on such borrowings.
in accordance with the risk appetite set by the Franchise Board.
Short-term assets held by the Society may be significant at
The Society had no committed borrowing facilities as at
certain times but such balances cannot be precisely predicted.
31 December 2015 (2014: nil).
These are invested in money market instruments of up to 12
Market risk months’ duration with the objective of maximising current
income while meeting liquidity requirements.
Market risk represents the risk that movements in financial
markets will affect the financial position of the Society. Market Interest rate risk arising from the requirement to make fixed rate
risks arising from the disposition of the Society’s investments coupon payments in respect of the Lloyd’s subordinated loan
are monitored against defined parameters using Value at Risk notes and the perpetual subordinated capital securities is
(VAR) methodology. The position is reviewed regularly by the considered in conjunction with the market risk arising on the
Investment Committee. Investments are actively monitored Society’s investments.
on a fair value basis and all investments are designated as fair
Capital management
value through profit or loss.
The Society monitors its capital to ensure that it maintains
Foreign currency risk sufficient assets for both operational and solvency purposes.
The Society enters into a variety of foreign exchange transactions Further disclosures with regard to financial instruments are
in response to the foreign currency requirements of Lloyd’s Group provided in note 22 on pages 182-186. Further details regarding
companies. In managing the exposures arising from such foreign solvency are given on page 119.
exchange activity, which may involve transactions for forward
Related party transactions
settlement, the net risk arising from all such exposures is
Except for disclosures made in note 26 (see pages 188-189), no
considered and the level of this risk is managed within defined
related party had material transactions with the Society in 2015.
parameters. Consequently, while some net foreign exchange
exposures may accrue to the Society from time to time as a result Going concern and viability statement
of this activity, the level of such exposures is carefully monitored
Assessment of prospects
and is not significant in the context of its activities.
The Lloyd’s business model and strategy are central to an
Foreign currency exposures arising from overseas investments understanding of its prospects and details can be found on
are considered together with any foreign currency liabilities of pages 199 to 201. The Franchise goal, vision and strategic
the Society as well as the underlying currency mix of the Central priorities are subject to ongoing monitoring and development.
Solvency Capital Requirement, of which a high proportion is US
The prospects of the Lloyd’s market, including the Society, are
dollar based. Net foreign currency exposures arising are
primarily assessed through the annual strategic review and
managed through the use of forward foreign exchange contracts.
planning process. The output of the review is a strategic plan to
Separately, the Society provides a Currency Conversion Service deliver the Lloyd’s vision. The review is led by the CEO through
(CCS) to participating Lloyd’s syndicates, converting insurance the Executive Team and all relevant departments are involved.
premiums and claims between pounds sterling and other Lloyd’s The Franchise Board and the Council of Lloyd’s participate fully
settlement currencies as required. Foreign exchange exposures in the process and part of their role is to consider whether the
arising from the provision of the CCS are again managed on a net strategic plan continues to take appropriate account of the
basis, within defined parameters. The CCS is operated external environment.
separately from other foreign exchange activity of the Society
The review determines a set of interim milestones (to be achieved
because, under the terms of the service, any profit (or loss)
by the end 2018), key performance indicators for the current year
arising from CCS exposures is distributed to (or collected from)
and activities to deliver on those metrics. The latest three year
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 137
strategic plan (Lloyd’s Strategy 2016-2018) was approved in Statement as to disclosure of information to auditors
March following completion of the latest review cycle. As part of
Having made enquiries, the Council of Lloyd’s confirms that:
the planning process, detailed financial budgets were prepared
– to the best of each Council member’s knowledge and
for the Society for the three-year period to 31 December 2018.
belief there is no information relevant to the preparation
Assessment of viability
of the Society Report of which the Society’s auditors are
The Franchise Board and Council of Lloyd’s receive quarterly
unaware; and
reports from the risk committee on the key risks and risk
– each Council member has taken all the steps a Council
appetites, including the Society’s own risk and solvency
member might reasonably be expected to have taken to
assessment as well as stress testing resilience to severe yet
be aware of relevant audit information and to establish that
plausible scenarios. The principal risks and material uncertainties
the Society’s auditors are aware of that information.
that would threaten the business model, future performance,
liquidity or solvency of the Lloyd’s market as a whole are set out Outlook
on pages 25-26. In addition the financial statements include
Central assets, which exclude subordinated liabilities, are
notes on investment strategy, financial risk management,
expected to remain stable at £2.6bn in 2016. On 22 March 2016,
treasury policies and sensitivity analysis.
the Council of Lloyd’s gave further undertakings to certain
The Lloyd’s capital structure is set out on pages 199-203 and corporate members to use the New Central Fund to discharge
Lloyd’s is required to maintain solvency on a continuous basis, the liability of those members where they have unpaid cash
and the solvency position of each member, and thus of Lloyd’s calls and do not have the resources to meet those cash calls.
as a whole, is monitored on a regular basis. The Audit Committee After taking account of the expiry of unutilised undertakings,
considers biannually management’s assessment of the current the net movement in undertakings is nil (see note 4 on page 158).
solvency position and the forecast position over a three-year The operating expenses for the Corporation and its subsidiaries
period, including resilience of central assets to meet the Central are budgeted to be £326m in 2016. This includes net investment
Solvency Capital Requirement and the expectation, but not the of £41m in respect of market modernisation and £22m of costs
obligation, that the perpetual subordinated capital securities are for services recharged directly to specific managing agents.
redeemed at the first option date. The Council of Lloyd’s is responsible for preparing the Group
financial statements in accordance with byelaws made under
Viability statement
Lloyd’s Act 1982 and International Financial Reporting
Whilst the members of the Council of Lloyd’s have no reason to
Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union.
believe that the Society will not be viable over a longer period,
the period over which the assessment is based is the three year The Council of Lloyd’s is required to prepare Group financial
period to 31 December 2018, being the period considered under statements for each financial year which present fairly the
the strategic plan, including the detailed budgets prepared, and financial position of the Society and the financial performance
the solvency projections of the Society. and cash flows of the Society for that period. In preparing these
Group financial statements, the Council of Lloyd’s is required to:
The members of the Council of Lloyd’s believe that the Society
is well placed to manage its business risks successfully, having – select suitable accounting policies and then apply them
taken into account the current economic outlook, and confirm consistently;
that they have a reasonable expectation that the Society will be – present information, including accounting policies, in a
able to continue in operation and meet its liabilities as they fall manner that provides relevant, reliable, comparable and
due over the three-year period ending 31 December 2018. understandable information;
– provide additional disclosures when compliance with the
Going concern
specific requirements in IFRS is insufficient to enable users
After making enquiries the members of the Council of Lloyd’s
to understand the impact of particular transactions, other
also consider it appropriate to adopt the going concern basis
events and conditions on the Society’s financial position
in preparing the Society’s financial statements.
and financial performance; and
– state that the Society has complied with IFRS, subject to
any material departures disclosed and explained in the
Group financial statements.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 138
Statement of the Council of Lloyd’s
Responsibilities for the Financial Statements
The Council of Lloyd’s is responsible for keeping proper
accounting records which disclose with reasonable accuracy
at any time the financial position of the Society and enable it to
ensure that the Group financial statements comply with Article 4
of the IAS Regulation. As the Society’s subordinated debt and
perpetual subordinated capital securities are admitted to trading
in a regulated market in the European Union, Council has elected
to comply with Article 4, which requires Group financial statements
to be prepared in conformity with IFRS as adopted by the
European Union. The Council of Lloyd’s is also responsible for
safeguarding the assets of the Society and hence for taking
reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and
other irregularities.
The Council of Lloyd’s is responsible for the maintenance and
integrity of the corporate and financial information included
on the Society’s website (www.lloyds.com). Legislation in the
United Kingdom governing the preparation and dissemination
of financial statements may differ from legislation in other
jurisdictions.
The Council of Lloyd’s considers that the Annual Report, taken as
a whole, is fair, balanced and understandable and provides the
information necessary for stakeholders to assess the Society’s
performance, business model and strategy.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 139
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members
of the Society of Lloyd’s
Report on the Society of Lloyd’s Group financial statements Our audit approach
Our opinion Overview
In our opinion, the Society of Lloyd’s Group financial statements Materiality
(the ‘financial statements’): – Overall group materiality: £18m, which represents 0.5%
of total assets.
– give a true and fair view of the state of the Society’s affairs as
at 31 December 2015 and of its profit and cash flows for the
Audit scope
year then ended;
– Audit procedures were performed over the complete financial
– have been properly prepared in accordance with International
information for the Corporation of Lloyd’s, Central Fund and
Financial Reporting Standards (‘IFRSs’) as adopted by the
Additional Securities Limited reporting units to address the
European Union; and
areas of focus identified below.
– have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of
– Additionally, we considered certain account balances in Lloyd’s
the Council of Lloyd’s byelaws made under the Lloyd’s Act 1982.
Insurance Company (China) Limited to be significant in size in
relation to the Society, and therefore we scoped our audit to
What we have audited
include testing of those account balances.
The Society of Lloyd’s Group financial statements, included
– Taken together, the reporting units where we performed
within the Society Report, comprise:
our audit work accounted for 92% of the Society’s revenue,
– the Group statement of financial position as at
99% of the Society’s profit before tax and 98% of the
31 December 2015;
Society’s total assets.
– the Group income statement and statement of
comprehensive income for the year then ended; Our areas of focus were:
– the Group statement of cash flows for the year then ended; – Valuation of financial investments;
– the Group statement of changes in equity for the year – Lloyd’s Pension Scheme;
then ended; and – Revenue recognition;
– the notes to the financial statements, which include a – Valuation of loans recoverable; and
summary of significant accounting policies and other – Valuation of the lease cost provision.
explanatory information.
The scope of our audit and our areas of focus
Certain required disclosures have been presented elsewhere We conducted our audit in accordance with International
in the Society Report, rather than in the notes to the financial Standards on Auditing (UK and Ireland) (‘ISAs (UK & Ireland)’).
statements. These are cross-referenced from the financial
We designed our audit by determining materiality and assessing
statements and are identified as audited.
the risks of material misstatement in the financial statements.
The financial reporting framework that has been applied in the In particular, we looked at where the Council of Lloyd’s made
preparation of the financial statements is applicable law and subjective judgements, for example in respect of significant
IFRSs as adopted by the European Union. accounting estimates that involved making assumptions and
considering future events that are inherently uncertain. As in all
of our audits we also addressed the risk of management override
of internal controls, including evaluating whether there was
evidence of bias by the Council of Lloyd’s that represented a risk
of material misstatement due to fraud.
The risks of material misstatement that had the greatest effect
on our audit, including the allocation of our resources and effort,
are identified as ‘areas of focus’ in the table below. We have also
set out how we tailored our audit to address these specific areas
in order to provide an opinion on the financial statements as
a whole, and any comments we make on the results of our
procedures should be read in this context. This is not a complete
list of all risks identified by our audit.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 140
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members
of the Society of Lloyd’s continued
Our audit approach continued
The scope of our audit and our areas of focus continued
Area of focus How our audit addressed the area of focus
Valuation of financial investments
We focused on this area because it represents 86% of the total assets of the For these hard to value investments we assessed both the methodology and
Society and so the valuation of financial investments has a significant impact assumptions used by management in the calculation of the year end values
on the financial statements. as well as testing the governance controls that the Council of Lloyd’s has in
place to monitor these processes.
We focused in particular on the non-publicly traded investments in the
Society’s portfolio, which includes investments held as statutory insurance The testing included performing the following procedures:
deposits by Additional Securities Limited (‘ASL’), and other non-publicly traded – Assessing the methodology and assumptions used within the valuation models;
investments in the Corporation and Central Fund. These investments are hard – Comparing the assumptions used against appropriate benchmarks
to value because quoted prices are not readily available. and investigating significant differences; and
– Testing the operating effectiveness of the valuation controls over
(Refer also to note 15 to the financial statements) assets managed by third parties.
Our work and the evidence provided identified no significant issues.
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme
Lloyd’s operates a number of defined benefit and defined contribution We used our actuarial experts to evaluate the key assumptions used to value
pension schemes. The principal scheme is the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme. This included comparison of Lloyd’s assumptions
whose liabilities total £768m at 31 December 2015, as measured in to our own independent expectations based on our knowledge of the Lloyd’s
accordance with IAS 19 ‘Employee benefits’. This value is equivalent to Pension Scheme and current financial market conditions. We found the
41% of the Society’s net assets. Assumptions made in valuing the pension following:
scheme liabilities can have a material impact on them and therefore on – the discount rate used in the valuation of the pension liability was consistent
the recognised deficit in the financial statements. with our expectations, taking into account the duration of the pension liability
and investment market conditions at 31 December 2015;
We focused on the key assumptions to which the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme – the retail and consumer price inflation rates used in the valuation of
valuation is sensitive, being: the pension liability were consistent with our expectations, taking into
– discount rate; account the duration of the pension liability and market expectations
– inflation; and at 31 December 2015; and
– post-retirement life expectancy. – the post-retirement life expectancy assumptions were in line with the recent
mortality experience of the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme and with assumptions
(Refer also to note 18 to the financial statements) made by other UK companies, and contain an appropriate allowance for how
rates of mortality may fall in future.
Revenue recognition
The Central Fund contributions (recognised as revenue in the Central Fund We evaluated the reasonableness of the assumptions applied in the estimation of
reporting unit) and members’ subscription fees (recognised as revenue within the the future premium. As future premium is estimated based on the development
Corporation of Lloyd’s reporting unit) represent 59% of the revenue of the Society. trend of historical premium, we traced a sample of the historical premium data to
the market system which records audited market results. We tested Information
We focused on these components of revenue because they are recognised Technology General Controls over the market system, where no exceptions were
based on management’s estimate of the future premium of each syndicate noted. Based on our work on the assumptions, we found that management’s
underwriting year. Although not complex, this estimate involves subjectivity analysis supported the extrapolation factor that was selected.
with regards to assumptions on the estimation of future premium.
We tested the accuracy of the application of the assumptions to the underlying
The future premium is estimated based on historical development trends. data and recomputed the total Central Fund contributions and members’
From this analysis, management selects an extrapolation factor, which is subscription fees.
then applied to the current year.
We found management’s assumptions to be reasonable. No exceptions were
There is also a risk of error in terms of the calculation of the estimated noted in our testing of underlying data or our recalculation of revenue.
revenue as this is a manual calculation.
(Refer also to note 2 to the financial statements)
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 141
Area of focus How our audit addressed the area of focus
Valuation of loans recoverable
Loans recoverable are Central Fund loans made to hardship members. We evaluated the reasonableness of the assumptions used and found
The valuation of loans recoverable of £45m (2014: £46m) is subjective the following:
and judgemental. – t he discount rate used was consistent with our expectations, taking into
account the market conditions at 31 December 2015;
The loans recoverable amount represents the lower of: – t he fair value of properties was reasonable, based on comparing the valuation
– v aluation of property and investments held as charge; and to the current offer price of similar properties on the open market on a sample
– principal loan amount including accrued interest. basis; and
– t he property inflation rate used was set at an appropriate level, based on our
We focused on the following assumptions because they have a material assessment of market conditions at 31 December 2015.
impact on the valuation of loans recoverable:
– d iscount rate; In addition, we tested a sample of loans by agreeing the principal loan amount to
– f air value of properties; and the signed agreements and recalculated the accrued interest. No exceptions
– p roperty inflation rate. were found in our testing.
(Refer also to note 14 to the financial statements)
Lease cost provision (new in 2015)
The Corporation of Lloyd’s is lessee to number of ‘fully repairing’ operating We tested the judgements made by management with respect to the percentage
leases, the most significant of which relates to the 1986 building. completion of capital expenditure projects undertaken in the year by evaluating
forecast capital expenditure against documentary evidence. We also evaluated
The estimate of £12.7m (2014: £15.3m) for the provision for the replacement variances between budgeted and actual capital expenditure in the year to assess
cost of plant and equipment, and any dismantling and removal costs, which are the accuracy of management’s estimation process.
borne by Lloyd’s under the terms of the leases is subjective and judgemental.
The evidence we obtained supported management’s estimate of future capital
We focussed on management’s estimate of the projected total capital expenditure for the 1986 building and the overall valuation of the provision in the
expenditure for the 1986 building over the life of the lease because it has a balance sheet.
material impact on the valuation of the provision.
(Refer also to note 19 to the financial statements)
How we tailored the audit scope
We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an opinion on the financial statements
as a whole, taking into account the structure of the Society, the accounting processes and controls, and the industry in which the Society
operates. The Society of Lloyd’s financial statements are a consolidation of 33 reporting units. In establishing the overall approach to the
group audit, we determined the type of work that needed to be performed at the reporting units by us, as the group engagement team,
or component auditors within PwC UK and from other PwC network firms operating under our instruction. Where the work was
performed by component auditors, we determined the level of involvement we needed to have in the audit work at those reporting units
to be able to conclude whether sufficient appropriate audit evidence had been obtained as a basis for our opinion on the financial
statements as a whole. We were involved in the risk assessment process for these reporting units, and obtained an understanding
of the audit procedures performed by the component auditors to address the identified risks.
For each reporting unit we determined whether we required an audit of their complete financial information or whether specified
procedures for particular balances would be sufficient. Audit procedures were performed over the complete financial information
for the Corporation of Lloyd’s, Central Fund and Additional Securities Limited reporting units to address the areas of focus identified
above. Additionally, we identified Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited where certain account balances were considered to
be significant in size in relation to the Society, and scoped our audit to include detailed testing of those account balances.
The group consolidation, financial statement disclosures and a number of complex items were audited by the group engagement
team in London. These included derivative financial instruments and the pension scheme.
Taken together, the reporting units where we performed our audit work accounted for 92% of the Society’s revenue, 99% of the
Society’s profit before tax and 98% of the Society’s total assets.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 142
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members
of the Society of Lloyd’s continued
Our audit approach continued Matters on which we have agreed to report
Materiality Consistency of other information
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of In our opinion, the other financial and non-financial information
materiality. We set certain quantitative thresholds for materiality. included in the Society Report for the financial year for which
These, together with qualitative considerations, helped us to the financial statements are prepared is consistent with the
determine the scope of our audit and the nature, timing and financial statements.
extent of our audit procedures on the individual financial
Under the terms of our engagement, we agreed to report to
statement line items and disclosures and in evaluating the
you if, in our opinion:
effect of misstatements, both individually and on the financial
– information in the Society Report is:
statements as a whole.
- materially inconsistent with the information in the audited
Based on our professional judgement, we determined materiality
financial statements; or
for the financial statements as a whole as follows:
- apparently materially incorrect based on, or materially
Overall Group materiality inconsistent with, our knowledge of the Society acquired
£18m (2014: £17m) in the course of performing our audit; or
- otherwise misleading.
How we determined it
– the statement given by the Council of Lloyd’s on page 138 in
0.5% of total assets accordance with provision C2.1 of the Code, that it considers
Rationale for benchmark applied the Society Report taken as a whole to be fair, balanced and
understandable and provides the information necessary for
We considered total assets to be an appropriate measure
members to assess the Society’s position and performance,
because the Society is not profit oriented and because the
business model and strategy is materially inconsistent with our
assets of the Society represent a crucial link in the Lloyd’s
knowledge of the Society acquired in the course of performing
Chain of Security for the market. This is consistent with the
our audit.
benchmark we selected in 2014.
– the section of the Society Report on page 129 of the Society
Report, included in accordance with provision C3.8 of the
We agreed with the Audit Committee that we would report to
Code, describing the work of the Audit Committee does not
them misstatements identified during our audit above £900,000
appropriately address matters communicated by us to the
(2014: £850,000) as well as misstatements below that amount
Audit Committee.
that, in our view, warranted reporting for qualitative reasons.
Going concern We have no exceptions to report arising from the responsibilities
The Council of Lloyd’s has voluntarily included a statement in described above.
relation to going concern in accordance with provision C1.3 of the
The Council of Lloyd’s assessment of the prospects of the
UK Corporate Governance Code (the ‘Code’) in the Financial
Society and of the principal risks that would threaten the
Review section of the Society report. We agreed with the Council
solvency or liquidity of the Society
of Lloyd’s to report whether we have anything material to add or
Under the terms of our engagement, we agreed to report to you
to draw attention to in relation to this statement about whether
if we have anything material to add or to draw attention to in
they considered it appropriate to adopt the going concern basis
relation to:
in preparing the financial statements. We have nothing material
– the Council of Lloyd’s confirmation on page 138 of the Society
to add or to draw attention to.
Report, in accordance with provision C.2.1 of the Code, that
As noted in that statement, the Council of Lloyd’s has concluded
they have carried out a robust assessment of the principal
that it is appropriate to prepare the financial statements using the
risks facing the Society, including those that would threaten
going concern basis of accounting. This basis presumes that the
its business model, future performance, solvency or liquidity; or
Society has adequate resources to remain in operation, and that
– the disclosures in the Society Report that describe those risks
the Council of Lloyd’s intends it to do so, for at least one year
and explain how they are being managed or mitigated.
from the date the financial statements were signed. As part of our
audit we have concluded that the use of the going concern basis
is appropriate. However, because not all future events or conditions
can be predicted, these statements are not a guarantee as to the
Society’s ability to continue as a going concern.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 143
– the Council of Lloyd’s explanation on page 137 of the Society What an audit of financial statements involves
Report, in accordance with provision C.2.2 of the Code, as to An audit involves obtaining evidence about the amounts and
how they have assessed the prospects of the Society, over disclosures in the financial statements sufficient to give reasonable
what period they have done so and why they consider that assurance that the financial statements are free from material
period to be appropriate, and their statement as to whether misstatement, whether caused by fraud or error. This includes
they have a reasonable expectation that the Society will be an assessment of:
able to continue in operation and meet its liabilities as they fall
– whether the accounting policies are appropriate to the
due over the period of their assessment, including any related
Society’s circumstances and have been consistently
disclosures drawing attention to any necessary qualifications
applied and adequately disclosed;
or assumptions.
– the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates
made by the Council of Lloyd’s; and
We have nothing material to add or to draw attention to regarding
– the overall presentation of the financial statements.
the above responsibilities.
Adequacy of accounting records and information and We primarily focus our work in these areas by assessing the
explanations received Council of Lloyd’s judgements against available evidence,
Under the terms of our engagement, we agreed to report to forming our own judgements, and evaluating the disclosures
you if, in our opinion: in the financial statements.
– proper accounting records have not been kept by the Society; We test and examine information, using sampling and other
or auditing techniques, to the extent we consider necessary
– we have not received all the information and explanations we to provide a reasonable basis for us to draw conclusions.
require for our audit. We obtain audit evidence through the testing of controls,
substantive procedures or a combination of both.
We have no exceptions arising from this responsibility.
In addition, we read all the financial and non-financial information
Report of the Remuneration Committee
in the Society Report to identify material inconsistencies with
Under the terms of our engagement, we agreed to report to you
the audited financial statements and to identify any information
whether, in our opinion, the part of the report of the Remuneration
that is apparently materially incorrect based on, or materially
Committee that has been described as audited has been
inconsistent with, the knowledge acquired by us in the course
properly prepared in accordance with the basis of preparation
of performing the audit. If we become aware of any apparent
as described therein. In our opinion, the part of the report of the
material misstatements or inconsistencies we consider the
Remuneration Committee that has been described as audited
implications for our report.
has been properly prepared in accordance with the basis of
preparation as described therein.
Responsibilities for the financial statements and the audit
Our responsibilities and those of the Council of Lloyd’s
As explained more fully in the Statement of the Council of Lloyd’s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Responsibilities set out on page 138, the Council of Lloyd’s is Chartered Accountants
responsible for the preparation of the financial statements London
and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view. 22 March 2016
Our responsibility is to audit and express an opinion on the
financial statements in accordance with applicable law and ISAs
(UK & Ireland). Those standards require us to comply with the
Auditing Practices Board’s Ethical Standards for Auditors.
This report, including the opinions, has been prepared for and
only for the members of the Society in accordance with the
Council of Lloyd’s byelaws made under the Lloyd’s Act 1982
and for no other purpose. We do not, in giving these opinions,
accept or assume responsibility for any other purpose or to any
other person to whom this report is shown or into whose hands
it may come to save where expressly agreed by our prior consent
in writing.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 144
Group Income Statement
For the year ended 31 December 2015
2015 2014
Note £000 £000
Operating income 238,765 219,864
Central Fund contributions 106,922 101,971
Gross written premiums 104,413 53,040
Outward reinsurance premiums (104,409) (53,036)
Other Group income 4,810 13,632
Total income 3B 350,501 335,471
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred 4 (14) (812)
Central Fund repayment to members 3 – (48,995)
Gross insurance claims 13 (68,639) (13,841)
Insurance claims recoverable from reinsurers 13 68,639 14,360
Other Group operating expenses 5 (259,057) (227,260)
Operating surplus 91,430 58,923
Finance costs
Deficit on subordinated debt repurchase 17 – (8,929)
Interest payable on financial liabilities and other 7 (54,362) (48,920)
Finance income 7 42,728 93,523
Unrealised exchange gains on borrowings – 6,864
Share of profits of associates 12A 7,391 7,577
Surplus before tax 87,187 109,038
Tax charge 8A (12,835) (17,543)
Surplus for the year 74,352 91,495
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 145
Group Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2015
2015 2014
Note £000 £000
Surplus for the year 74,352 91,495
Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Remeasurement (losses)/gains on pension asset/liabilities
UK 18 (2,025) (47,284)
Overseas 18 (42) (780)
Associates 12A 467 (1,192)
Tax (charge)/credit relating to items that will not be reclassified 8A (3,332) 9,713
Currency translation differences (739) 6,202
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Unrealised gains on revaluation of Lloyd’s Collection 12B 808 –
Tax credit relating to items that may be reclassified – –
Net other comprehensive deficit for the year (4,863) (33,341)
Total comprehensive income for the year 69,489 58,154
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 146
Group Statement of Financial Position
As at 31 December 2015
2015 2014
Note £000 £000
Assets
Intangible assets 9 81 18
Lloyd’s Collection 12B 13,314 12,506
Plant and equipment 10 18,244 11,737
Deferred tax asset 8C 24,388 19,178
Investment in associates 12A 8,502 7,958
Insurance contract assets 13 109,548 43,944
Loans recoverable 14 44,577 46,439
Financial investments 15 3,103,560 2,972,391
Inventories 332 280
Trade and other receivables due within one year 21 80,990 52,878
Prepayments and accrued income 15,618 25,818
Derivative financial instruments 22 8,789 17,774
Cash and cash equivalents 16 175,414 261,587
Total assets 3,603,357 3,472,508
Equity and liabilities
Equity
Accumulated reserve 23 1,739,156 1,669,736
Revaluation reserve 23 13,314 12,506
Translation reserve 23 10,336 11,075
Total equity 1,762,806 1,693,317
Liabilities
Subordinated notes and perpetual subordinated capital securities 17 882,090 885,483
Insurance contract liabilities 13 109,575 43,971
Pension liabilities 18 95,534 86,045
Provisions 19 29,585 34,030
Loans funding statutory insurance deposits 436,518 472,136
Trade and other payables 20 210,171 184,991
Accruals and deferred income 51,263 42,393
Tax payable 8,977 8,681
Derivative financial instruments 22 16,838 21,461
Total liabilities 1,840,551 1,779,191
Total equity and liabilities 3,603,357 3,472,508
Approved and authorised by the Council of Lloyd’s on 22 March 2016 and signed on its behalf by
John Nelson Inga Beale
Chairman Chief Executive Officer
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 147
Group Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2015
Accumulated Revaluation Translation Total
reserve reserve reserve equity
Note £000 £000 £000 £000
At 1 January 2014 1,617,784 12,506 4,873 1,635,163
Surplus for the year 91,495 – – 91,495
Net other comprehensive (deficit)/income for the year (39,543) – 6,202 (33,341)
At 31 December 2014 1,669,736 12,506 11,075 1,693,317
Surplus for the year 74,352 – – 74,352
Net other comprehensive (deficit)/income for the year (4,932) 808 (739) (4,863)
At 31 December 2015 23 1,739,156 13,314 10,336 1,762,806
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 148
Group Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2015
2015 2014
Note £000 £000
Cash generated from operations 24 131,346 112,063
Tax paid (20,948) (20,511)
Net cash generated from operating activities 110,398 91,552
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of plant, equipment and intangible assets 9/10 (16,174) (2,212)
Proceeds from the sale of plant, equipment and intangible assets 3 –
Purchase of financial investments 15A/B (2,654,226) (3,223,986)
Receipts from the sale of financial investments 15A/B 2,643,058 3,212,570
Increase in short-term deposits 15B (116,474) (96,998)
Dividends received from associates 12A 7,181 6,580
Interest received 43,762 51,259
Dividends received 7 6,932 6,828
Realised gains/(losses) on settlement of forward currency contracts 7,403 (6,499)
Net cash used in investing activities (78,535) (52,458)
Cash flows from financing activities
Repurchase of subordinated notes 17 – (328,630)
Redemption of subordinated notes (4,545) –
Interest paid on subordinated notes (53,154) (48,769)
Issue of subordinated notes – 492,893
Issue costs in relation to subordinated notes (140) –
Other interest paid (14,202) (5,286)
Decrease in borrowings for statutory insurance deposits (45,250) (39,549)
Net cash (used in)/generated from financing activities (117,291) 70,659
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents (85,428) 109,753
Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents (745) 560
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 16 261,587 151,274
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December 16 175,414 261,587
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 149
Notes to the Financial Statements
As at 31 December 2015
1. Basis of preparation and consolidation accounting policy, and thus this amendment does not impact
the Group financial statements of the Society.
In 1871, by Lloyd’s Act 1871, the then existing association of
underwriters was incorporated in the United Kingdom as the Annual Improvements 2010-2012 Cycle
Society and Corporation of Lloyd’s (the ‘Society’). Its activities These improvements are effective from 1 July 2014 and include
are accordingly governed by statute and, since 1982, have been amendments to the following standards:
managed by the Council of Lloyd’s (the ‘Council’) pursuant to
– IFRS 2 Share Based Payment – amends the definition of
Lloyd’s Act 1982. Its principal place of business is at One Lime
‘vesting condition’ and ‘market condition’ and adds definitions
Street, London EC3M 7HA.
for ‘performance condition’ and ‘service condition’ (which were
The Society’s main corporate purposes are to facilitate the previously part of the definition of ‘vesting condition’). This
carrying on of insurance business by members of Lloyd’s and the amendment does not impact the Group financial statements
advancement and protection of their interests in this context. The of the Society;
Group financial statements of the Society of Lloyd’s comprise the – IFRS 3 Business Combination – clarifies that all contingent
financial statements of the Society of Lloyd’s and all its subsidiary consideration arrangements that are classified as assets
undertakings, the Lloyd’s Central Fund and the Group’s interest in or liabilities arising from a business combination should be
associates as at each reporting date. Subsidiary undertakings are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss
consolidated from the date of their acquisition, being the date on at each reporting date. This amendment does not impact
which the Society obtains control, and continue to be consolidated the Group financial statements of the Society;
until the date that such control ceases. The financial statements are – IFRS 8 Operating Segments – clarifies that an entity must
prepared using consistent accounting policies. All intra-Group disclose the judgements made by management in applying the
balances and transactions are eliminated in full. aggregation criteria to operating segments; also clarifies that
reconciliation of segment assets to total assets is only required
The Group financial statements have been prepared in accordance
to be disclosed if the reconciliation is reported regularly.
with International Financial Reporting Standards (as adopted by
The description of aggregation criteria is already disclosed
the European Union) and on a historic cost basis, except for
in note 3 of the Group financial statements of the Society;
financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
– IAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment and IAS 38 Intangible
and the Lloyd’s Collection, which are measured at fair value.
Assets – clarifies that the gross amount of property, plant and
Loans and receivables and other financial liabilities are carried at
equipment is adjusted in a manner consistent with a revaluation
amortised cost. The Group financial statements are presented in
of the carrying amount of the asset. The Society did not record
sterling and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand (£000).
any revaluation adjustments as at 31 December 2015; and
On 1 January 2015, the application of the following standards
– IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures – clarifies that a management
became compulsory for entities reporting in the European Union.
entity (an entity that provides key management personnel
Although these new standards and amendments apply for the
services) is a related party subject to the related party
first time in 2015, they do not have material impact on the Group
disclosures. In addition, an entity that uses a management entity
financial statements of the Society. The nature and impact of
is required to disclose the expenses incurred for management
each new standard or amendment is described below.
services. The Society did not receive any management services
Amendments to IAS 19 Defined Benefit Plans: from other entities, thus, this amendment does not impact the
Employee Contributions Group financial statements of the Society.
IAS 19 requires an entity to consider contributions from
Annual Improvements 2011-2013 Cycle
employees or third parties when accounting for defined benefit
These improvements are effective from 1 July 2014 and include
plans. Where the contributions are linked to service, they should
amendments to the following standards:
be attributed to periods of service as a negative benefit. These
amendments clarify that, if the amount of the contributions is – IFRS 3 Business Combination – clarifies that IFRS 3 excludes
independent of the number of years of service, an entity is from its scope the accounting for the formation of a joint
permitted to recognise such contributions as a reduction in the arrangement in the financial statements of the joint arrangement
service cost in the period in which the service is rendered, itself. Although the Group financial statements of the Society
instead of allocating the contributions to the periods of service. reflects its share of the results of operations of its investment
This amendment is effective for annual periods beginning on or in a joint venture, the Society is not a joint arrangement, and so
after 1 July 2014. This is consistent with the Society’s current this amendment is not applicable to the Group financial
statements of the Society; and
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 150
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
1. Basis of preparation and consolidation continued C. Lloyd’s Collection
Lloyd’s Collection represents various paintings, antiques and
Annual Improvements 2011-2013 Cycle continued
artefacts which are included at fair value. Any revaluation surplus
– IAS 40 Investment Property – clarifies the interrelationship of
or deficit is recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive
IFRS 3 and IAS 40 when classifying property as investment
income and is reflected in the revaluation reserve within the
property or owner-occupied property. The Society does not report
Group statement of changes in equity.
any investment property within the Group financial statements
of the Society. D. Investment in associates and joint venture
An associate is an entity in which the Society has significant
During the period ended 31 December 2015, the Society also
influence and which is not a subsidiary undertaking or joint
adopted other new amendments and interpretations to IFRS that
venture. A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the
became effective on 1 January 2015 which had no material impact
parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to
on the Group financial statements of the Society.
the net assets of the arrangement. The Society’s investment in
The Society is regulated by the PRA and the FCA. associates and joint venture are accounted for under the equity
method of accounting.
Under the equity method, the investment in associates and joint
2. Principal accounting policies
venture are carried in the Group statement of financial position
Critical accounting estimates and assumptions
at cost plus post-acquisition changes in the Society’s share of
In preparing the financial statements significant estimates and
net assets of the associate and joint venture. Goodwill relating to
judgements are made in respect of some of the items reported.
an associate is included in the carrying amount of the investment
The main accounting policies identified involving such assessments
and is not amortised. After application of the equity method, the
are considered to be:
Society determines whether it is necessary to recognise any
– Central Fund claims and provisions – undertakings additional impairment loss with respect to the Society’s net
(see note 2Q and note 19); investment in an associate and joint venture. The Group income
– Employee benefits – defined benefit pension scheme statement reflects its share of the results of operations of the
(see note 2I and note 18); associates and joint venture. The Society’s share of associates’
– Insurance contracts – liabilities and reinsurance assets other comprehensive income is recognised in the Group
(see note 2G and note 13); statement of comprehensive income.
– Loans recoverable – hardship loans (see note 2J and note 14); and
E. Impairment of non-financial assets
– Provisions – lease cost provision (see note 19).
The Society performs annual impairment testing to assess
whether there is an indication that an asset may be impaired.
A. Plant and equipment
If any such indication exists an impairment loss is recognised
Plant and equipment are held at cost less accumulated
for the amount by which the asset’s carrying value exceeds its
depreciation and any impairment in value.
recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of
Depreciation is charged on a straight-line basis on the following
an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value in use.
principal categories:
Prior impairments of non-financial assets are reviewed for
– Furniture and fittings are depreciated over seven to 25 years possible reversal at each reporting date.
according to the estimated useful life of the asset;
F. Financial instruments
– Computer and specialised equipment are depreciated over three
Financial assets
to 15 years according to the estimated useful life of the asset; and
Initial recognition
– Equipment on hire or lease is depreciated over the period of
Financial assets within the scope of IAS 39 are classified as
the lease.
financial assets at fair value through profit or loss or loans and
receivables. The Society determines the classification of its
B. Software development
financial assets at initial recognition.
Costs incurred in acquiring and developing computer software
are capitalised as intangible assets where the software supports Financial assets are recognised initially at fair value plus, in the
a significant business system and the expenditure leads to the case of loans and receivables, directly attributable transaction
creation of an identifiable asset of value. Software development costs. A financial asset is classified in this category if acquired
is held at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment principally for the purpose of selling in the short-term.
in value. Capitalised software is amortised over three years.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 151
Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of Fair value of financial instruments
assets within a timeframe established by regulation or convention Financial instruments are categorised for disclosure purposes
in the market place (regular way purchases) are recognised on into a hierarchy consisting of three levels depending upon the
the settlement date. source of input as required by IFRS 7 ‘Financial Instruments
Disclosures’.
The Society’s financial assets include loans recoverable, statutory
insurance deposits and other investments designated at fair value Level 1 – The fair value of financial instruments which are actively
through profit or loss, trade and other receivables, accrued traded in organised financial markets is determined by reference
income, cash and cash equivalents and derivative assets. to quoted market bid prices at the close of business on the
reporting date. The quoted market price used for financial assets
Subsequent measurement
held by the Society is the current bid price; the appropriate quoted
The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on
market price for financial liabilities is the current offer price.
their classification as follows:
Level 2 – The fair value of financial instruments for which quoted
(i) Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss include
market prices are not used for valuation purposes are derived
derivative financial assets which are classified as held for
both directly and indirectly from observable market conditions.
trading, and financial assets designated upon initial
The fair value of forward currency contracts is calculated by
recognition at fair value through profit or loss. They are
reference to current forward exchange rates for contracts with
carried in the Group statement of financial position at fair
similar maturity profiles. The nominal value less estimated credit
value. Gains and losses arising from changes in their fair value
adjustments of trade receivables and payables are assumed to
are included in the Group income statement in the period in
approximate to their fair values.
which they arise. When financial assets are interest-bearing,
interest calculated using the effective interest method is Level 3 – The fair value of financial instruments for which there is
recognised in the Group income statement; and no observable quoted market price is determined by a variety of
methods incorporating assumptions that are based, so far as
(ii) Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets
possible, on market conditions existing at each reporting date.
with fixed or determinable payment that are not quoted in an
active market. They arise when the Society provides money, Amortised cost of financial instruments
goods or services directly to a debtor with no intention of Amortised cost is computed using the effective interest method
trading the receivable. These financial assets are carried at less any allowance for impairment and principal repayment or
amortised cost using the effective interest method. Gains reduction. The calculation takes into account any premium or
and losses are recognised in the Group income statement discount on acquisition and includes transaction costs and fees
when the loans and receivables are derecognised or impaired, that are an integral part of the effective interest rate.
as well as through the amortisation process.
Impairment of financial assets
Financial liabilities The Society assesses at each reporting date whether there is an
Initial recognition indication that an asset may be impaired. If any such indication
Financial liabilities within the scope of IAS 39 are classified as exists, the asset is written down to its recoverable amount.
financial liabilities at fair value through profit and loss or other
Derecognition of financial instruments
financial liabilities. The Society determines the classification of
Investments are derecognised when the right to receive cash
its financial liabilities at initial recognition.
flows from the asset have expired or, in the case of a financial
Financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and in the liability, when the obligation under the liability is cancelled
case of other financial liabilities, directly attributable transaction or discharged.
costs. The Society’s financial liabilities include trade and other
G. Insurance contracts (liabilities and reinsurance assets)
payables, accruals, subordinated notes and perpetual
In accordance with IFRS 4 (Insurance contracts), the Society
subordinated capital securities and derivative liabilities.
applies established UK accounting practices for insurance
Subsequent measurement contracts, modified as appropriate to comply with the IFRS
The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on framework and applicable standards.
their classification as follows:
(i) Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include
derivative financial liabilities which are classified as held for
trading. Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are
recognised in the Group income statement; and
(ii) Other financial liabilities, which include the subordinated
notes and the perpetual subordinated capital securities, are
carried at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 152
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
2. Principal accounting policies continued Payments to separately administered defined contribution schemes
are charged to the Group income statement as they fall due.
G. Insurance contracts (liabilities and reinsurance assets)
continued Short-term bonuses are accrued in the period to which they relate,
Insurance contracts are defined as those containing significant long-term bonuses are recognised over their vesting period.
insurance risk which arises if, and only if, an insured event could
J. Loans recoverable
cause an insurer to pay significant additional benefits in any
Recoverable Central Fund loans made to hardship members are
scenario, excluding scenarios that lack commercial substance,
valued on a fair value basis and are designated as fair value
at the inception of the contract. Such contracts remain insurance
through profit or loss.
contracts until all rights and obligations are extinguished or expired.
Any gains and losses arising from changes in the fair value are
An impairment review is performed on all reinsurance assets
included in the Group income statement in the period in which
when an indication of impairment occurs. Reinsurance assets are
they arise.
impaired only if there is objective evidence that the Society may
Fair values are determined by reference to an estimate of the
not receive all amounts due to it under the terms of the contract
valuation of the underlying investments at the dates at which they
and this can be measured reliably.
may be exercised and discounted back to present day values.
The Corporation’s policy for measuring balances for insurance
A security can normally only be exercised on the later date of
contracts issued by overseas subsidiaries is to apply the
death of the member or of their spouse. This date is assessed
valuation technique used in the issuing entity’s local statutory
using actuarial assumptions.
or regulatory reporting. Therefore, for insurance contracts issued
K. Taxation
by Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited (LICCL),
Corporation tax on the surplus or deficit for the periods
balances are calculated in accordance with People’s Republic
presented comprises current and deferred tax. Corporation and
of China Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (PRC GAAP).
income tax are recognised in the Group income statement except
In particular, unearned premium reserves are calculated after
to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in the
deducting acquisition costs such as commissions, handling fees,
Group statement of comprehensive income, in which case it is
business taxes, surcharges and regulatory charges and
recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income.
outstanding claims reserves include a risk margin.
Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income
H. Inventories
for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantially enacted at
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable
the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect
value on a first in, first out (FIFO) basis. Net realisable value is
of previous years.
the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business
less estimated costs necessary to make the sale. Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary
differences and deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible
I. Employee benefits
temporary differences and unutilised tax losses to the extent that it
The Society accounts for pensions and similar benefits
is probable that taxable profits will be available against which the
(principally income protection due to ill health) under IAS 19
deductible temporary differences or tax losses can be utilised.
(Employee Benefits). The Society operates a number of defined
benefit pension schemes in which obligations are measured at Deferred tax is measured on an undiscounted basis at the rates
discounted present value using the projected unit credit method, that are expected to apply in the periods in which timing
while plan assets are recorded at fair value. The operating and differences reverse, based on tax rates and laws enacted or
financing income and costs of the scheme are recognised in the substantially enacted at the reporting date.
Group income statement. Service costs, financing income
L. Subordinated notes and perpetual subordinated
(expected return on plan assets) and costs are recognised in the
capital securities
periods in which they arise. Actuarial gains and losses are
Subordinated debt is initially recognised at fair value, being the
recognised in full in the Group statement of comprehensive
fair value of the consideration received net of issue costs
income in the period in which they occur. Costs of discretionary
associated with the borrowing.
awards in respect of past service are recognised in the Group
After initial recognition, the subordinated debt is subsequently
income statement when amounts are committed to be paid or
recorded at amortised cost using the effective interest rate over
there is a constructive liability to make awards to pensioners.
the period to the earliest option date. Amortised cost is calculated
after taking into account issue costs and issue discount.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 153
M. Cash and cash equivalents wholly at the discretion of the Council for a fixed period,
For the purposes of the Group statement of cash flows, cash normally one year, and therefore are not deemed to be
comprises cash at banks and demand deposits, and cash constructive obligations, except for renewals of those
equivalents comprise highly liquid investments that are commitments previously granted. For those corporate members
convertible into cash with an insignificant risk of changes in in provisional liquidation, the Council provides a supporting
value, with original maturities of less than three months. commitment, which will ensure that in no circumstance will an
insurance creditor receive less than the amount it would have
N. Income recognition
received in a winding up commencing on the date of the
Income, which is stated net of value added tax, comprises the fair
provisional liquidation. As the supporting undertakings are legally
value of amounts receivable. Income is recognised as follows:
enforceable commitments, an estimate of their value is included
(i) Members’ subscriptions, market charges and other services
within provisions in the Group financial statements and changes
Members’ subscriptions, market charges and other services
during the period are reflected in the Group income statement.
are recognised in the period for which the service is
Recoveries in respect of undertakings previously given are
provided. They are recognised on a basis that reflects the
credited to the Group income statement when contractually
timing, nature and value of the benefits provided.
committed to be received.
(ii) Central Fund contributions
R. Foreign currency and derivative instruments
Central Fund contributions from members underwriting in
Foreign currency translation
the year are recognised in the period for which the service is
provided. (i) Functional and presentation currency
The Group financial statements are presented in pound
(iii) I nterest income
sterling, which is the Society’s functional and presentation
Interest receivable is recognised in the Group income
currency. Items included in the financial statements of each
statement on a time apportioned basis using the effective
of the Society’s entities are measured using the currency of
interest method. Any unwinding of discount is recognised as
the primary economic environment in which the entity
interest income.
operates (the functional currency).
(iv) D ividend income
(ii) Transactions and balances
Dividend income from equity investments is included in the
Transactions in foreign currencies are recorded at the
Group income statement on the ex-dividend date.
exchange rate prevailing on the date of the transaction.
(v) O ther income
At each reporting date, monetary assets and liabilities
Other income is recognised when recoverability is agreed.
denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the
O. Insurance premiums exchange rate prevailing at the reporting date. Translation
Insurance premiums represent premiums on business incepting differences on monetary items are taken to the Group
during the year, together with adjustments for premiums written income statement.
in previous accounting periods. Premium income is recognised
Translation differences on non-monetary items measured at fair
over the period of cover. Premiums written are stated before
value are reported as part of the fair value gain or loss and
deduction of commissions but net of taxes, duties levied on
included in the Group statement of comprehensive income.
premiums and other similar deductions.
The results and financial position of overseas Society operations
P. Insurance claims
are translated into pound sterling as follows:
Claims incurred in insurance related activities consist of claims
– Assets and liabilities are translated at the closing rate at the
and claims handling expenses paid during the year together with
date of that statement of financial position;
the movement in outstanding claims. Outstanding claims are the
– Income and expenses are translated at the average exchange
estimated final cost of all claims incurred but not settled at the
rate for the year; and
reporting date, including claims incurred but not reported (IBNR).
– Any resulting exchange differences are recognised in the
Outstanding claims are discounted. Subsequent information and
Group statement of comprehensive income.
events may result in the ultimate liability being less than, or
greater than, the amount provided. Any differences between the
The Society enters into forward currency contracts to manage
provision and subsequent settlements are reflected within the
exposures to fluctuation in foreign exchange rates, and to
Group financial statements of later years when differences
provide a service to the Lloyd’s market. Where gains and losses
between provision and subsequent settlement became apparent.
are not expected to be refunded or recovered from the Lloyd’s
Q. Central Fund claims and provisions market, these amounts are taken to the Group income statement.
Central Fund claims and provisions (undertakings) are accounted
for when they are approved by the Council and become
contractual commitments. These undertakings are granted
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 154
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
2. Principal accounting policies continued
R. Foreign currency and derivative instruments continued
The principal exchange rates were:
2015 2014
US$ 1.47 1.56
Can$ 2.05 1.81
Euro 1.36 1.29
S. Leases
Payments made under operating leases are charged to the Group income statement on a straight-line basis over the period of the
lease. Contractual capital expenditure is provided for over the term of the underlying lease agreement. The lease cost provision
(see note 19) is an accounting estimate which arises due to the fact the the Society has entered into a number of fully repairing leases.
T. New standards and interpretations not applied
The International Accounting Standards Board and International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee have issued the
following standards and interpretations relevant to the Society. At the date these financial statements were approved, the following
standards were in issue but not effective:
Effective date
(for accounting periods beginning on or after)
International Accounting Standards
IFRS 15 Revenue from contracts with customers 1 January 2018
IFRS 9 Financial Instruments 1 January 2018
The Council does not expect that the adoption of the above standards will have a material impact on the Society’s financial statements
although the impact will be assessed as the standards develop.
3. Segmental analysis
Segment information is presented in respect of the Society’s business segments. The primary business segments are based on the
Society’s management and internal reporting structure.
Intra-segment pricing is determined on an arm’s length basis.
Segment results, assets and liabilities include items directly attributable to a segment as well as those that can be allocated on a
reasonable basis.
Segment capital expenditure is the total cost incurred during the year to acquire segment assets that are expected to be used for more
than one period.
Segment information in respect of geographical location is not presented. The Society’s main source of income is from the Lloyd’s
market based primarily in the UK, which includes the recovery of costs in respect of overseas operations. The recovery of overseas
operating costs is collected in the UK from the Lloyd’s market.
The Society’s primary business segments are as follows:
– Corporation of Lloyd’s: the main corporate purposes are to facilitate the carrying on of insurance business by members of Lloyd’s
and the advancement and protection of their interests in this context. The activities of authorised insurance company subsidiary
undertakings are included within this business segment; and
– Lloyd’s Central Fund: these funds comprising the New Central Fund and Old Central Fund are assets of the Society and are held and
administered at the discretion of the Council, primarily as funds available for the protection of the policyholders. Unless the approval
of members is obtained, the New Central Fund may not be used for the purposes of extinguishing or reducing liabilities which have
been reinsured by Equitas.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 155
3. Segmental analysis continued
2015 2015 2015
Corporation Lloyd’s Society
of Lloyd’s Central Fund total
A. Information by business segment Note £000 £000 £000
Segment income
Total income 3B 238,994 111,507 350,501
Segment operating expenses
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred 4 – (14) (14)
Gross insurance claims 13 (68,639) – (68,639)
Insurance claims recoverable from reinsurers 13 68,639 – 68,639
Other Group operating expenses:
Employment (including pension costs) 6 (125,381) – (125,381)
Premises (40,305) – (40,305)
Legal and professional 5 (26,068) (1,120) (27,188)
Systems and communications (26,012) – (26,012)
Other (29,458) (10,713) (40,171)
Total other Group operating expenses (247,224) (11,833) (259,057)
Total segment operating expenses (247,224) (11,847) (259,071)
Total segment operating (deficit)/surplus (8,230) 99,660 91,430
Finance costs – other 7 (36) (54,326) (54,362)
Finance income 7 4,258 38,470 42,728
Share of profits of associates 12A 7,391 – 7,391
Segment surplus before tax 3,383 83,804 87,187
Tax charge (12,835)
Surplus for the year 74,352
Segment assets and liabilities
Investment in associates 8,502 – 8,502
Other assets 1,038,267 2,532,200 3,570,467
Segment assets 1,046,769 2,532,200 3,578,969
Tax assets 24,388
Total assets 3,603,357
Segment liabilities (876,203) (955,371) (1,831,574)
Tax liabilities (8,977)
Total liabilities (1,840,551)
Other segment information
Capital expenditure 9/10 16,174 – 16,174
Depreciation 10 7,640 – 7,640
Amortisation of intangible assets 9 175 – 175
Average number of UK employees (permanent and contract) 806 – 806
Average number of overseas employees (permanent and contract) 220 – 220
Average number of total employees (permanent and contract) 1,026 – 1,026
Average staff numbers shown above are on a full-time equivalent basis.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 156
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
3. Segmental analysis continued
2014 2014 2014
Corporation Lloyd’s Society
of Lloyd’s Central Fund total
A. Information by business segment continued Note £000 £000 £000
Segment income
Total income 3B 220,725 114,746 335,471
Segment operating expenses
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred 4 – (812) (812)
Central Fund repayment to members – (48,995) (48,995)
Gross insurance claims 13 (13,841) – (13,841)
Insurance claims recoverable from reinsurers 13 14,360 – 14,360
Other Group operating expenses:
Employment (including pension costs) 6 (108,309) – (108,309)
Premises (42,226) – (42,226)
Legal and professional 5 (19,711) (1,023) (20,734)
Systems and communications (23,563) – (23,563)
Other (24,276) (8,152) (32,428)
Total other Group operating expenses (218,085) (9,175) (227,260)
Total segment operating expenses (217,566) (58,982) (276,548)
Total segment operating surplus 3,159 55,764 58,923
Finance costs
Deficit on subordinated debt repurchase 17 – (8,929) (8,929)
Other 7 (22) (48,898) (48,920)
Finance income 7 2,859 90,664 93,523
Unrealised exchange gains on borrowings – 6,864 6,864
Share of profits of associates 12A 7,577 – 7,577
Segment surplus before tax 13,573 95,465 109,038
Tax charge (17,543)
Surplus for the year 91,495
Segment assets and liabilities
Investment in associates 7,958 – 7,958
Other assets 883,684 2,561,688 3,445,372
Segment assets 891,642 2,561,688 3,453,330
Tax assets 19,178
Total assets 3,472,508
Segment liabilities (807,904) (962,606) (1,770,510)
Tax liabilities (8,681)
Total liabilities (1,779,191)
Other segment information
Capital expenditure 9/10 2,212 – 2,212
Depreciation 10 4,244 – 4,244
Amortisation of intangible assets 9 121 – 121
Average number of UK employees (permanent and contract) 753 – 753
Average number of overseas employees (permanent and contract) 166 – 166
Average number of total employees (permanent and contract) 919 – 919
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 157
3. Segmental analysis continued
Corporation of Lloyd’s Lloyd’s Central Fund Society total
2015 2014 2015 2014 2015 2014
B. Income £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Market charges
Managing agents and syndicates 110,877 95,500 – – 110,877 95,500
Members and members’ agents 11,509 11,056 – – 11,509 11,056
Total market charges 122,386 106,556 – – 122,386 106,556
Members’ subscriptions 102,887 98,820 – – 102,887 98,820
Other charges 13,492 14,488 – – 13,492 14,488
Total operating income 238,765 219,864 – – 238,765 219,864
Central Fund contributions – – 106,922 101,971 106,922 101,971
Gross written premiums 104,413 53,040 – – 104,413 53,040
Outward reinsurance premiums (104,409) (53,036) – – (104,409) (53,036)
Other Group income 225 857 4,585 12,775 4,810 13,632
Total income 238,994 220,725 111,507 114,746 350,501 335,471
During the year, members paid to the Corporation of Lloyd’s (members’ subscriptions) and to the Central Fund (Central Fund
contributions from members) at 0.5% of their syndicate forecast written premium net of acquisition costs (2014: 0.5%). Central Fund
contributions in the first three years of membership are charged at 2% of syndicate forecast written premium. The ultimate amounts
to be retained by the Corporation of Lloyd’s and the Central Fund for 2015 will be based on actual 2015 written premiums, of members,
the quantification of which will not be known until 2017. The £107m (Central Fund contribution from members) and £103m (members’
subscriptions) included in the Group income statement are based on the present best estimates of the ultimate amounts that will be
retained by the Central Fund and the Corporation of Lloyd’s respectively.
On 24 September 2014, the Council approved the repayment of 0.25% of premiums written arising from 2012 Year of Account Central
Fund contributions, which amounted to £49m. There is no repayment in 2015.
Other Group income includes foreign exchange gains, market settlement recoveries which represent continuing debt recoveries from
the 1996 ‘Reconstruction and Renewal’ settlement and recoveries in respect of undertakings given by the Central Fund.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 158
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
4. Central Fund claims and provisions incurred
2015 2014
Note £000 £000
Net undertakings granted 19 – (800)
Claims payable in respect of individual members (14) (12)
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred (14) (812)
The Council has given undertakings with financial limits to certain corporate members to use the New Central Fund to discharge the
liability of those members where they have unpaid cash calls and do not have the resources to meet those cash calls. The purpose of
these undertakings is primarily to allow valid claims made on policies underwritten by those insolvent members to continue to be paid in
full. Undertakings are accounted for when they are approved by the Council and become contractual commitments. These undertakings
are granted wholly at the discretion of the Council principally on an annual basis and therefore are not deemed constructive obligations
(see note 19). Unutilised undertakings as at 31 December 2015 were £6m; the undertakings have been replaced by further annual
undertakings given on 21 March 2016 that total £6m, a net increase of nil. No provision has been included in these financial statements
in respect of these further undertakings.
For those corporate members in provisional liquidation, the Council has also provided supporting commitments, which will ensure that
in no circumstance will an insurance creditor receive less than the amount it would have received in a winding up commencing on the
date of the provisional liquidation.
As the supporting undertakings are legally enforceable commitments, an estimate of their value, if applicable, has been included within
provisions in the Group financial statements and changes during the year are reflected in the Group income statement, as shown in the
table above.
5. Other Group operating expenses
2015 2015
Corporation Lloyd’s 2015
of Lloyd’s Central Fund Total
Note £000 £000 £000
Other Group operating expenses include:
Employment costs 6 125,381 – 125,381
Operating lease costs – Lloyd’s 1986 building 17,010 – 17,010
Operating lease costs – other 7,669 – 7,669
Professional fees, including legal fees and related costs 23,998 927 24,925
Audit 388 193 581
Other services pursuant to legislation payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 548 – 548
Actuarial services payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 73 – 73
Tax services payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 123 – 123
Information Technology (other) services payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 30 – 30
Other services payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 908 – 908
Total legal and professional fees 26,068 1,120 27,188
Charitable donations 455 – 455
Other services pursuant to legislation payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP includes work undertaken on the Aggregate Accounts,
pro forma financial statements and regulatory returns.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 159
5. Other Group operating expenses continued
2014 2014
Corporation Lloyd’s 2014
of Lloyd’s Central Fund Total
Note £000 £000 £000
Other Group operating expenses include:
Employment costs 6 108,309 – 108,309
Operating lease cost – Lloyd’s 1986 building 18,491 – 18,491
Operating lease cost – other 7,414 – 7,414
Professional fees, including legal fees and related costs 17,734 741 18,475
Audit 409 183 592
Other services pursuant to legislation payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 414 – 414
Actuarial services payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 85 – 85
Tax services payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 120 – 120
Information Technology (other) services payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 22 – 22
Other services payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 927 99 1,026
Total legal and professional fees 19,711 1,023 20,734
Charitable donations 433 – 433
6. Employment
2015 2014
Note £000 £000
Salaries and wages (including performance-related bonus) 75,800 66,290
Lloyd’s Performance Plan (excluding social security costs – note 19) 5,916 7,579
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme costs 18 12,364 9,274
Other pension costs 2,555 1,745
Social security costs 8,438 6,935
Severance costs 774 231
Contract and agency staff 8,555 5,459
Other employment costs 10,979 10,796
Total employment costs 125,381 108,309
The emoluments of the Chairman, CEO, members of the Council and Franchise Board are included in the report of the Remuneration
Committee on page 121.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 160
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
7. Finance
2015 2015
Corporation Lloyd’s 2015
of Lloyd’s Central Fund Total
Note £000 £000 £000
Finance costs
Interest payable on financial liabilities measured at amortised cost – (53,034) (53,034)
Other interest payable and similar charges (36) – (36)
Amortisation of issue costs and discount – (1,292) (1,292)
Total interest payable on financial liabilities 3A (36) (54,326) (54,362)
Finance income
Bank interest received 3,807 4,107 7,914
Dividends received – 6,932 6.932
Other returns on investments designated at fair value through profit or loss 350 25,400 25,750
Unrealised fair value movement of forward contracts held for trading 101 (6,455) (6,354)
Realised fair value movement of forward contracts held for trading – 7,403 7,403
Increase in valuation of loans recoverable designated
at fair value through profit or loss – 1,083 1,083
Total finance income 3A 4,258 38,470 42,728
2014 2014
Corporation Lloyd’s 2014
of Lloyd’s Central Fund Total
Note £000 £000 £000
Finance costs
Interest payable on financial liabilities measured at amortised cost – (50,262) (50,262)
Other interest payable and similar charges (22) – (22)
Amortisation of issue costs and discount – 1,364 1,364
Total interest payable on financial liabilities 3A (22) (48,898) (48,920)
Finance income
Bank interest received 2,027 3,289 5,316
Dividends received – 6,828 6,828
Other returns on investments designated at fair value through profit or loss 987 83,682 84,669
Unrealised fair value movement of forward contracts held for trading (155) (1,979) (2,134)
Realised fair value movement of forward contracts held for trading – (6,499) (6,499)
Increase in valuation of loans recoverable designated
at fair value through profit or loss – 5,343 5,343
Total finance income 3A 2,859 90,664 93,523
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 161
8. Taxation
A. Tax analysis of charge in the year
2015 2014
Note £000 £000
Current tax:
Corporation tax based on profits for the year at 20.25% (2014: 21.5%) (20,751) (21,117)
Adjustments in respect of previous years 773 812
Foreign tax suffered (1,254) (900)
Total current tax (21,232) (21,205)
Deferred tax:
Origination and reversal of timing differences
Current year 8,026 3,268
Prior year 371 394
Tax charge recognised in the Group income statement 8B (12,835) (17,543)
Analysis of tax charge recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income:
Tax (charge)/credit on actuarial loss on pension liabilities:
Group (3,199) 9,457
Associates (133) 256
Tax (charge)/credit recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income (3,332) 9,713
Total tax charge (16,167) (7,830)
B. Reconciliation of effective tax rate
2015 2015 2014 2014
Note % £000 % £000
Surplus on ordinary activities before tax 87,187 109,038
Corporation tax at 20.25% (2014: 21.50%) 20.25% (17,655) 21.50% (23,443)
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes 1.21% (1,054) 0.31% (334)
Utilisation of tax credits – – (0.33%) 358
Overseas tax 0.29% (254) 0.82% (900)
Other (0.73%) 637 (1.37%) 1,498
Share of profits of associates (1.72%) 1,497 (1.49%) 1,629
Deferred tax adjustment relating to the Lloyd’s Collection – – (2.47%) 2,688
Deferred tax on restated fixed assets (1.20%) 1,048 – –
Deferred tax adjustment relating to change in tax rate (2.06%) 1,798 0.25% (274)
Deferred tax prior year adjustments (0.43%) 375 (0.39%) 423
Adjustments in respect of previous years (0.89%) 773 (0.74%) 812
Tax charge 8A 14.72% (12,835) 16.09% (17,543)
C. Deferred tax
2015 2015 2015
Balance at Income 2015 Balance at
1 January statement Equity 31 December
£000 £000 £000 £000
Plant and equipment 5,020 610 – 5,630
Loans recoverable (860) 860 – –
Financial investments (4,585) 3,428 – (1,157)
Pension liabilities 16,745 3,669 (3,199) 17,215
Other employee benefits 2,592 (195) – 2,397
Other items 266 26 11 303
Total deferred tax 19,178 8,398 (3,188) 24,388
In 2015 there were no unrecognised deductible temporary differences (2014: nil).
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 162
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
8. Taxation continued
C. Deferred tax continued
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rate that will apply to the period when an asset is expected to be realised or
a liability is expected to be settled. The applicable rate is that which has been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date.
The deferred tax asset is based on a corporation tax rate of 20%-18% depending on when an asset is expected to unwind (2014: 20%).
Reductions to the UK corporate tax rate to 19% from 1 April 2017 and 18% from 1 April 2020 were announced in the Budget on 8 July
2015 and substantively enacted in October 2015.
2014 2014 2014
Balance at Income 2014 Balance at
1 January statement Equity 31 December
£000 £000 £000 £000
Plant and equipment 4,541 479 – 5,020
Loans recoverable (1,721) 861 – (860)
Financial investments (3,417) (1,168) – (4,585)
Pension liabilities 6,485 803 9,457 16,745
Other employee benefits 2,538 54 – 2,592
Other items (2,367) 2,633 – 266
Total deferred tax 6,059 3,662 9,457 19,178
9. Intangible assets – software development
£000
Cost
At 1 January 2014 4,834
Additions 102
Disposals (202)
At 31 December 2014 4,734
Additions 272
Disposals (195)
At 31 December 2015 4,811
Amortisation
At 1 January 2014 4,794
Charge for the year 121
Disposals (199)
At 31 December 2014 4,716
Charge for the year 175
Disposals (161)
At 31 December 2015 4,730
Net book value at 31 December 2015 81
Net book value at 31 December 2014 18
Impairment losses
As part of an assessment of the carrying value of assets, none of the intangible assets were written off in 2015 and 2014.
The amortisation charge is included within other Group operating expenses.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 163
10. Plant and equipment
Computer and
Furniture and specialised
fittings equipment Other Total
£000 £000 £000 £000
Cost:
At 1 January 2014 20,289 19,128 90 39,507
Additions 448 1,657 5 2,110
Transfer 601 (601) – –
Disposals (936) (1,597) (2) (2,535)
At 31 December 2014 20,402 18,587 93 39,082
Additions 11,654 4,241 7 15,902
Disposals (2,506) (725) (35) (3,266)
At 31 December 2015 29,550 22,103 65 51,718
Depreciation and impairment
At 1 January 2014 12,566 12,814 34 25,414
Depreciation charge for the year 1,783 2,438 23 4,244
Disposals (725) (1,587) (1) (2,313)
At 31 December 2014 13,624 13,665 56 27,345
Depreciation charge for the year 5,311 2,311 18 7,640
Disposals (900) (585) (26) (1,511)
At 31 December 2015 18,035 15,391 48 33,474
Net book value at 31 December 2015 11,515 6,712 17 18,244
Net book value at 31 December 2014 6,778 4,922 37 11,737
Impairment losses
Impairment reviews are undertaken annually in which assets within plant and equipment have their recoverable amounts reassessed.
As part of this assessment of the carrying value of assets, none of the plant and equipment were written off in 2015 and 2014.
11. Investments in subsidiary undertakings
Subsidiaries are those entities over which the Society directly or indirectly has the power to govern the operating and financial
policies in order to gain economic benefits. The basis by which subsidiaries are consolidated in the Group financial statements
is outlined in the basis of preparation (Note 1).
The following subsidiaries principally affected the Group’s results as at 31 December 2015, as set out in the Society Group
income statement.
Principal subsidiary undertakings
Company name Nature of business Country of incorporation
Additional Underwriting Agencies (No. 5) Acts as members’ agent for Names England and Wales
Limited
Additional Securities Limited Provision of deposits overseas on behalf of England and Wales
Lloyd’s underwriters to comply with local
insurance regulations
Centrewrite Limited Authorised UK Insurance Company England and Wales
Lloyd’s Housing Support Limited General commercial Company England and Wales
Lloyd’s Members Agency Services Limited Acts as members’ agent for run-off affairs England and Wales
Omniline Services Limited Incorporated for the purpose of sale and England and Wales
leaseback of Lloyd’s 1958 Building
Syndicate Underwriting Management Limited Provision of insurance run-off and related England and Wales
administrative services
Tutelle Limited Acts as a trustee of a fund established in order England and Wales
to secure the performance of obligations under
certain indemnities given by the Society of Lloyd’s
Lloyd’s Australia Limited Provision of administrative functions for Lloyd’s Australia
underwriters and acts as liaison office with the
insurance regulatory authorities in Australia
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 164
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
11. Investments in subsidiary undertakings continued
Principal subsidiary undertakings continued
Company name Nature of business Country of incorporation
Lloyd’s Canada Inc. Provision of administration function on behalf of Canada
Society of Lloyd’s and Lloyd’s underwriters in Canada
Lloyd’s Cyprus Limited Acts as general and fiscal representative in Cyprus Cyprus
Lloyd’s underwriters
Lloyd’s Escritorio de Representacao Provides representative, administrative and management Brazil
no Brasil Ltda. services on behalf of the Society of Lloyd’s and participant
of Lloyd’s insurance market. Also acts as general and
fiscal representative for Lloyd’s underwriters
Lloyd’s France SAS Provides administrative and management services France
on behalf of the Society of Lloyd’s and participant
of Lloyd’s insurance market
Lloyd’s Iberia Representative S. L. U. Provides administrative and management services Spain
on behalf of the Society of Lloyd’s and participant
of Lloyd’s insurance market
Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited Authorised insurance Company in China China
Lloyd’s Ireland Representative Limited Provides administrative and management services on Ireland
behalf of Society of Lloyd’s and participants of Lloyds
insurance market. Also acts as general representative
for Lloyd’s underwriters in Ireland
Lloyd’s Japan Inc. Acting as a General Agent for the Society of Lloyd’s in Japan Japan
Lloyd’s Labuan Limited Licensed to carry on business as underwriting manager Malaysia
in Labuan
Lloyd’s Limited Provides administrative and management services UAE
on behalf of the Society of Lloyd’s and participant
of Lloyd’s insurance market
Lloyd’s Malta Limited Acts as a local general representative of the Society of Lloyd’s Malta
and those underwriting members of Lloyd’s who transact
insurance business in Malta
Lloyd’s Netherlands Representative B. V. Acts as representative office of Lloyd’s underwriters and Netherlands
Society of Lloyd’s
Lloyd’s of London (Asia) Pte Ltd Provides support for business development, administration Singapore
and co-ordination services to the Society of Lloyd’s and
Lloyd’s managing agents as well as providing administrative
functions for Lloyd’s underwriters and acting as a liaison with
the relevant regulatory authorities in Singapore
Lloyd’s of London (Representative Office) Acts as general and fiscal representative in Greece of Greece
Greece SA Lloyd’s underwriters
Lloyd’s Polska Sp. z o.o. Provides administrative and management services Poland
on behalf of the Society of Lloyd’s and participant
of Lloyd’s insurance market
Lloyd’s South Africa (Proprietary) Ltd Provision of administration function on behalf of South Africa
Society of Lloyd’s and Lloyd’s underwriters in South Africa
Lloyd’s America Ltd. Parent Company of Lloyd’s America Holding Inc. England and Wales
Lloyd’s America Holding Inc. Provision of services to Society of Lloyd’s and USA
Lloyd’s America Inc. its brokers and customers in North America
Lloyd’s Illinois Inc.
Lloyd’s Kentucky Inc.
The main territory of operation of subsidiaries incorporated in England and Wales is the UK. For overseas subsidiaries, the principal
country of operation is the same as the country of incorporation. All operating subsidiaries have a 31 December year end reporting date
with the exception of Lloyd’s Japan Inc. with the year end reporting date of 31 March. All operating subsidiaries are 100% owned with
the exception of Lloyd’s Malta Limited which is 99% owned and Lloyd’s Escritorio de Representacao no Brasil Ltda. which is 99.99%
owned by Society of Lloyd’s.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 165
Restrictions
Lloyd’s operates in over 200 territories around the world and uses a number of different operating models depending upon local
regulatory requirements. Different countries operate different regulatory regimes and in some cases, these may place certain
restrictions on the use of capital and assets which are held within those countries, including capital of RMB 1bn (2014: RMB 1bn)
within Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited. Lloyd’s proactively manages its international asset base to ensure that any such
restrictions have a minimal impact upon the utilisation of capital and investments or upon the operations of the Corporation.
Risks
In addition to the risks which are set out in the Financial Risk Management section on pages 135-136, the Corporation’s subsidiary
Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited (LICCL) is also subject to the following risks:
– Credit risk: there is a risk that a syndicate may be unable to fulfil its reinsurance obligations, in which case LICCL could
potentially be exposed to a loss;
– Regulatory risk: as an overseas underwriting company, LICCL is subject to the requirements of the local regulator and could
be subject to penalties if these regulations are not satisfied;
– Management do not consider that LICCL is subject to insurance risk due to the fact that all business is 100% reinsured.
Dormant subsidiaries
The Society has an ongoing interest in the following dormant subsidiaries. These subsidiaries are all 100% owned by the Society
and they have not actively traded as at 31 December 2015.
Company Name Country of Incorporation
Additional Underwriting Agencies (No. 9) Limited England and Wales
Additional Underwriting Agencies (No.10) Limited England and Wales
Bankside Nominees Limited England and Wales
Barder & Marsh Nominees Limited England and Wales
CI de Rougemont (Nominees) Limited England and Wales
CMA (CT&W) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Crowe Agency Nominees Limited England and Wales
Cuthbert Heath Nominees Limited England and Wales
Devonshire Underwriting Agencies Nominees Limited England and Wales
EHW (Nominees) Limited England and Wales
EWC (Nominees) Limited England and Wales
GP Eliot (Nominees) Limited England and Wales
Gammell Kershaw Nominees Limited England and Wales
GTUA Nominees Limited England and Wales
Habit Nominees Limited England and Wales
Hayter Brockbank Shipton Nominees Limited England and Wales
Higgins Brasier Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s Nominees Director Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s Nominees Secretary Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Cassidy Members) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Claremount) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Harrison Brothers) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Murray Lawrence) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Octavian) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (R J Kiln) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Sedgwick) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Spratt & White) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Stewart Members) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London (Wellington) Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd-Roberts & Gilkes Nominees Limited England and Wales
Mander, Thomas & Cooper Nominees Limited England and Wales
Meacock (Nominees) Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 166
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
11. Investments in subsidiary undertakings continued
Dormant subsidiaries continued
Company Name Country of Incorporation
MFK Nominees Limited England and Wales
Miles Smith Nominees Limited England and Wales
Mocatta Dashwood Nominees Limited England and Wales
MUA Nominees Limited England and Wales
Mythzone Nominees Limited England and Wales
Nomad Nominees Limited England and Wales
Pieri Nominees Limited England and Wales
Pound Nominees Limited England and Wales
R F Kershaw (Nominees) Limited England and Wales
Rilong Nominees Limited England and Wales
Scott Caudle Hilsum Nominees Limited England and Wales
Sturge Central Nominees Limited England and Wales
Wendover Nominees Limited England and Wales
WFDA Nominees Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s Aviation Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s Building Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s.com Limited England and Wales
Lloyds Information Services Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s Life Limited England and Wales
Lloyds List Limited England and Wales
Lloyds of London Press Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s Recoveries Limited England and Wales
Lloyd’s Shelf Company 1 Limited England and Wales
Lutine Nominees & Insurance Limited England and Wales
Sharedealer Limited England and Wales
All Subsidiary undertakings are included in the consolidated Society Report. The proportions of the voting rights in the subsidiary
undertakings held directly by the Society do not differ from the proportion of the ordinary shares held. With the exception of £1 preference
share for Lloyd’s Building Limited, the Society does not have any preference shares of subsidiary undertakings included in the Group.
12. Investments in Associates and Joint Venture
The Society has the following significant holdings which have been included as investments in associates and joint ventures.
Investment in Associates and Joint Venture
Company Name Country of Incorporation Proportion of equity capital held Nature of business
Ins-sure Holdings Limited England and Wales 25% Provision of premiums and claims
accounting and settlement, policy
production and ancillary
insurance services principally to
the London insurance market
Xchanging Claims Services Limited England and Wales 50% Provision of claims and
recoveries services
The Message Exchange Limited England and Wales Limited by Guarantee 25% Provision of messaging
infrastructure to the London
insurance market
The issued share capital of Ins-sure Holdings Limited is £4,000. There are three classes of shares. The Society holds 1,000,000 B
shares of 0.1p each that have the right to participate in 25% of any profits available for distribution.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 167
The issued share capital of Xchanging Claims Services Limited is £4,001. There are three classes of shares. The Society holds 1,000 A
shares of £1 each and 2,001 C shares of £1 each. The A and C shares have the following rights with respect to dividends:
(a) The C shares carry a right to a fixed cumulative preference dividend of 5% calculated on the nominal capital and a variable
participating dividend calculated by reference to trading profits; and
(b) The A shares participate in 50% of any profits available for distribution after taking account of the dividend rights outlined above.
The Society entered into a joint venture agreement with International Underwriting Association; London and International Brokers’
Association; and Lloyd’s Market Association for an equal participation in The Message Exchange Limited (TMEL) which was
incorporated on 27 August 2010.
TMEL operates The Exchange – a simple messaging hub provided to the London insurance market to support its efforts to extend the use of
electronic processing of business. As at 31 December 2014 and 2015, the net assets of TMEL have no material impact on the Society accounts.
A. Investments in Associates and Joint Venture
2015 2014
£000 £000
At 1 January 7,958 7,897
Share of operating profits 9,545 9,603
Share of interest income (141) 60
Share of tax on profit on ordinary activities (2,013) (2,086)
Total share of profits of associates 7,391 7,577
Share of actuarial gains/(losses) on pension liability 467 (1,192)
Share of tax on items taken directly to equity (133) 256
Dividends received (7,181) (6,580)
At 31 December 8,502 7,958
Summary of financial information for associates – 100%:
Summarised statement of financial position
Ins-sure Holdings Xchanging Claims The Message Exchange
Limited Services Limited Limited
As at 31 December As at 31 December As at 31 December
2015 2014 2015 2014 2015 2014
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Current assets
Debtors 18,791 16,671 5,117 4,992 72 44
Prepayments and accrued income 286 – 195 – 68 69
Cash at bank and in hand 15,992 19,482 3,477 9,051 – 62
Total current assets 35,069 36,153 8,789 14,043 140 175
Non-current assets
Tangible fixed assets 665 9,831 7 816 – –
Intangible Assets 20,948 – 365 – – –
Deferred tax assets 350 – – – – –
Total non-current assets 21,963 9,831 372 816 – –
Current liabilities
Creditors falling due within one year (23,306) (21,639) (5,085) (9,003) (140) (175)
Current income tax liabilities (5,557) – – – – –
Total current liabilities (28,863) (21,639) (5,085) (9,003) (140) (175)
Non-current liabilities
Creditors falling due after more than one year (484) – (12) (24) – –
Pension liability (1,943) (3,398) 68 (386) – –
Total non-current liabilities (2,427) (3,398) 56 (410) – –
Net assets 25,742 20,947 4,132 5,446 – –
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 168
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
12. Investments in Associates and Joint Venture continued
A. Investments in Associates and Joint Venture continued
Summarised statement of comprehensive income
Ins-sure Holdings Xchanging Claims The Message Exchange
Limited Services Limited Limited
For the period ended For the period ended For the period ended
31 December 31 December 31 December
2015 2014 2015 2014 2015 2014
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Revenues 99,932 91,265 27,516 39,171 856 1,403
Operating costs (67,015) (63,897) (22,797) (32,682) (856) (1,403)
Operating profit 32,917 27,368 4,719 6,489 – –
Interest receivable and similar income 17 328 5 9 – –
Interest payable and similar charges (293) (45) (12) (33) – –
Profit on ordinary activities before taxation 32,641 27,651 4,712 6,465 – –
Tax on profit on ordinary activities (6,820) (6,108) (959) (1,437) – –
Profit for the financial year 25,821 21,543 3,753 5,028 – –
Other comprehensive income (480) (3,426) 56 (160) – –
Total comprehensive income 25,341 18,117 3,809 4,868 – –
B. Lloyd’s Collection
The Lloyd’s Collection represents various paintings, antiques and artefacts. The collection was valued at £13.3m by Gurr Johns Limited,
valuers and fine art consultants in November 2015, on the basis of open market auction value assuming all items are not sold at the
same time taking into account the nature, age, condition and quality of each chattel. This resulted in a revaluation gain of £0.8m in 2015.
In 2014, it was assessed that there was no change in valuation.
13. Insurance activities
For insurance contracts, claims provisions (comprising provisions for claims reported by policyholders and claims incurred but not
reported) are established to cover the ultimate cost of settling the liabilities in respect of claims that have occurred and are estimated
based on known facts at the reporting date. Outstanding claims provisions are discounted for the time value of money.
2015 2014
£000 £000
Insurance claims
Gross claims
Claims paid (20,630) (16,982)
Change in provisions for claims (48,009) 3,141
Total gross claims (68,639) (13,841)
Claims recoverable from reinsurers
Claims recovered from reinsurers 20,630 16,981
Change in reinsurance contract assets 48,009 (2,621)
Total claims recoverable from reinsurers 68,639 14,360
Centrewrite Limited
Centrewrite Limited’s principal activities in 2015 were to reinsure individual members of Lloyd’s participations on syndicates for
underwriting years of account which have not been closed and to provide reinsurance to close to syndicates with no successor
syndicate. Centrewrite Limited ceased to offer Lloyd’s Members’ Estate Protection Plan in 2012.
Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited
Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary undertaking of the Society of Lloyd’s. The company’s principal
activity during 2015 was the reinsurance of non-life business in the China insurance market and direct non-life insurance in the Shanghai
municipality. Lloyd’s syndicates participate in LICCL’s business by means of retrocession agreements which allow a 100% risk transfer.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 169
Insurance contract liabilities for Centrewrite Limited and Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited may be analysed as follows:
2015 2015 2014 2014
Insurance Reinsurer’s Insurance Reinsurer’s
contract share of 2015 contract share of 2014
liabilities liabilities Net liabilities liabilities Net
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Provision for claims reported 34,889 (34,889) – 14,838 (14,838) –
Provision for IBNR claims 43,865 (43,838) 27 15,768 (15,741) 27
78,754 (78,727) 27 30,606 (30,579) 27
Unearned premiums 30,821 (30,821) – 13,365 (13,365) –
Insurance contract liabilities 109,575 (109,548) 27 43,971 (43,944) 27
The increased balances flow from additional business written through the LICCL platform and reflects LICCL exposure to the Tianjin
explosion in August 2015.
The movement in provision for insurance claims for Centrewrite Limited and Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited can be
analysed as follows:
2015 2015 2014 2014
Insurance Reinsurer’s Insurance Reinsurer’s
contract share of 2015 contract share of 2014
liabilities liabilities Net liabilities liabilities Net
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
At 1 January 30,606 (30,579) 27 31,617 (31,070) 547
Claims incurred/(released) 68,639 (68,639) – 13,841 (14,360) (519)
Claims paid (see below) (20,630) 20,630 – (16,982) 16,981 (1)
Effect of exchange rates 139 (139) – 2,130 (2,130) –
At 31 December 78,754 (78,727) 27 30,606 (30,579) 27
Claims incurred consist of claims and claims handling expenses paid during the year, together with the movement in outstanding
claims. Full provision is made, on the basis of available information, for the estimated ultimate cost of claims notified but not settled as
at the date of the statement of financial position, after taking into account handling costs and settlement trends. A provision for claims
incurred but not notified is also established as at that date on a statistical basis. The provision also reflects claims settlement expenses
and anticipated reinsurance and other recoveries. The provision for outstanding claims is based on information available at the reporting
date. Subsequent information and events may result in the ultimate liability being less than, or greater than, the amount provided.
Any differences between the provision and subsequent settlements are dealt with in the Group income statements of later years.
Claims development table
The table below shows the development of claims over a period of time on a gross basis for Centrewrite Limited and Lloyd’s Insurance
Company (China) Limited. The claims development table shows the cumulative incurred claims, including both notified and IBNR claims
for each successive year, together with cumulative claims at the current reporting date.
2011 and
prior 2012 2013 2014 2015 Total
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
At end of underwriting year 105,052 13,097 24,913 17,711 65,164
One year later 105,439 13,675 24,210 21,955
Two years later 93,241 11,999 25,213
Three years later 91,898 12,148
Four years later 84,300
Current estimate of cumulative claims 84,300 12,148 25,213 21,955 65,164
Cumulative payments to date (82,306) (10,192) (19,791) (12,454) (5,283)
Insurance contract liabilities 1,994 1,956 5,422 9,501 59,881 78,754
Due to continuing decline of insurance activities for Centrewrite Limited and the fully reinsured liabilities of LICCL, the Society has not
prepared claims development over a period of time on a net basis.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 170
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
14. Loans recoverable
2015 2014
£000 £000
At 1 January 46,439 43,499
Recoveries during the year (2,945) (2,403)
Fair value movements recognised during the year 1,083 5,343
At 31 December 44,577 46,439
The Society’s loans recoverable are categorised as fair value Level 3 for disclosure purposes (refer to Note 22). All fair value
movements are recognised as finance income or finance costs in the Group income statement and relate solely to the revaluation
of hardship and LFAA assets.
15. Financial investments
2015 2014
Note £000 £000
Statutory insurance deposits 15A 445,901 477,494
Other investments 15B 2,657,659 2,494,897
Total financial investments 3,103,560 2,972,391
A. Statutory insurance deposits
2015 2015 2015
Securities Deposits Total
£000 £000 £000
Market value at 1 January 225,296 252,198 477,494
Additions at cost 292,010 580,685 872,695
Disposal proceeds (508,822) (414,297) (923,119)
Surplus on the sale and revaluation of investments 3,033 15,798 18,831
Market value at 31 December 11,517 434,384 445,901
2014 2014 2014
Securities Deposits Total
£000 £000 £000
Market value at 1 January 262,423 264,917 527,340
Additions at cost 874,160 233,244 1,107,404
Disposal proceeds (899,745) (251,594) (1,151,339)
(Deficit)/surplus on the sale and revaluation of investments (11,542) 5,631 (5,911)
Market value at 31 December 225,296 252,198 477,494
2015 2015 2014 2014
Cost Valuation Cost Valuation
£000 £000 £000 £000
Analysis of government securities at year end 11,202 11,517 228,887 225,296
Finance is arranged by advances from syndicates in the Lloyd’s market. These advances are renewed annually. By agreement with the
lenders, investment returns earned on these assets are paid, in appropriate proportions, to the lenders. In this way, the Society avoids
any risk arising from a mismatch between borrowing and lending terms. Book cost is stated at historical exchange rates; market value
is quoted at year end exchange rates.
The provision of funds by members in respect of the establishment and maintenance of overseas deposits is a condition of permission
to underwrite insurance business at Lloyd’s.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 171
B. Other investments
2015 2015
Corporation Central 2015
of Lloyd’s Fund Total
£000 £000 £000
Market value at 1 January 137,437 2,357,460 2,494,897
Additions at cost – 1,781,531 1,781,531
Increase in short-term deposits 98,478 17,996 116,474
Disposal proceeds – (1,719,939) (1,719,939)
Deficit on the sale and revaluation of investments – (15,304) (15,304)
Market value at 31 December 235,915 2,421,744 2,657,659
Analysis of securities at year end
Listed securities
Fixed interest
Government – 829,860 829,860
Corporate securities – 704,864 704,864
Emerging markets – 62,198 62,198
High yield – 49,179 49,179
Total fixed interest – 1,646,101 1,646,101
Global equities – 495,577 495,577
Total listed securities – 2,141,678 2,141,678
Unlisted securities
Hedge funds – 141,086 141,086
Commodities – – –
Loan investments – 78,764 78,764
Short-term deposits 235,915 40,216 276,131
Security deposits (see below) – 20,000 20,000
Total unlisted securities 235,915 280,066 515,981
Market value 235,915 2,421,744 2,657,659
Analysis of securities
AAA 59,035 365,675 424,710
AA 80,494 777,502 857,996
A 96,386 257,421 353,807
BBB – 384,428 384,428
Other – 636,718 636,718
Total securities 235,915 2,421,744 2,657,659
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 172
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
15. Financial investments continued
B. Other investments continued
2014 2014
Corporation Central 2014
of Lloyd’s Fund Total
£000 £000 £000
Market value at 1 January 108,710 2,156,948 2,265,658
Additions at cost 6,580 2,110,002 2,116,582
Increase in short-term deposits 94,296 2,702 96,998
Disposal proceeds (71,927) (1,989,304) (2,061,231)
(Deficit)/surplus on the sale and revaluation of investments (222) 77,112 76,890
Market value at 31 December 137,437 2,357,460 2,494,897
Analysis of securities at year end
Listed securities
Fixed interest
Government – 806,012 806,012
Corporate securities – 679,839 679,839
Emerging markets – 68,859 68,859
High yield – 49,192 49,192
Total fixed interest – 1,603,902 1,603,902
Global equities – 499,403 499,403
Total listed securities – 2,103,305 2,103,305
Unlisted securities
Hedge funds – 134,855 134,855
Commodities – – –
Loan investments – 77,080 77,080
Short-term deposits 137,437 22,220 159,657
Security deposits (see below) – 20,000 20,000
Total unlisted securities 137,437 254,155 391,592
Market value 137,437 2,357,460 2,494,897
Analysis of securities
AAA 78,083 471,244 549,327
AA 37,948 737,580 775,528
A 21,406 276,064 297,470
BBB – 238,016 238,016
Other – 634,556 634,556
Total securities 137,437 2,357,460 2,494,897
Security deposits
Tutelle Limited
In 1996 the Council set aside, under a Lloyd’s special account, £20m of the ‘Old’ Central Fund to secure the Society’s obligations
under staff indemnities and certain indemnities which have been given by Lloyd’s to certain individuals and advisers in respect of
the ‘Reconstruction and Renewal’ plan. These include members of the Reserve Group, directors and officers of Equitas, members
of the Council, Lloyd’s Regulatory Board, Lloyd’s Market Board (the latter two boards ceased during 2002) and of their respective
sub-committees and Corporation staff.
Unless and until there is any default under the security documentation, interest earned on the trust fund is paid to the ‘Old’ Central
Fund. The security was deposited for an initial period of two years and the Council exercised its discretion to renew this in June 1998.
The Council further amended the period of the deposit, in November 1998, so that the security could only be released if the Council
was satisfied that there was no reasonable prospect of a claim being made under these indemnities. Tutelle’s position is under biennial
review and, having been reviewed in July 2014, will be reviewed again in July 2016. The security may continue for a period of up to
80 years. Any of the funds remaining after this period will be repaid to the ‘Old’ Central Fund.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 173
16. Cash and cash equivalents
2015 2014
£000 £000
Cash at banks 113,561 83,406
Short-term deposits 61,853 178,181
Total cash and cash equivalents 175,414 261,587
Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short-term deposits are made for varying periods of
between one day and three months, depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Society, and earn interest at the respective
short-term deposit rates. The fair value of cash and cash equivalents is £175.4m (2014: £261.6m).
17. Subordinated notes and perpetual subordinated capital securities
2015 2014
£000 £000
Details of loans payable wholly or partly after more than five years:
6.875% subordinated notes redeemed on 17 November 2015 (Sterling 2004 Notes) – 4,545
4.750% subordinated notes of £500m maturing 30 October 2024 (Sterling 2014 Notes) 500,000 500,000
7.421% perpetual subordinated capital securities of £392m redeemable on 21 June 2017 392,013 392,013
892,013 896,558
Less issue costs to be charged in future years (6,510) (7,160)
Less discount on issue to be unwound in future years (3,413) (3,915)
Total 882,090 885,483
Subordinated notes
The Sterling 2004 Notes were due to mature on 17 November 2025, although the Society took the option to redeem them on
17 November 2015.
During 2014, the Society of Lloyd’s repurchased £148,696,000 of its Sterling 2004 subordinated notes at a cost of £157,625,000.
The Society additionally paid accrued interest on the purchased securities. The loss on the repurchase was £8,929,000.
The Euro 2004 Notes were redeemed on 17 November 2014.
The Sterling 2014 Notes issued on 30 October 2014 mature on 30 October 2024 and bear interest at a rate of 4.75% per annum,
payable annually in arrears on 30 October in each year.
The Notes are subordinated obligations of the Society. Each tranche of the Notes will rank pari passu with the other in a winding-up
of the Society. Upon the occurrence of any winding-up proceedings of the Society, payments on the Notes will be subordinated in right
of payment to the prior payment in full of all other liabilities of the Society, except for liabilities which rank equally with or junior to the
Notes. Payments on the Notes will also be subordinated to certain payments which may be made out of central assets including payments
made to discharge the liabilities of an insolvent member to any person (including any policyholders) arising out of, or in connection with,
insurance business carried on at Lloyd’s by that insolvent member and payments made in respect of the costs required by or under any
insolvency procedure to which the Society or the Lloyd’s market may be subject. However, in the event of a winding-up of the Society,
the claims of the holders of the Notes rank senior to the distribution of any central assets to members of Lloyd’s generally (other than
payments made to members in their capacity as senior creditors of the Society).
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 174
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
17. Subordinated notes and perpetual subordinated capital securities continued
Subordinated debt issued in 2007
The perpetual subordinated capital securities (‘capital securities’) are perpetual securities and have no fixed redemption date.
However, they are redeemable in whole on 21 June 2017 at the option of the Society or on any interest payment date thereafter
provided certain conditions have been met by the Society. The capital securities bear interest at a rate of 7.421% per annum until
20 June 2017, payable annually in arrears on 21 June in each year, and thereafter at a rate per annum reset semi-annually of 2.41% per
annum above the London interbank offered rate for six-month sterling deposits, payable semi-annually in arrears on the interest payment
dates falling on 21 June and 21 December in each year.
The capital securities are subordinated obligations of the Society. Upon the occurrence of any winding-up proceedings of the Society,
the claims of the holders of the capital securities will rank junior to all other claims of creditors of the Society (including any creditor
who is the holder of any of the Sterling Notes issued by the Society in 2004) except for those creditors having claims which rank
equally with or junior to the claims of the holders of the capital securities. The claims of the holders of the capital securities will also
rank junior to any payments made to discharge the liabilities of a member in connection with insurance business carried on at Lloyd’s by
that member and also to the claims of any person in respect of whom a New Central Fund undertaking has been made. However, in the
event of a winding-up of the Society, the claims of the holders of the capital securities rank senior to the distribution of any central
assets to members of Lloyd’s generally (other than payments made to members in their capacity as senior creditors of the Society).
18. Pension schemes
Lloyd’s operates a number of defined benefit and defined contribution pension schemes. The principal scheme is the Lloyd’s Pension
Scheme which is a defined benefit scheme. Other schemes have been established for certain employees based overseas.
These schemes are generally funded by the payment of contributions to separately administered funds.
Defined benefit and contribution plans
The pension deficits of the schemes at 31 December 2015 are as follows:
2015 2014
£000 £000
Schemes in deficit
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme (93,050) (83,723)
Overseas pension schemes (2,484) (2,322)
Total schemes deficit (95,534) (86,045)
The amounts charged to the Group income statement and Group statement of comprehensive income, in respect of defined benefit
plans and defined contribution plans, are as follows:
2015 2014
£000 £000
Group income statement
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme 12,364 9,274
Overseas pension schemes 1,513 1,224
Other pension contributions 1,042 521
Total 14,919 11,019
Group statement of comprehensive income
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme 2,025 47,284
Overseas pension schemes 42 780
Total 2,067 48,064
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 175
The Lloyd’s Pension Scheme
The Lloyd’s Pension Scheme is a defined benefit pension scheme with assets held in a separately administered fund. The Scheme
provides pensions to members on retirement, as well as benefits on the death of members. The Scheme operates in accordance with
the Scheme’s Trust Deed and Rules and relevant legislation. A Board of Trustees manage and administer the Scheme; they are
primarily responsible for ensuring that members are paid the correct benefits at the correct time, and that there are sufficient Scheme
assets to pay benefits as they fall due.
The Scheme was originally set up as a final salary pension scheme (i.e. benefits for employed members were linked to their latest
salary), a normal retirement age of 60 and an enhanced benefit section for senior managers. In recent years, in order to mitigate
exposure to pension scheme liabilities, several changes have been made to the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme.
– In February 2005, the senior management section of the Scheme was closed to new entrants and the Normal Retirement Age (NRA)
for all new joiners was increased from 60 to 65.
– The final salary scheme was closed to new joiners at the end of June 2006. New entrants from July 2006 were eligible to join the
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme but accrue benefits on a career average basis (where benefits are based on their average salary rather than
final salary).
– In April 2013, Lloyd’s made some further changes to its pension arrangements. The career average (i.e. CARE) section of the scheme
was closed to new joiners from April 2013, and to existing hires from June 2013 (existing employed members of each section continue
to accrue benefits). After these dates, employees are eligible to join the Lloyd’s Group Personal Pension Plan which is administered by
Aviva. The amount charged to the Group income statement in respect of Lloyd’s Group Personal Pension Plan is £1.0m (2014: £0.5m).
Scheme contributions and funding valuation
UK legislation requires the funding position of the Scheme to be assessed at least every three years by an independent qualified
actuary. Contributions are paid to provide for the cost of benefit accrual and to meet any funding deficit. Any funding deficit or surplus
is typically amortised over a period. Contributions are made at the funding rates and assumptions recommended by the actuary, and
agreed between the Trustees and Lloyd’s.
The last completed formal actuarial valuation of the Scheme was carried out by Willis Towers Watson, actuaries and consultants, as at
30 June 2013 using the projected unit credit method. The total market value of the Scheme’s assets at the date of the 2013 valuation
was £568m, and the total value of accrued liabilities was £559m showing a surplus of £9m. These figures exclude both liabilities and
the related assets in respect of money purchase AVCs.
Employee contributions of 5% of pensionable earnings (or 10% of pensionable earnings for members of the senior management
section) have been introduced from July 2006. Normally, instead of making an employee contribution, employees make a salary
sacrifice of the appropriate percentage of their salary and Lloyd’s makes an additional employer contribution of the same amount.
Following the 2013 actuarial valuation, employer contributions to meet the cost of future accrual as a percentage of salaries are 24.8%
for final salary members with an NRA of 60, 15.4% for final salary members with an NRA of 65 and 8.8% for members accruing benefits
on a career average basis.
Members of the Lloyd’s Group Personal Pension Plan can elect their contribution rate (payable via salary sacrifice) and can change this
at any time.
The contribution structure is:
Employee Lloyd’s Total
3% 5% 8%
4% 6% 10%
5% 7% 12%
6% 8% 14%
Lloyd’s contribution is capped at 8% of salary, although individuals can elect a higher amount than 6% should they wish.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 176
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
18. Pension schemes continued
Discretionary pension increases – treatment for funding purposes
There are no guaranteed increases in payment for pensions accrued before 6 April 1997. In 2003, Lloyd’s instructed Willis Towers
Watson not to allow for such increases in calculating the Scheme’s liabilities for future actuarial funding valuations. Such increases
have always been payable at the discretion of Lloyd’s and will continue to be considered on the basis of affordability, but are not taken
into account by the actuary in determining the funding level.
Information about the risks of the Scheme to Lloyd’s
The ultimate cost of the Scheme to Lloyd’s will depend upon actual future events rather than the assumptions made. Many of the
assumptions made are unlikely to be borne out in practice and as such the cost of the Scheme may be higher (or lower) than disclosed.
In general, the risk to Lloyd’s is that the assumptions underlying the disclosures, or the calculation of contribution requirements, are not
borne out in practice and the cost to Lloyd’s is higher than expected. This could result in higher contributions required from Lloyd’s and
a higher deficit disclosed. This may also impact Lloyd’s ability to grant discretionary benefits or other enhancements to members. More
specifically, the assumptions not being borne out in practice could include:
– The return on the Scheme’s assets being lower than assumed, resulting in an unaffordable increase in the required contribution
from Lloyd’s;
– Falls in asset values (particularly equities) not being matched by similar falls in the value of liabilities;
– A decrease in corporate bond yields will increase the Scheme’s liabilities, although this will be partially offset by an increase in the
value of the Scheme’s bond assets;
– The majority of the Scheme’s assets are linked to inflation, and higher inflation will lead to higher liabilities; and
– Unanticipated future changes in mortality patterns leading to an increase in the life expectancy for members, resulting in higher
liabilities. Future mortality rates cannot be predicted with certainty.
The Scheme’s investment strategy
The Scheme’s current target investment strategy is to invest broadly 50% in return-seeking assets (equities, property and infrastructure)
and 50% in matching assets (index-linked gilts and corporate bonds). This strategy reflects the Scheme’s liability profile and the
Trustees’ and Lloyd’s attitude to risk. As the Scheme matures, the Trustees and Lloyd’s expect to gradually reduce the proportion allocated
to return-seeking assets and increase the proportion allocated to matching assets.
The current allocation is around 60% return-seeking assets and 40% bonds. The Trustees are aiming to move 10% of the assets into
bonds to better match the funding liabilities in the future.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 177
Principal actuarial assumptions in respect of IAS 19
The demographic assumptions which are the most financially significant are those relating to the life expectancy of retired members.
The life expectancy assumptions for the purposes of the IAS 19 valuation as at 31 December 2015 are as applied in the actuarial
funding valuation as at 30 June 2013. These are 110% of SAPs light tables for males and females, with allowance for future
improvements in line with CMI 2012 core projections with 1.5% per annum trend improvement.
These assumptions are equivalent to expected longevity at age 60 approximately as follows:
– For pensioners currently aged 60: ranging from 29 years to 30 years (2014: 29 years to 30 years); and
– For non-pensioners currently aged 45: ranging from 30 years to 32 years (2014: 30 years to 32 years).
The other major financial assumptions used by the actuary as at 31 December 2015 for the purposes of IAS 19 were:
2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
% per annum % per annum % per annum % per annum % per annum
General salary and wage inflation 4.2% 4.1% 4.4% 4.0% 4.1%
Rate of increase in pensions in payment
Pre 6 April 1997 (in excess of GMPs) – – – – –
6 April 1997 to 5 April 2005 3.1% 3.0% 3.2% 3.0% 3.1%
Post 5 April 2005 2.2% 2.2% 2.3% 2.5% 2.5%
Increases to final salary deferred pensions
Benefits accrued before April 2009 2.2% 2.1% 2.4% 2.2% 2.1%
Benefits accrued from April 2009 2.2% 2.1% 2.4% 2.2% 2.1%
CARE revaluation in service and in deferment,
and increase in payment 2.2% 2.2% 2.3% 2.2% 2.1%
Discount rate 3.8% 3.7% 4.4% 4.5% 4.9%
Price inflation
Retail Price Inflation (RPI) 3.2% 3.1% 3.4% 3.0% 3.1%
Consumer Price Inflation (CPI) 2.2% 2.1% 2.4% 2.2% 2.1%
An allowance is made for members commuting 20% (2014: 20%) of their pension on retirement using the factors in use at the
respective date.
For IAS 19 purposes, Lloyd’s recognises the cost of discretionary increases to pre 6 April 1997 benefits in payment when there is a
constructive liability to make such increases. Lloyd’s provided £10.0m in 2007 and a further £20.0m in 2011 to meet the expected cost
of future discretionary increases. This amount has been notionally segregated from the Scheme’s other assets (the ‘notional fund’)
and its investment performance will be tracked on the assumption that it is invested in the same way as the Scheme’s other assets.
The notional fund will be used to facilitate the award of future discretionary pension increases when Lloyd’s carries out its annual
review of pensions in accordance with the Scheme’s Definitive Trust Deed. As long as there is a notional fund set aside for this purpose,
discretionary increases will continue to be made. As at 31 December 2015 the value of the notional fund was £27.2m (2014: £28.9m).
Sensitivity of pension obligation to changes in assumptions
The actuarial valuation of liabilities under IAS 19 is particularly sensitive to changes in market conditions.
A change of 1% per annum in the discount rate as at 31 December 2015 would result in a change to the pension liabilities at that date
of around 20%, or approximately £150m.
A change of 1% per annum in the assumption for future inflation (both RPI and CPI) as at 31 December 2015, which would change future
expectations of salary increases, pension increases and deferred revaluation, would result in a change to the pension liabilities at that
date of around 10%, or approximately £75m.
A change in the mortality assumptions could have a significant impact on the pension liability. For instance, if members aged 60 were
instead expected to live for one year longer, with all other members’ life expectancies increasing by a proportionate amount, then the
liability as at 31 December 2015 would be 2% higher.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 178
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
18. Pension schemes continued
Amounts for the current and previous years were:
2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
Fair value Fair value Fair value Fair value Fair value
Asset/(liability) analysis of the Scheme £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Bonds
Corporate bonds 126,893 131,291 89,233 93,573 87,700
Index-linked gilts 123,489 127,716 88,038 90,948 93,593
Equities
UK equities 56,009 57,501 67,997 56,459 52,014
Overseas (excluding UK) equities 258,274 254,531 287,648 234,198 199,884
Property 85,493 76,661 65,088 61,277 57,911
Infrastructure 11,251 12,090 9,850 8,748 8,644
Cash and net current assets 13,300 19,803 25,633 32,184 38,727
Total market value of assets 674,709 679,593 633,487 577,387 538,473
Actuarial value of Scheme liabilities (767,759) (763,316) (665,904) (620,621) (562,152)
Deficit in the Scheme (93,050) (83,723) (32,417) (43,234) (23,679)
Irrecoverable surplus (effect of asset ceiling) – – – – –
Net defined benefit liability (93,050) (83,723) (32,417) (43,234) (23,679)
All of the Scheme’s assets are quoted in an active market. The Scheme is not currently invested in any of Lloyd’s assets.
Approximately 97% of the Scheme’s liabilities relate to final salary members and 3% relates to CARE members.
Changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligations are:
2015 2014
£000 £000
Actuarial value of Scheme liabilities at 1 January 763,316 665,904
Interest cost on Pension Scheme liabilities 27,814 28,849
Current service cost (net of employee contributions) 9,398 8,013
Employee contributions 2,073 2,258
Benefits paid (23,832) (21,574)
Experience (gains)/losses arising in Scheme liabilities (3,112) 767
Change in assumptions underlying the present value of the Scheme liabilities
Demographic assumption change – –
Financial assumption change (7,898) 79,099
Actuarial value of Scheme liabilities at 31 December 767,759 763,316
Changes in fair value of plan assets were:
2015 2014
£000 £000
Fair value of Scheme assets at 1 January 679,593 633,487
Expected return on Pension Scheme assets 24,848 27,588
Employer contributions
Normal 5,062 5,252
Special – –
Employee contributions 2,073 2,258
Benefits paid (23,170) (20,504)
Actuarial (loss)/gain on Scheme assets (13,035) 32,582
Administrative expenses (662) (1,070)
Fair value of Scheme assets at 31 December 674,709 679,593
Lloyd’s expects to contribute approximately £4.9m in normal contributions to the pension scheme in 2016.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 179
Analysis of the amount recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income
2015 2014
£000 £000
Experience gains/(losses) arising on Scheme liabilities 3,112 (767)
Changes in the assumptions underlying the present value of the Scheme liabilities
Demographic assumption change – –
Financial assumption change 7,898 (79,099)
Actuarial gain/(loss) arising during period 11,010 (79,866)
Return on Fund assets (less)/greater than discount rate (13,035) 32,582
Change in irrecoverable surplus – –
Remeasurement effects recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income (2,025) (47,284)
Analysis of the amount charged to the Group income statement (recognised in other Group operating expenses)
2015 2014
£000 £000
Current service cost 9,398 8,013
Net interest on net defined benefit liability 2,966 1,261
Total operating charge 12,364 9,274
Approximately 64% of the service cost for 2015 relates to final salary members and 36% relates to CARE members.
Maturity profile of Defined Benefit Obligation
The Scheme is maturing over time with 32% of the members in the Scheme at 30 June 2015 being retired members – the approximate
duration of the Scheme’s liabilities is around 20 years. The expected benefit payments from the Scheme over the next few years is
as follows:
£m
Expected benefit payments during year ending 31-Dec-16 21.7
Expected benefit payments during year ending 31-Dec-17 22.4
Expected benefit payments during year ending 31-Dec-18 23.1
Expected benefit payments during year ending 31-Dec-19 24.1
Expected benefit payments during year ending 31-Dec-20 25.3
Expected benefit payments during period 01-Jan-21 to 31-Dec-25 146.2
Expected benefit payments during period 01-Jan-26 to 31-Dec-30 182.3
Expected benefit payments from 01-Jan-31 onward 1,369.6
Overseas pension schemes
Lloyd’s operates a number of defined benefit schemes for qualifying employees based overseas. The actuarial valuations of these
pension schemes at 31 December 2015 resulted in a deficit of £2.5m (2014: £2.3m).
31 December 31 December
2015 2014
Development of net balance sheet position £000 £000
Value of assets 1,919 1,950
Actuarial value of scheme liabilities (4,403) (4,272)
Deficit in the scheme (2,484) (2,322)
Net defined benefit liability (2,484) (2,322)
The total expense recognised in other operating expenses of £0.1m (2014: £0.1m) represents the related current service cost of these
schemes. An actuarial loss of £42,000 has been recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income (2014: loss of £0.8m).
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 180
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
18. Pension schemes continued
Defined contribution plans
Lloyd’s operates a number of defined contribution retirement benefit schemes for qualifying employees based overseas. The assets of
the schemes are held separately from those of Lloyd’s in funds under the control of the trustees.
In some countries, employees are members of state-managed retirement benefit schemes. Lloyd’s is required to contribute a specified
percentage of payroll costs to fund these benefits. The only obligation of Lloyd’s with respect to the retirement benefit scheme is to
make the specified contributions.
The total expense recognised in the Group income statement of £0.5m (2014: £0.5m) represents contributions payable to these
schemes by Lloyd’s at rates specified in the rules of these schemes.
19. Provisions
2015
Undertakings 2015 2015 2015
given to Income Lloyd’s Service 2015
insolvent Assistance Performance Benefit Lease Cost 2015 2015
members Scheme Plan Provision Provision Run off Total
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Balance at 1 January 5,859 3,055 9,441 – 15,250 425 34,030
Charged in the year – – 5,917 13 3,191 162 9,283
Utilised in the year – (357) (7,503) – (5,804) (64) (13,728)
Balance at 31 December 5,859 2,698 7,855 13 12,637 523 29,585
2014
Undertakings 2014 2014 2014
given to Income Lloyd’s Service 2014
insolvent Assistance Performance Benefit Lease Cost 2014 2014
members Scheme Plan Provision Provision Run off Total
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Balance at 1 January 10,859 3,468 9,154 – 17,166 – 40,647
Charged in the year 800 – 7,579 – 2,683 520 11,582
Utilised in the year (5,800) (413) (7,292) – (4,599) (95) (18,199)
Balance at 31 December 5,859 3,055 9,441 – 15,250 425 34,030
Provision for undertakings given to insolvent members
The Council has given undertakings with financial limits to certain corporate members to use the New Central Fund to discharge the
liability of those members where they have unpaid cash calls and do not have the resources to meet those cash calls.
The purpose of these undertakings is primarily to allow valid claims made on policies underwritten by those insolvent members to
continue to be paid in full. For those corporate members in provisional liquidation, the Council has also provided a supporting
commitment, which will ensure that in no circumstance will an insurance creditor receive less than the amount it would have received
in a winding-up commencing on the date of the provisional liquidation.
2015 2015 2014 2014
Note £000 £000 £000 £000
Provisions for amounts payable at 1 January 5,859 10,859
Undertakings granted in the year 4 – 800
Analysis of paid undertakings by member
Ebury Underwriting Limited – (2,800)
Hermanus Underwriting Limited – (3,000)
Paid during the year – (5,800)
Undertakings given to insolvent members at 31 December 5,859 5,859
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 181
Income support schemes
The Income Assistance Scheme was effective from 1 January 2010 and replaced both the Hardship Income Top-up Scheme and the
Income and Housing Support Scheme. The Income Assistance Scheme is permanent and replaces the discretionary nature of the
previous schemes and guarantees ongoing payment of income assistance to eligible members of the previous schemes until the full
undertaking has been utilised, other than in the event that Lloyd’s faces severe financial stress.
Lloyd’s Performance Plan (LPP)
The Society introduced a performance plan for all employees, effective from 1 January 2008 that is related to the results of the Lloyd’s
market. Details of the plan are outlined in the report of the Remuneration Committee on pages 123-125. Included within the charge for
the year and provision utilised are National Insurance contributions of £0.8m (2014: £1.1m).
Service Benefit Provision
This is in relation to end of service benefits for contracted employees of Lloyd’s Limited in Dubai. It represents the full amount due
to employees for their periods of service up to the reporting date in accordance with the UAE (United Arab Emirates) Labour Law.
The entitlement to end of service benefits is based upon the employees’ salary and length of service, subject to the completion of
a minimum service period as specified by applicable regulations. The expected costs of these benefits are accrued over the period
of employment.
Lease cost provision
The lease cost provision represents the Society’s obligations in respect to the contractual capital expenditure and dilapidation cost
under fully repairing leases.
Run-off provision
The run-off provision is in relation to Centrewrite Limited and represents costs associated with running-off the business and obligations
that have been incurred which are recognised to the extent they are not expected to be recovered by future profits or investment
income of the operation. This was previously presented as part of insurance technical provisions.
20. Trade and other payables
2015 2014
£000 £000
Due within one year
Trade and other creditors 53,125 63,368
Insurance and reinsurance payables 85,721 45,891
Members’ subscriptions and contributions repayable 47,325 51,906
Taxation and social security 2,706 2,198
Arbitration awards 1,774 1,988
Interest payable on subordinated loan notes 19,520 19,640
Total trade and other payables 210,171 184,991
21. Trade and other receivables due within one year
2015 2014
£000 £000
Due within one year
Trade (net of allowance for impairment) 8,149 5,175
Insurance and reinsurance receivables 31,559 15,903
Interest receivable 17,631 14,478
Taxation and social security 1,806 1,368
Overseas office deposits 3,372 3,135
Amounts due from underwriters 8,501 2,595
Other receivables 9,972 10,224
Total trade and other receivables 80,990 52,878
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 182
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
22. Financial instruments
Explanations of the Society’s financial instrument risk management objectives, policies and strategies are set out in the discussion
of the Society’s financial risk management and treasury policies on pages 135-136 of the Financial Review.
Fair values and credit risk
The methods and assumptions used in estimating the fair value of financial instruments are detailed in note 2F on pages 150-151.
The fair value (based on the quoted offer prices) of subordinated debt is £948.4m (2014: £970.0m) against a carrying value measured
at amortised cost of £882.1m (2014: £885.5m). All other financial instruments are either held at fair value or at an amount that
approximates fair value.
At the reporting date there were no significant concentrations of credit risk. The maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by the
carrying value of each financial asset, including derivative financial instruments, in the Group statement of financial position. Exposures
under guarantees entered into by the Society are detailed in note 27.
Impairment losses
Trade receivables
The ageing of trade receivables as at 31 December 2015 was as follows:
2015 2015 2015 2014 2014 2014
Gross Impairment Net Gross Impairment Net
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Not past due 2,032 – 2,032 5,150 – 5,150
Past due 31-120 days 5,312 – 5,312 6 – 6
More than 120 days 829 (24) 805 114 (95) 19
Total 8,173 (24) 8,149 5,270 (95) 5,175
The Society’s normal credit terms are 30 days. Receivables of more than 120 days represent amounts due from members no longer
underwriting in respect of Society charges.
The movement in the allowance for impairment in respect of trade receivables during the year was as follows:
2015 2014
£000 £000
Balance at 1 January 95 322
Additional allowances during the year charged to the Group income statement 20 22
Allowances released during the year credited to the Group income statement (36) (88)
Recoveries during the year (55) (161)
Balance at 31 December 24 95
Sensitivity analysis
Foreign currency exposure
Currency risk is the risk that the sterling value of the Society’s assets and liabilities will fluctuate due to changes in foreign exchange
rates. The Society’s exposure to the risk of changes in the foreign exchange rates relates primarily to retranslating foreign currency
subordinated notes, revaluation of loans recoverable and changes in the fair value of foreign currency denominated investments and
forward contracts.
Debt securities sensitivities
The value of the Society’s investments in debt securities is affected by changes in the level of yields, as determined by the financial markets.
As at 31 December 2015, a consistent increase of 100 basis points in the yields applicable to all relevant securities would have reduced
the surplus before tax by approximately £33m (2014: £33m). This analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular foreign
currency exchange rates, remain constant. In practice, actual results may differ.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 183
Equity price risk
Equity price risk is the risk that the market values of equity investments fall. At 31 December 2015, a 15% fall in the value of all the
Society’s equity investments would have reduced the surplus before tax by approximately £76m (2014: £75m). This analysis assumes
that all other variables, in particular foreign currency exchange rates, remain constant. In practice, actual results may differ.
Foreign exchange risk
The majority of foreign exchange exposures arising from investments denominated in foreign currencies are managed via a foreign
exchange hedging programme. However, some net exposures to foreign currencies remain and the sterling value of the Society’s
investments may be impacted by movements in exchange rates relating to these exposures. At 31 December 2015, a 10% rise in the
value of sterling, against all other currencies, would have reduced the surplus before tax by £95m (2014: £24m). This analysis assumes
that all other variables remain constant. In practice, actual results may differ.
Liquidity risk
The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Society’s non-derivative financial liabilities as at 31 December 2015 based on
undiscounted contractual cash flows:
Carrying Contractual Within 1-2 2-5 More than 5
amount cash flows 1 year years years years
As at 31 December 2015 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Subordinated loan notes 493,600 (713,750) (23,750) (23,750) (71,250) (595,000)
Perpetual subordinated capital securities 388,490 (450,196) (29,091) (421,105) – –
Loans funding statutory insurance deposits 436,518 (436,518) (436,518) – – –
Trade and other payables 210,171 (210,171) (210,171) – – –
Total 1,528,779 (1,810,635) (699,530) (444,855) (71,250) (595,000)
Carrying Contractual Within 1-2 2-5 More than 5
amount cash flows 1 year years years years
As at 31 December 2014 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Subordinated loan notes 496,993 (742,357) (28,607) (23,750) (71,250) (618,750)
Perpetual subordinated capital securities 388,490 (479,287) (29,091) (29,091) (421,105) –
Loans funding statutory insurance deposits 472,136 (472,136) (472,136) – – –
Trade and other payables as restated 184,991 (184,991) (184,991) – – –
Total 1,542,610 (1,878,771) (714,825) (52,841) (492,355) (618,750)
The contractual cash flows have been based on the expectation, but not the obligation, that the subordinated notes and perpetual
subordinated capital securities are redeemed at the first option date.
Forward currency contracts are settled gross; notional amounts are a close proxy for gross cash flow amounts. Further details regarding
the subordinated notes and the perpetual subordinated capital securities can be found in note 17 on pages 173-174. Information
regarding financial guarantees, all of which could theoretically be called on within one year, can be found in note 27 on page 189.
Derivative financial instruments
The Society enters into forward currency contracts to manage exposures to fluctuation of exchange rates and to provide a service to
the Lloyd’s market. The Society’s derivative financial instruments are categorised as fair value Level 2 for disclosure purposes.
2015 2014
Analysis of forward currency contracts £000 £000
Outstanding forward foreign exchange gains 8,789 17,774
Outstanding forward foreign exchange losses (16,838) (21,461)
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 184
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
22. Financial instruments continued
Derivative financial instruments continued
The fair value and notional amounts of forward currency contracts, all of which mature within one year, are analysed as follows:
2015 Assets 2015 Liabilities
Fair value Notional Fair value Notional
As at 31 December 2015 £000 £000 £000 £000
Currency conversion service (CCS) 3,200 176,852 (3,416) (177,069)
Other forward foreign exchange contracts 5,029 538,304 (11,372) (544,647)
Interest rate swaps 560 123,673 (2,050) (123,673)
Total 8,789 838,829 (16,838) (845,389)
2014 Assets 2014 Liabilities
Fair value Notional Fair value Notional
As at 31 December 2014 £000 £000 £000 £000
Currency conversion service (CCS) 2,672 190,203 (3,069) (190,600)
Other forward foreign exchange contracts 12,292 1,196,063 (14,417) (1,198,188)
Interest rate swaps 2,810 56,804 (3,975) (56,804)
Total 17,774 1,443,070 (21,461) (1,445,592)
Fair value hierarchy
2015 2015 2015 2015
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Notes £000 £000 £000 £000
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Statutory insurance deposits
Listed securities – 3,355 – 3,355
Unlisted securities – 8,162 – 8,162
Deposits with credit institutions – 434,384 – 434,384
Total statutory insurance deposits 15A – 445,901 – 445,901
Other investments
Listed securities 941,237 704,864 – 1,646,101
Equity investments 495,578 – – 495,578
Unlisted securities – 219,849 – 219,849
Deposits with credit institutions 296,131 – – 296,131
Total other investments 15B 1,732,946 924,713 – 2,657,659
Derivative financial instruments
Currency conversion service – 3,200 – 3,200
Other forward foreign exchange contracts – 5,029 – 5,029
Interest rate swaps – 560 – 560
Total derivative financial instruments 22 – 8,789 – 8,789
Loans recoverable 14 – – 44,577 44,577
Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 1,732,946 1,379,403 44,577 3,156,926
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Derivative financial instruments
Currency conversion service – (3,416) – (3,416)
Other forward foreign exchange contracts – (11,372) – (11,372)
Interest rate swaps – (2,050) – (2,050)
Total derivative financial instruments 22 – (16,838) – (16,838)
Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss – (16,838) – (16,838)
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 185
Fair value hierarchy continued
2014 2014 2014 2014
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Notes £000 £000 £000 £000
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Statutory insurance deposits
Listed securities – 3,164 – 3,164
Unlisted securities – 222,132 – 222,132
Deposits with credit institutions – 252,198 – 252,198
Total statutory insurance deposits 15A – 477,494 – 477,494
Other investments
Listed securities 924,063 679,840 – 1,603,903
Equity investments 499,403 – – 499,403
Unlisted securities – 211,935 – 211,935
Deposits with credit institutions 179,656 – – 179,656
Total other investments 15B 1,603,122 891,775 – 2,494,897
Derivative financial instruments
Currency conversion service – 2,672 – 2,672
Other forward foreign exchange contracts – 12,292 – 12,292
Interest rate swaps – 2,810 – 2,810
Total derivative financial instruments 22 – 17,774 – 17,774
Loans recoverable 14 – – 46,439 46,439
Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 1,603,122 1,387,043 46,439 3,036,604
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Derivative financial instruments
Currency conversion service – (3,069) – (3,069)
Other forward foreign exchange contracts – (14,417) – (14,417)
Interest rate swaps – (3,975) – (3,975)
Total derivative financial instruments 22 – (21,461) – (21,461)
Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss – (21,461) – (21,461)
Level 1
Inputs to Level 1 fair values are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. An active market is one in which transactions for
the asset occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. Examples are listed debt
securities in active markets or listed equities in active markets or listed deposits held with credit institutions in active markets.
Level 2
Inputs to Level 2 fair values are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset, either directly
(i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices) and fair value is determined through the use of models or other valuation
methodologies. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar (i.e. not identical) assets in active markets, quoted prices for identical
or similar assets in markets that are not active or in which little information is released publicly, unlisted deposits held with credit
institutions in active markets, low volatility hedge funds where tradeable net asset values are published.
Level 3
Inputs to Level 3 fair values are inputs that are unobservable for the asset. Unobservable inputs have been used to measure fair value
where observable inputs are not available, allowing for situations where there is little or no market activity. Unobservable inputs reflect
assumptions that the Society considers that market participants would use in pricing the asset and have been based on a combination of
independent third party evidence and internally developed models.
The Society’s loans recoverable are categorised within Level 3 fair values for disclosure purposes (refer to note 14).
Recoverable Central Fund loans made to hardship members are managed on a fair value basis and relate solely to the revaluation
of hardship, LFAA and legal assets. Gains and losses arising from changes in the fair value are included in the Group income statement
in the period in which they arise. The revaluation process is carried out twice a year at both interim and year end.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 186
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
22. Financial instruments continued
Fair value hierarchy continued
Fair values are determined by reference to an estimate of the valuation of the underlying securities at the dates at which they may
be exercised and discounted back to present day values. The securities include both properties and hardship trust fund assets.
A security can normally only be exercised on the later of the date of death of the member or of their spouse. This date is assessed
using actuarial assumptions.
There have been no significant transfers between levels 1, 2 and 3 for the year ended 31 December 2015.
The fair value movements during the year are recognised as finance income or finance costs in the Group income statement.
Sensitivity analysis
Loans recoverable sensitivities
The value of loans recoverable is affected by changes in both property and hardship trust fund values. The property values are
determined by a valuation being carried out periodically together with applying Halifax price indices bi-annually to revalue the assets
at interim and year end. Inflationary increases are then applied to both property values and hardship trust funds until the estimated
exercised date and then discounted back to present day values. Inflationary increases are based on Management’s best estimate
taking current economic conditions into account.
As at 31 December 2015, a decrease of 100 basis points in the property values, comprising the greatest part of the total balance, would
have reduced the surplus before tax by approximately £0.1m (31 December 2014: £0.2m). This analysis assumes that all other variables,
including inflationary increases and discounted rates, remain the same.
23. Equity
Accumulated reserves
2015 2014
£000 £000
Attributable to:
Corporation of Lloyd’s 72,696 71,934
Central Fund 1,657,958 1,589,844
Associates 8,502 7,958
Total accumulated reserves 1,739,156 1,669,736
Revaluation reserve
The revaluation reserve is used to record increases in the fair value of the Lloyd’s Collection and decreases to the extent that such
decreases relate to the amount previously recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income.
Translation reserve
The translation reserve is used to record foreign exchange gains and losses recognised in other comprehensive income as a result of
translating the results and financial position of Group entities that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 187
24. Cash generated from operations
2015 2014
Notes £000 £000
Surplus before tax 87,187 109,038
Finance cost – deficit on subordinated note repurchase 17 – 8,929
Net finance cost/(income) 7 11,634 (44,603)
Unrealised exchange gains on borrowings – (6,864)
Share of profits of associates 12A (7,391) (7,577)
Operating surplus 91,430 58,923
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred 4 14 812
Operating surplus before Central Fund claims and provisions 91,444 59,735
Adjustments for:
Depreciation of plant and equipment 10 7,640 4,244
Amortisation of intangible assets 9 175 121
Losses on sale and revaluation of fixed assets 1,786 225
Gains/(losses) on investments 145 (6,111)
Unrealised (losses)/gains on translation of foreign operations (739) 6,202
Foreign exchange losses/(gains) on operating activities 745 (560)
Operating surplus before working capital changes and claims paid 101,196 63,856
Changes in pension obligations 7,422 4,009
(Increase)/decrease in receivables (68,433) 17,816
Increase in inventories (52) (24)
Increase in payables 95,672 33,835
Decrease in provisions other than for Central Fund claims (4,445) (1,629)
Cash generated from operations before claims paid 131,360 117,863
Claims paid in respect of corporate/insolvent members 19 (14) (5,800)
Cash generated from operations 131,346 112,063
25. Commitments
A. Capital expenditure commitments
Capital expenditure commitments contracted but not provided for in the financial statements totalled £0.9m (2014: £6.6m).
B. Operating lease commitments – Lloyd’s as lessee
2015 2014
£000 £000
Non-cancellable operating lease rentals are payable as follows
Within one year 33,074 30,955
After one year but not more than five years 100,616 92,977
More than five years 208,383 219,677
Commitments outstanding under the terms of the lease for the Lloyd’s 1986 building have been included at the current rental value
(£16.8m per annum) to the end of the lease term in 2031. The lease is subject to a rent review every fifth year, with the next review due
in 2016.
The Lloyd’s Chatham building is included at the current rental value (£0.4m per annum) to the end of the lease term in 2028. The lease
was subject to a 21 month rent free period which ended on 31 July 2015.
During the year ended 31 December 2014, the Society entered into new lease agreements for the Lloyd’s Datacentres in New Jersey
and Hong Kong. The leases expire in August 2019 and October 2019 respectively.
During the year ended 31 December 2015, the Society entered into a new lease for the Lloyd’s Datacentre in Singapore, the lease
expires in October 2020.
During the year ended 31 December 2015, the Society entered into a new lease agreement for Lloyd’s Limited in Dubai, the lease
expires in January 2018.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 188
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2015
25. Commitments continued
B. Operating lease commitments – Lloyd’s as lessee continued
Subsidiary undertakings are party to a number of small operating leases for property rental and small machinery. The commitments
outstanding have been included at current rental value to the first break in the lease. These arrangements do not impose any significant
restrictions on the Society.
During the year ended 31 December 2015, £24.7m (2014: £25.9m) was recognised as an expense in the Group income statement in
respect of operating leases.
C. Operating lease commitments – Lloyd’s as lessor
2015 2014
£000 £000
Non-cancellable operating lease rentals are receivable as follows
Within one year 7,228 5,776
After one year but not more than five years 22,570 3,033
More than five years – –
The three major tenants for the Lloyd’s 1986 building are included at the current rental value to the first break in the leases in 2016
and 2017.
Subsidiary undertakings are party to a number of small operating leases for property sub-rental. The lease rentals receivable have
been included at current rental value to the first break in the lease.
During the year ended 31 December 2015, the Society entered into a new lease agreement for Lloyd’s Limited in Dubai. This has
resulted in a number of additional sub-lease agreements being entered into between Lloyd’s Limited and various managing agents.
During the year ended 31 December 2015, £12.4m (2014: £11.7m) was recognised as income in the Group income statement in respect
of operating leases.
26. Disclosure of related party transactions
The Group financial statements include the financial statements of the Society and all of its subsidiary undertakings, the Lloyd’s Central
Fund and the Group’s interests in its associates and joint venture as listed in note 11.
Services provided to Ins-sure Holdings Limited Group in the year ended 31 December 2015 included operating systems support and
development, premises and other administrative services.
Services provided to Xchanging Claims Services Limited Group in the year ended 31 December 2015 included premises and other
administrative services.
Services provided to The Message Exchange Limited in the year ended 31 December 2015 included the provision of messaging
infrastructure.
The following table provides the total amount of transactions that have been entered into with related parties for the relevant financial
years together with information regarding the outstanding balances at 31 December 2015 and 2014.
Sales to Purchases from Amounts owed Amounts owed
related parties related parties by related parties to related parties
2015 2014 2015 2014 2015 2014 2015 2014
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Associates:
Ins-sure Holdings Limited 287 291 1,814 2,972 28 4 121 208
Xchanging Claims Services Limited 88 96 – – 6 3 – –
Joint venture:
The Message Exchange Limited – – 493 1,076 – 31 40 44
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 189
Transactions with associates and joint arrangements are priced on an arm’s length basis.
In the normal course of business, the Society may enter into transactions with Lloyd’s market businesses in which members of Council
and the Franchise Board may have an interest.
Details of the compensation paid to key management personnel including short-term employee benefits, post-employment benefits,
other long-term benefits and termination benefits are disclosed within the Report of the Remuneration Committee on pages 112-128.
27. Contingent liabilities
(a) General average guarantees have been given on behalf of, and secured by, Lloyd’s underwriters. It is estimated that the aggregate
of the liabilities attaching to these guarantees at 31 December 2015 amounted to £29.2m (31 December 2014: £24.9m).
(b) The Society has taken on the responsibilities of some individual members under hardship and other agreements.
In connection with the statutory transfer to Equitas Insurance Limited on 30 June 2009 of the non-life business underwritten
at Lloyd’s and allocated to 1992 or prior years of account, the Society has entered into undertakings for the benefit of certain
policyholders of Equitas Insurance Limited (former policyholders of PCW syndicates or of members who at the material time
still have the benefit of hardship or other agreements with the Society), under which the Society would meet any shortfall in
recoveries by such policyholders from Equitas Insurance Limited on the occurrence of an ‘Equitas Insolvency Event’.
The Society has also given an unlimited undertaking to its subsidiary undertaking Centrewrite Limited to meet any shortfall in
its cashflow or assets (including any shortfall arising from an insufficiency of recoveries from Equitas Reinsurance Limited under
its reinsurance of the obligations of Centrewrite to Equitas Insurance Limited).
(c) Uncollateralised bank guarantees and other arrangements have been entered into by the Society to provide security in connection
with the underwriting activities of the members of Lloyd’s in the countries shown:
2015 2014
£000 £000
Guarantees provided by the Society
USA: US$1,500,000 (2014: US$1,500,000) 1,018 962
The Society has also entered into other arrangements in connection with the rental of office space in overseas countries.
In respect of all contingent liabilities disclosed as at 31 December 2015, no provision has been made in the Society financial statements.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Society Report 190
Five Year Summary
As at 31 December 2015
2015 2014 2013 2012 2011
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Operating income 238,765 219,864 216,521 212,666 215,085
Central Fund contributions 106,922 101,971 105,953 104,959 94,693
Gross written premiums 104,413 53,040 39,218 29,910 512
Outward reinsurance premiums (104,409) (53,036) (39,211) (29,906) 11
Other Group income 4,810 13,632 3,111 2,395 6,598
Total income 350,501 335,471 325,592 320,024 316,899
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred (14) (812) (17,758) (26,447) (15,283)
Central Fund repayment to members – (48,995) – – –
Gross insurance claims (incurred)/released (68,639) (13,841) (20,326) (11,695) 22,717
Insurance claims recoverable from reinsurers 68,639 14,360 20,385 11,801 1,492
Other Group operating expenses
Employment (including pension costs) (125,381) (108,309) (102,487) (98,128) (116,415)
Premises (40,305) (42,226) (46,099) (40,660) (44,009)
Legal and professional (27,188) (20,734) (17,002) (14,070) (19,707)
Systems and communications (26,012) (23,563) (23,353) (22,826) (27,965)
Other (40,171) (32,428) (29,944) (29,992) (40,486)
Total other Group operating expenses (259,057) (227,260) (218,885) (205,676) (248,582)
Surplus before finance, associates and tax 91,430 58,923 89,008 88,007 77,243
Finance costs
Deficit on subordinated debt repurchase – (8,929) (15,162) – –
Interest payable on financial liabilities and other (54,362) (48,920) (55,642) (62,198) (64,370)
Finance income
Surplus on subordinated debt repurchase – – – – 4,248
Other 42,728 93,523 60,359 114,855 90,369
Realised/unrealised exchange gains/(losses) on borrowings – 6,864 (6,126) 6,107 5,428
Share of profits of associates 7,391 7,577 6,843 5,945 4,927
Surplus before tax 87,187 109,038 79,280 152,716 117,845
Tax charge (12,835) (17,543) (13,884) (33,880) (28,495)
Surplus for the year 74,352 91,495 65,396 118,836 89,350
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Managing Agents and Syndicates 191
Managing Agents and Syndicates
The table shows the key characteristics for managing agents and syndicates active as at 31 December 2015. In 2015, Lloyd’s wrote
gross premiums of £26,690m.
Owned
2015 2014 share of
Managed GWP* GWP* syndicate(s)
Managing agent syndicate(s) £m £m %
ACE Underwriting Agencies Limited 2488 378 361 100%
Advent Underwriting Limited 780 157 126 100%
AEGIS Managing Agency Limited 1225 333 371 100%
Allied World Managing Agency Limited 2232 144 116 100%
Amlin Underwriting Limited 2001 1,654 1,538 100%
AmTrust at Lloyd’s Limited 44 17 15 100%
1206 154 183 100%
2526 29 39 99%
Antares Managing Agency Limited 1274 261 251 100%
ANV Syndicates Limited 779 14 16 0%
1861 222 198 100%
5820 228 239 52%
Apollo Syndicate Management Limited 1969 188 152 18%
Arch Underwriting at Lloyd’s Limited 2012 154 151 100%
Argenta Syndicate Management Limited 2121 227 218 43%
Argo Managing Agency Limited 1200 421 380 87%
Ark Syndicate Management Limited 4020 337 332 93%
6105 44 40 0%
Ascot Underwriting Limited 1414 567 575 100%
Aspen Managing Agency Limited 4711 331 297 100%
Asta Managing Agency Limited 1686 118 87 0%
1729 66 40 0%
1897 97 90 0%
1910 275 188 0%
2357 47 20 0%
2525 44 42 0%
4242 111 82 0%
6117 24 33 0%
6123 4 0 0%
Atrium Underwriters Limited 609 383 365 25%
Barbican Managing Agency Limited 1955 328 274 100%
6118 48 71 45%
6120 40 0 0%
Beaufort Underwriting Agency Limited 318 137 136 91%
Beazley Furlonge Limited 623 248 227 9%
2623 1,131 1,032 100%
3622 14 13 100%
3623 172 152 100%
6050 12 0 0%
6107 31 17 28%
Brit Syndicates Limited 2987 1,308 1,303 100%
Canopius Managing Agents Limited 958 205 192 61%
4444 827 727 87%
6115 6 65 100%
Capita Managing Agency Limited 1492 3 0 0%
Cathedral Underwriting Limited 2010 197 219 58%
3010 47 45 100%
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Managing Agents and Syndicates 192
Managing Agents and Syndicates continued
Catlin Underwriting Agencies Limited 1209 318 302 100%
2003 1,919 1,975 100%
2088 79 47 0%
3002 27 10 100%
6111 131 129 0%
6112 37 39 100%
6119 17 16 0%
6121 22 0 100%
Charles Taylor Managing Agency Limited 1884 33 0 3%
Chaucer Syndicates Limited 1084 839 899 100%
1176 27 24 57%
6124 317 0 0%
Chubb Managing Agent Limited 1882 99 88 100%
Endurance at Lloyd’s Limited 5151 175 172 100%
ERS Syndicate Management Limited 218 394 388 61%
Faraday Underwriting Limited 435 227 208 100%
Hamilton Underwriting Limited 3334 23 56 100%
Hardy (Underwriting Agencies) Limited 382 268 266 100%
HCC Underwriting Agency Limited 4141 98 81 100%
Hiscox Syndicates Limited 33 847 832 73%
3624 400 324 100%
6104 33 49 0%
Liberty Syndicate Management Limited 4472 1,151 1,234 100%
Managing Agency Partners Limited 2791 149 170 20%
6103 5 9 9%
Markel Syndicate Management Limited 3000 429 419 100%
Marketform Managing Agency Limited 2468 210 192 70%
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Underwriting at Lloyd’s Limited 3210 370 351 100%
Munich Re Underwriting Limited 457 436 446 100%
Navigators Underwriting Agency Limited 1221 272 234 100%
Newline Underwriting Management Limited 1218 96 102 100%
Novae Syndicates Limited 2007 789 659 100%
Pembroke Managing Agency Limited 4000 242 250 100%
2014 92 60 0%
ProSight Specialty Managing Agency Limited 1110 212 138 100%
QBE Underwriting Limited 386 335 333 70%
2999 991 888 100%
R&Q Managing Agency Limited 1991 59 35 30%
RenaissanceRe Syndicate Management Limited 1458 244 165 100%
S.A. Meacock & Company Limited 727 68 68 16%
Sirius International Managing Agency Limited 1945 83 67 100%
Starr Managing Agents Limited 1919 264 270 100%
StarStone Underwriting Management Limited 1301 170 141 89%
2008 68 18 100%
Talbot Underwriting Limited 1183 667 669 100%
The Channel Managing Agency Limited 2015 194 162 100%
Tokio Marine Kiln Syndicates Limited 308 28 27 50%
510 1,163 1,097 55%
557 17 20 0%
1880 184 147 100%
Travelers Syndicate Management Limited 5000 287 312 100%
Vibe Syndicate Management Limited 5678 17 5 100%
W R Berkley Syndicate Management Limited 1967 142 150 100%
All other syndicates, SPS and RITC adjustments (857) (502)
Total 26,690 25,259
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Managing Agents and Syndicates 193
As at 31 December 2015
* See Glossary on inside back cover.
The following syndicates ceased trading at 31 December 2015:
Canopius Managing Agents Limited 958
Catlin Underwriting Agencies Limited 1209
Ark Syndicate Management Limited 6105
Barbican Managing Agency Limited 6120
Chaucer Syndicates Limited 6124
As at 22 March 2016 the following syndicates commenced trading for the 2016 year of account:
Barbican Managing Agency Limited 1856
Asta Managing Agency Limited 2786
Pembroke Managing Agency Limited 6125
Asta Managing Agency Limited 6126
Novae Syndicates Limited 6129
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

How Lloyd’s Works 194
Contents
196 What is Lloyd’s?
197 Lloyd’s Market Structure
199 Lloyd’s Business Model
204 Lloyd’s Value Creation
206 Lloyd’s Market Governance
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

How
Lloyd’s
Works
How Lloyd’s Works 195
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

2015—Emerging Risks
Disruption to the global food system would have
economic and social, as well as physical, impacts.
Lloyd’s Food System Shock report encouraged
insurers to work with researchers to model these
interconnected risks and develop appropriate risk
transfer products to improve the system’s
resilience and sustainability.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

How Lloyd’s Works 196
What is Lloyd’s?
The business written at Lloyd’s is brought to specialist
syndicates, who price and underwrite risk, via brokers
and coverholders.
Under its globally recognised name, Lloyd’s acts as
the market’s custodian and is backed by diverse global
resources and a capital structure designed to ensure
financial security. Lloyd’s works with an international
distribution network to increase the use of insurance —
building the resilience of local communities and
supporting global economic growth.
Led by expert brokers and underwriters operating in
more than 200 territories, the Lloyd’s market develops
and distributes complex and critical insurance to help
underwrite human progress.
With expertise earned over centuries, Lloyd’s is an
influential force in the insurance industry. Its Vision 2025
strategy, launched in 2012, is aimed at ensuring that it
remains a global centre for specialist insurance and
reinsurance, facing future challenges head-on while
grasping the opportunities of a fast-changing world.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

How Lloyd’s Works 197
Lloyd’s Market Structure
Members – providing the capital Brokers – distributing business
The capital to underwrite policies is provided by Lloyd’s is a broker market in which strong relationships,
members of Lloyd’s. This capital is backed by many of backed by deep expertise, play a crucial part.
the world’s major insurance groups, listed companies, Brokers facilitate the risk transfer process between
individuals and limited partnerships, with corporate policyholders and underwriters. Much of this business
groups providing the majority of the capital for the involves face to face negotiations between brokers
Lloyd’s market. and underwriters.
Syndicates – writing the insurance At 31 December 2015 there were 242 brokers at Lloyd’s.
A Lloyd’s syndicate is formed by one or more
members joining together to provide capital and Coverholders and service companies –
accept insurance risks. Most syndicates write a range offering local access to Lloyd’s
of classes of business but many will have areas of A managing agent may also authorise third parties
specific expertise. Syndicates are, technically, set up to accept insurance risks directly on behalf of its
on an annual basis. In practice, they usually operate syndicates. These businesses, known as coverholders,
from year to year with members having the right, form a vital distribution channel, offering a local route
but not the obligation, to participate in syndicates to Lloyd’s in many territories around the world.
the following year. This continuity of capital backing
the syndicates means they function like permanent At 31 December 2015 there were 4,008 coverholders
insurance operations. Each syndicate sets its own at Lloyd’s.
appetite for risk, develops a business plan, arranges
its reinsurance protection and manages its exposures A service company operates like a coverholder but
and claims. is a wholly owned subsidiary of a managing agent or
its group. Unlike a coverholder, a service company is
At 31 December 2015 there were 97 syndicates able to sub-delegate underwriting authority to other
at Lloyd’s. coverholders.
Managing agents – managing the syndicates At 31 December 2015 there were 381 service
A managing agent is a company set up to manage companies at Lloyd’s, with the majority in the UK
one or more syndicates on behalf of the members. and the US.
Managing agents have responsibility for employing
underwriters, overseeing their underwriting and Corporation of Lloyd’s – supporting the market
managing the infrastructure and day-to-day The Corporation oversees the Lloyd’s market.
operations. It provides the market’s infrastructure, including
services to support its efficient running, and protects
At 31 December 2015 there were 59 managing and maintains its reputation.
agents at Lloyd’s.
Members’ agents – supporting the members
Policyholders – transferring risk Members’ agents provide advice and administrative
Policyholders include businesses, organisations, services to members, including assisting with
other insurers and individuals from around the world syndicate selection.
who seek to mitigate the impact of potential risks.
Policyholders may access the Lloyd’s market via At 31 December 2015, there were four members’
a broker, coverholder or service company. agents at Lloyd’s.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

How Lloyd’s Works 198
The Corporation’s role includes: — Continuing to raise standards and improve
— Managing and protecting Lloyd’s network performance across two main areas:
of international licences;
— overall risk and performance management
— Agreeing syndicates’ business plans and evaluating of the market; and
performance against those plans. Syndicates are — maintaining and developing the market’s
required to underwrite only in accordance with their attractiveness to capital providers, distributors
agreed business plans. If they fail to do so, Lloyd’s and clients, while preserving its diversity.
can take a range of actions including, as a last
resort, stopping a syndicate underwriting; The Corporation’s Executive Team exercises the
day-to-day powers and functions of the Council
— Monitoring syndicates’ compliance with Lloyd’s of Lloyd’s and the Franchise Board.
minimum standards; and
At 31 December 2015 the Corporation and its
subsidiaries had 995 staff.
Market structure (Figure 5)
Business Flow Managing Agents Capital Flow
Syndicates
Policyholder Distribution Members
Channel
– Brokers
– C overholders
The Corporation of Lloyd’s
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

How Lloyd’s Works 199
Lloyd’s Business Model
The Lloyd’s market Funds at Lloyd’s – members’ capital deposited at
Among Lloyd’s defining features are the diversity Lloyd’s – the second link in the Chain of Security
of its underwriting portfolio and its very wide, Each member, whether corporate or individual, must
and expanding, geographic reach. provide sufficient capital to support their underwriting
at Lloyd’s. Managing agents are required to assess
Access to international insurance markets is one of the Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) for each
Lloyd’s greatest assets. It has specific trading rights to syndicate that they manage.
write insurance business in more than 75 jurisdictions
and the ability to write reinsurance in more than 200
countries and territories. Historically, the UK and US
Lloyd’s Chain of Security (Figure 6)
have been the dominant markets but in recent years
there has been an increase in business from locations
such as Singapore, China and Latin America.
Lloyd’s strategy is to extend and enhance its Several assets
geographical coverage to reflect the evolution of
the global economy and the dispersal of insurance
First Link Syndicate level assets
capacity. During 2015, it increased its presence in
£46,191m
a number of countries, including China, Colombia,
Dubai, Malaysia and Mexico.
Lloyd’s capital structure
Lloyd’s capital structure, often referred to as the
Chain of Security, provides excellent financial security
Second Link Members’ funds at Lloyd’s
to policyholders and capital efficiency for members.
£17,840m
The capital structure provides the financial strength
that ultimately backs all insurance policies written at
Lloyd’s and the common security that underpins the
market’s strong ratings and global licence network.
Lloyd’s capital structure has three elements:
Mutual assets
Syndicate assets – members’ working capital –
the first link in the Chain of Security
All premiums received by syndicates are held in trust Third Link Central Fund Callable layer
by the managing agents as the first resource for £1,658m £822m
paying policyholders’ claims and to fund regulatory Corporation
deposits. Until all liabilities have been provided for, £105m
no profits can be released. Every year, each syndicate’s
reserves for future liabilities are independently
audited and receive an actuarial review.
Subordinated
debt/
securities
£882m
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

How Lloyd’s Works 200
This sets out how much capital the syndicate requires Lloyd’s ratings
to cover its underlying business risks at a 99.5% All Lloyd’s syndicates benefit from Lloyd’s central
confidence level. In light of Lloyd’s mix of business, resources, including the Lloyd’s brand, its global
it is important that this assessment goes beyond the licences and the Central Fund. As all Lloyd’s policies
12 month horizon required by Solvency II and must are backed by this common security, a single market
cover the risk of such extreme losses until all rating can be applied. Lloyd’s financial strength ratings
liabilities are paid and extend to an ultimate basis. apply to all policies issued by Lloyd’s syndicates
since 1993.
The Corporation reviews each syndicate’s SCR to
assess the adequacy of the proposed capital level. Three of the world’s leading insurance rating agencies
When agreed, each SCR is then ‘uplifted’ to ensure – Standard & Poor’s, Fitch Ratings and A.M. Best –
there is sufficient capital to support Lloyd’s ratings assess Lloyd’s capitalisation and financial strength.
and financial strength. The uplift applied for 2016 is
35%. This uplifted SCR is known as the syndicate’s Additional information on the security underlying
Economic Capital Assessment and drives members’ policies at Lloyd’s can be found on the Lloyd’s website.
capital levels across all of the syndicates in which
they participate in proportion to their share of those
syndicates. Each member’s capital is held in trust by
the Corporation for the benefit of policyholders but is
Lloyd’s ratings at 31 December 2015 (Figure 7)
not available for the liabilities of other members.
Lloyd’s central capital –
the third link in the Chain of Security
Lloyd’s central assets, which include the Central
Standard & Poor’s: A+ (Strong)
Fund, are available, at the discretion of the Council
of Lloyd’s, to meet any valid claim that cannot be
A+
met from the resources of any member.
Should syndicates need additional assets to meet
their liabilities, the funds at Lloyd’s ensure that
members have additional resources available.
In the rare event that a member’s capital is insufficient Fitch Ratings: AA– (Very Strong)
and that member is not able to provide further assets
to the relevant syndicates, Lloyd’s central capital AA−
provides further financial support to ensure valid
claims are paid. The Corporation calculates the
central Solvency Capital Requirement, which is
independently validated and overseen by the PRA.
The Franchise Board sets the level of economic
A.M. Best: A (Excellent)
capital needed above the regulatory minimum
to meet its risk appetite and support the market’s
A
ratings and global licence network.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

How Lloyd’s Works 201
Analysis of mutual net assets for solvency (Figure 8)
£m
3,221 3,332
3,185
3,125
3,091
3,028
3,000
2,500
2,000
1,500
1,000
500
0
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015
Corporation and Central Fund net assets 1,616 1,557 1,628
Callable layer 788 779 822
Subordinated debt issued 2004 and 2014 330 497 494
Subordinated perpetual securities issued 2007 391 388 388
Solvency deficit 34 19 20
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

How Lloyd’s Works 202
The Lloyd’s Market
ENDURANVCaEri aLtOioGnOs
RGB (for on-screen usage, web etc.)
BYG el r ulaleod wie nt RRDLi --ag 22rh 11kt ,1 b G b , lG l - uu 5-ee 71 R ,8 R B -0 -2 - 1 , 1 1B 9 2 ,- 1G 74 , 2-G5-71, 9B3-,1 B2-7217
If you have any questions regarding the use of the Endurance logo that are not addressed within this document, please call The Bailey Group at 610.940.9030
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

How Lloyd’s Works 203
At 31 December 2015, the Lloyd’s market consisted of
84 syndicates* managed by 59 managing agents.
* As well as 13 special purpose syndicates
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

How Lloyd’s Works 204
Lloyd’s Value Creation
Throughout history, human progress has gone hand- Benefits to brokers and policyholders
in-hand with risk taking. From the smallest idea to the
largest expedition, whether considerable or minimal, Underwriting expertise and product offering—The
risk, to some degree, is an ever-present factor. Lloyd’s market is a recognised centre of specialist
Properly quantified and managed, it should not be underwriting, claims and analytics expertise. This
a barrier to success. Indeed, risk taking is key to expertise supports a wide range of specialist
making progress. insurance and reinsurance products, often developed
to meet complex and challenging insurance needs.
The role of insurance is to transfer risk, so providing
individuals and organisations with the confidence Claims payment—Lloyd’s is proud of its reputation for
to undertake endeavours that might otherwise paying all valid claims in a timely and efficient manner.
be avoided.
Security and ratings —The single market ratings –
In this way, insurance – and Lloyd’s as one of its most from Standard & Poor’s, Fitch Ratings and A.M. Best –
well-known names – can be seen as having played reflect the fact that all contracts underwritten at
a significant role in underwriting human progress. Lloyd’s are backed by Lloyd’s Chain of Security.
The 17th century saw Lloyd’s insuring ships and their All policyholders benefit from the robust financial
cargoes as new trade routes were opened up around position of the market as a whole.
the globe. It has provided cover for ventures such as
the first non-stop transatlantic flight, the first airships
and missions to the International Space Station.
Today, Lloyd’s continues to support technological
progress, developing policies that cover the use of
aerial drones and pioneering the first cyber-security
liability policy.
Lloyd’s itself provides a platform for individual
commercial business to thrive. It is a varied market,
ranging from large international organisations to
smaller niche businesses. Lloyd’s syndicates often
cover complex risks, including categories such as
shipping, aviation, nuclear, climate, pandemics,
political risk and energy.
For those seeking such protection, whether
individuals, companies or even governments, the
confidence that their insurance policies have sound
financial backing and that their claims will be dealt
with fairly and quickly is paramount. This confidence
is fundamental to Lloyd’s global brand and reputation.
Lloyd’s is a globally recognised and highly valued
brand within the insurance industry.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

How Lloyd’s Works 205
Benefits to syndicates and capital providers Benefits to society and the economy
Market access—Through Lloyd’s central licensing Economic contribution—Lloyd’s is part of the broader
arrangements syndicates at Lloyd’s are able to London insurance market, which employs around
access business from more than 200 countries and 48,000 people – 34,000 of them in London.
territories. The London underwriting room, in which It contributes some £60bn to the UK’s GDP — more
transactions take place on a face to face basis, and than a fifth of the City of London’s GDP contribution.
Lloyd’s strategically located international hubs are all In 2015, 157 of FTSE 250 companies and 28 of the
supported by a global network of representatives with 30 listed in the Dow Jones Industrial Average were
extensive local knowledge. insured at Lloyd’s.
Lloyd’s has been described (for example, in a 2014 Contribution to society—Lloyd’s also has a part to
report from Standard & Poor’s) as the ‘natural’ home play globally in supporting the communities in which
for some areas of specialist insurance and so is an it operates and in taking a lead on wider social and
equally natural choice for those looking to underwrite environmental issues. In 2015 Lloyd’s chief executive
in these specialist fields. was among the insurance sector leaders signing an
open letter to the Prudential Regulatory Authority
Capital advantages—Lloyd’s capital framework, calling for more action on building resilience to climate
under which insurance commitments are underpinned change. Lloyd’s is also a founding member of the
by a Central Fund, is efficient and flexible. Climatewise initiative, a collaborative endeavour by
insurers to drive action on climate change.
Central processes—Lloyd’s market infrastructure
supports its efficient operation. The Corporation Lloyd’s also co-ordinates a number of Corporate
provides central cash settlement and up to date Social Responsibility (CSR) programmes. During 2015,
information on regulatory and legal changes that these included a week-long series of events across
could have an impact on underwriting decisions. Lloyd’s international network for UN World Environment
It provides efficient tax and regulatory reporting to Day and, in London, Dive-In, a festival focusing on
help the market meet its requirements and represents diversity and inclusion.
the market’s interests to regulators and governments.
The provision of risk transfer, through insurance
Market oversight—The Corporation aims to strike and reinsurance, gives Lloyd’s policyholders the
a proportionate balance between supporting a confidence to undertake activities that carry risk
robust market oversight regime and supporting and the potential to recover when things go wrong.
the entrepreneurial and innovative culture that has
contributed to its growth and reputation for more than In this way, Lloyd’s helps to underwrite human
three centuries. It seeks not only to work with market progress and it has created – and continues to
participants wanting to develop new and innovative create – value to society that far exceeds any
products but also to foster new thinking for the financial measure.
market as a whole – for example, through research
into emerging risks and their potential mitigation.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

How Lloyd’s Works 206
Lloyd’s Market Governance
The governance and oversight framework for the Lloyd’s governance and risk management
Lloyd’s market is designed to ensure that both The Council of Lloyd’s is Lloyd’s governing body and
the Corporation and managing agents in the Lloyd’s has ultimate responsibility for overall management
market have robust and comprehensive systems of the market. The Council delegates many of its
of governance, risk management and internal controls. functions to the Franchise Board, whose members
The underlying objective of this overall framework are appointed by the Council and come from both
is that the Corporation and the market actively inside and outside the Lloyd’s market. The Franchise
manage risks to the Central Fund, Lloyd’s licences, Board is responsible for, among other things,
ratings and brand and to ensure good outcomes supervising and regulating the market and owns
for policyholders. Lloyd’s risk management framework.
Lloyd’s risk management framework identifies
the key risks that Lloyd’s faces and enables an
assessment of these risks on a common basis.
The Franchise Board has delegated to the Risk
Committee responsibility for oversight of risks and
providing regular assurance to the Board that those
risks are managed in accordance with approved
policies and risk appetites.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

How Lloyd’s Works 207
Oversight of the Lloyd’s market External regulation
Each managing agent within the market has the In addition to the oversight and supervision provided
responsibility for its own corporate governance. by the Corporation as set out above, the Corporation
However, the Corporation provides a comprehensive and managing agents are regulated by the PRA and
market oversight framework for the governance FCA. Members’ agents and Lloyd’s brokers are
of these businesses. This covers performance regulated by the FCA alone.
management, capital setting and risk management.
The framework includes extensive Minimum Standards, The Corporation is required by the PRA to meet
including a Governance Minimum Standard, to which various prudential requirements relating to capital
managing agents must adhere. The Corporation and solvency and to demonstrate that the Lloyd’s
regularly assesses compliance with these standards. market is soundly and prudently managed.
The Corporation’s oversight activity is published in its
2016 Market Oversight Plan. This provides managing The FCA’s focus is on ensuring that the Corporation
agents with a summary of the Corporation’s view of the and managing agents have systems and controls in
key risks facing the market in 2016, together with the place to manage conduct risk arising from business
key oversight activities that the Corporation will underwritten at Lloyd’s, with a view to securing an
undertake during the year. appropriate degree of protection for policyholders.
The Corporation’s oversight role through this
framework is crucial. The Corporation is accountable 1 D etails of Lloyd’s corporate governance are set out in the
to the Prudential Regulatory Authority (PRA) and Society Report & Accounts on Corporate Governance,
Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) for this (see below). which provides the detail on the Council, Franchise Board
and its principal committees.
Managing agents’ boards play an important role
in ensuring that their firms’ business plans, strategy
and key risks are subject to appropriate and effective
levels of oversight and challenge.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2015

Glossary of Terms
Set out below is a guide to insurance and Lloyd’s-related terms. Coverholder A firm either in the UK or overseas that is
These are not precise definitions but are included to provide authorised by a managing agent under the terms of a
assistance to readers as to the general meaning of terms binding authority to enter into contracts of insurance to be
commonly used in the Lloyd’s market. Formal definitions are underwritten by members of a syndicate managed by the
set out in the Definitions Byelaw. managing agent. A Lloyd’s broker may act as a coverholder.
Accident year ratio The accident year ratio is calculated Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) The FCA supervises
as expenses and incurred losses (paid and reserves) for the conduct of the UK financial services industry. Lloyd’s,
claims occurring in the year as a proportion of net premiums managing agents, members’ agents and Lloyd’s brokers
earned during the year. It excludes movements during the are regulated by the FCA.
calendar year on claims, expenses and premium estimates
Franchise Board The board established by the Council
for previous years.
with responsibility for creating and maintaining a commercial
Active underwriter A person employed by a managing agent environment at Lloyd’s in which the long-term return to
with principal authority to accept insurance and reinsurance all capital providers is maximised. This includes setting the
risks on behalf of the members of a syndicate. Risk Management Framework and profitability targets for
the market.
Binding authority An agreement between a Lloyd’s managing
agent and a coverholder under which the Lloyd’s managing Funds at Lloyd’s (FAL) Capital lodged and held in trust
agent delegates its authority to enter into a contract or at Lloyd’s as security for the policyholders and to support
contracts of insurance to be underwritten by the members a member’s overall underwriting business.
of a syndicate.
Gross Written Premiums (GWP) Written insurance premiums,
Calendar year ratio This is the combined ratio (see below) gross of reinsurance and acquisition costs.
and is the sum of the accident year ratio (see above) and
Integrated Lloyd’s Vehicle (ILV) An arrangement in which a
the prior years’ reserve movements (see below).
syndicate’s capital is wholly provided by corporate members
Callable layer Central Fund assets may be supplemented that are under the same ownership and control as the
by a ‘callable layer’ of up to 3% of members’ overall premium syndicate’s managing agent.
limits in any one calendar year. These funds would be drawn
Managing agent An underwriting agent responsible
from premium trust funds.
for managing a syndicate, or multiple syndicates.
Central assets The net assets of the Society including the
Member (of the Society) A person admitted to the
Central Fund, but excluding the subordinated debt liability
membership of the Society.
and the callable layer.
Name A member of the Society who is an individual
Central Fund The fund financed by (among other things)
and who trades on an unlimited basis.
contributions from Lloyd’s members and administered
New Central Fund The New Central Fund constituted
by the Council primarily as a fund for the protection of
by and governed by the New Central Fund Byelaw
policyholders, and includes both the ‘Old’ Central Fund
(No. 23 of 1996).
and the New Central Fund.
Non-technical account Under UK GAAP the profit and loss
Combined ratio A measure of an insurer’s underwriting
account must be divided between the technical account
profitability based on the ratio of net incurred claims plus net
and the non-technical account. Reported in the latter is all
operating expenses to net earned premiums. A combined ratio
investment return, although an element will be reanalysed
of 100% is break even (before taking into account investment
to the technical account, and any income and expenses that
returns). A ratio less than 100% is an underwriting profit.
do not arise directly from the entity’s underwriting activity.
Corporate member A company incorporated with limited
liability, a Scottish limited partnership or a limited liability
partnership, admitted to membership of the Society.
Council Created by Lloyd’s Act 1982, the Council has
the management and superintendence of the affairs of the
Society and the power to regulate and direct the business
of insurance at Lloyd’s.

Premiums trust funds (PTF) The premiums and other Spread syndicate A syndicate whose capital is provided
monies that members receive in respect of their underwriting by a number of different members, including members
at Lloyd’s are held by their managing agents in trust for that have separate ownership and control, to the
them subject to the discharge of their underwriting liabilities. syndicate’s managing agent.
The premiums trust funds comprise a sterling fund, Lloyd’s Spread vehicle A corporate member underwriting
American Trust Fund, Lloyd’s Dollar Trust Funds, Lloyd’s on a number of different syndicates.
Canadian Trust Fund and the Lloyd’s Asia trust funds (which
Syndicate A member, or group of members, underwriting
cover general business written through coverholders in
insurance business at Lloyd’s through the agency of a
Singapore). These premiums trust funds are available to
managing agent.
fund overseas regulatory deposits, claims, return premiums,
Syndicate allocated capacity In relation to a syndicate
underwriting expenses and any profit that is payable to the
the aggregate of the member’s syndicated premium limits
member after providing for all future liabilities.
of all the members for the time being of the syndicate.
Prior years’ reserve movements This is calculated as
Technical account Under UK GAAP the profit and
movements in reserves established for claims that occurred
loss account must be divided between the technical
in previous accident years as a proportion of net premiums
account and the non-technical account. The technical
earned during the year.
account reports the results of the underwriting activity,
Prudential Regulatory Authority (PRA) The PRA is
premiums less claims, less expenses and also includes
responsible for the prudential regulation and supervision
an element of the investment return reanalysed from
of banks, building societies, credit unions, insurers and
the non-technical account.
major investment firms. Lloyd’s and managing agents are
Tier 1 capital The core measure of an insurer’s financial
regulated by the PRA.
strength from the viewpoint of the PRA. It consists of the
Realistic Disaster Scenarios (RDS) A series of scenarios,
most reliable and liquid assets. The perpetual securities
both natural and man-made, which are used to assess the
issued in 2007 qualify as tier 1 capital as the proceeds
market’s risk profile to a variety of different catastrophes
of the debt issue are fully paid and immediately available;
to enable better risk management practices within Lloyd’s.
debt holders are subordinate to payment of claims.
Reinsurance to close (RITC) A reinsurance agreement
Traditional syndicate A syndicate whose members
under which members of a syndicate for a year of account
underwrite insurance business at Lloyd’s for the current
to be closed are reinsured by members who comprise that
year of account and which is neither an SPS syndicate
or another syndicate for a later year of account against all
nor an RITC syndicate.
liabilities arising out of insurance business written by the
Year of account The year to which a risk is allocated
reinsured syndicate.
and to which all premiums and claims in respect of that
Reinsurance to close (RITC) syndicate A syndicate
risk are attributed. The year of account of a risk is usually
set up solely to underwrite the Reinsurance to Close
determined by the calendar year in which the risk incepts.
of other syndicates.
A year of account is normally closed by reinsurance at
Service company An approved coverholder which Lloyd’s the end of 36 months.
has agreed can be classified as a ‘service company’
by reason of it being a wholly owned subsidiary of either
a managing agent or of a managing agent’s holding
company and which is normally only authorised to enter
into contracts of insurance for members of its associated
syndicate and/or associated insurance companies.
Special Purpose Syndicate (SPS) A syndicate set up
solely to underwrite a quota share reinsurance of another
syndicate’s business for a year of account.

Lloyd’s began 328 years ago, in Edward Lloyd’s
coffee house in the City of London, as the place
where ship owners met those with the capital
to insure their ships and cargo. Lloyd’s has
been protecting business and trade ever since,
becoming the world’s leading market for specialist
property and casualty insurance.
This dynamic market brings together underwriters
who provide insurance coverage with brokers
seeking the best insurance for their clients.
Business at Lloyd’s is still most often undertaken
face-to-face in the busy underwriting room,
where the subscription market enables different
syndicates to take a share of the same risk.
Lloyd’s offers a unique concentration of expertise
and talent, backed by strong financial ratings
and international licences. Its strength lies in the
diversity and expertise of the managing agents
working at Lloyd’s, supported by capital from
across the world.
The Lloyd’s market provides a wide range
of distribution channels for managing agents
(who manage syndicates) to access specialist
business, primarily through brokers, coverholders
and service companies.
Lloyd’s remains true to its original aim of helping
clients face their business challenges and
setbacks with resilience.