# Source: https://assets.lloyds.com/media/530f990a-cdf1-4f3c-b776-4908cba51966/Lloyd's-Annual-Report-2024.pdf
# Extracted: 2025-12-09T20:31:08.794643
# PDF: market_commentary_data\pdfs\lloyds_official\lloyds_annual_report_2024.pdf
# Length: 632209 characters
#======================================================================

Sharing risk to
create a braver world
Annual
report
2024

Lloyd’s is the world’s leading insurance
and reinsurance marketplace. We’re
sharing risk to create a braver world –
protecting what matters most, building
resilience and helping people and
businesses recover in times of need.
Contents
Strategic Report Society Report
Key messages Governance at a glance 66
Chair’s statement 4 Governance essentials 68
Chief Executive Officer’s statement 5 The Code 69
Chief Financial Officer’s statement 7 Council report 70
About Lloyd’s 8 Statement by the members of the Council 72
Lloyd's business model 10 Nominations and Governance Committee report 76
Our strategic priorities Risk Committee report 80
Performance 12 Audit Committee report 83
Digitalisation 14 Remuneration Committee report 88
Purpose 16 Committees of the Council 99
Culture 18 Special Committees of the Council 101
Principal risks 20 Report of the Lloyd’s Members’ Ombudsman 102
Emerging risks 23 Climate-related financial disclosures 103
Group financial review 110
Market Results
Statement of the Council’s responsibilities 117
Market financial review 26 Independent auditor’s report to the members of the 118
Statement of Council’s responsibilities 34 Society of Lloyd’s
Report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to the 35 Society Financial Statements
Council on the 2024 Pro Forma Financial Group Profit and Loss Account and Statement of 124
Statements Comprehensive Income
Pro Forma Profit and Loss Account 36 Group Balance Sheet 125
Pro Forma Statement of Comprehensive Income 37 Group Statement of Changes in Equity 127
Pro Forma Balance Sheet 38 Group Statement of Cash Flows 128
Pro Forma Statement of Cash Flows 39 Notes to the Financial Statements 129
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements 40
Other Information
Lloyd’s reporting suite Alternative performance measures 166
Glossary of terms and useful links 168
Follow link for more information and to view our
2024 reporting suite

Gross written premium
£55.5bn
£35.5bn
£39.2bn
£46.7bn
£52.1bn
£55.5bn
Combined ratio
86.9%
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
110.3%
93.5% 91.9%
84.0% 86.9%
Result before tax
£9.6bn
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
£(0.9)bn
£2.3bn
£(0.8)bn
£10.7bn
£9.6bn
Our performance at a glance
Financial key performance indicators
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
Expense ratio Return on capital Underlying combined ratio
34.4% 21.0% 79.1%
(2023: 34.4%) (2023: 25.3%) (2023: 80.5%)
Attritional loss ratio Underwriting result Investment return
47.1% £5.3bn £4.9bn
(2023: 48.3%) (2023: £5.9bn) (2023: £5.3bn)
Central solvency Market-wide solvency Total capital, reserves and
coverage ratio coverage ratio subordinated loan notes
435% 205% £47.1bn
(2023: 503%) (2023: 207%) (2023: £45.3bn)
Read more about our performance in the Market Results section on pages 26 to 63
The above metrics include alternative performance measures. Definitions are on pages 166 to 167
Our impact on society
Financial strength ratings
£22bn £158m
claims paid to global customers premium written in the Lloyd's A+ AA-
in the wake of disasters in 2024 market by Lloyd's Lab alumni
A.M. Best S&P Global
stable outlook stable outlook
25 years 45,000
of partnership with the World Bank people attended the 10th annual
AA- AA-
Group Guarantees Dive In Festival
Fitch Ratings KBRA
stable outlook stable outlook
Read more about our impact on society in our Sustainability Report
available at www.lloyds.com
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 1

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Strategic
Report
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 2

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Key messages
Chair’s statement 4
Chief Executive Officer's statement 5
Chief Financial Officer’s statement 7
About Lloyd’s 8
Lloyd's business model 10
Our strategic priorities
Performance 12
Digitalisation 14
Purpose 16
Culture 18
Principal risks 20
Emerging risks 23
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 3

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Chair’s statement
"Our market's performance in 2024
underpins the important role we play in
maintaining and strengthening the UK's
global position in wholesale and
commercial insurance."
In 2024, Lloyd’s has once again
demonstrated its value. With gross written
premiums of £55.5bn and pre-tax profits of
£9.6bn, Lloyd’s has built on its reputation
as a place where the world’s most
complicated risks are insured and where
capital is effectively managed.
Our market’s performance in 2024 underpins the important
role we play in maintaining and strengthening the UK’s global
leadership position in wholesale and commercial insurance. In 2024, the Lloyd’s of London Foundation worked with 28
The performance of the market is not something we can ever charities across the globe, donating a total of £1.6m to good
take as a given. It is hard won – every day, on every causes in the areas of disaster relief, social mobility and
transaction. Over the last eight years, the market has grown education.
65.4%; our attritional loss ratio has improved by 11.8
Our commitment to modernising our market continues.
percentage points (pp); our expense ratio has reduced by
However, disappointingly, the delivery of Blueprint Two has
5.1pp; and we continue to attract new capital into the market.
progressed more slowly than we planned. This is an
Aside from 2020, where we recorded extraordinary losses
extraordinarily complex project but, even while
from the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, our combined
acknowledging that, we were forced to delay and replan the
ratio has consistently improved; and our upgraded financial
project, so missing the agreed timeline to deliver the new
strength ratings now stand alongside the strongest players in
technology for the market. Management changes have
our industry. This performance will be sustained only if we
increased our visibility and confidence in the project, the
preserve our underwriting discipline and adopt new
successful delivery of which is vital to the long-term
technology to become smarter at understanding and pricing
prosperity of the market.
risk.
Corporation changes
Global risk landscape
2025 will also see changes to the leadership of the
Our world faces very significant challenges: climate change,
Corporation. This is my last year in role and I am delighted
slow global economic growth, geopolitical uncertainty,
that Sir Charles Roxburgh will succeed me as Chair on 1 May.
conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East, persistent under-
We also announced the long-planned retirement of Burkhard
investment in infrastructure and the growing threat from
Keese, our Chief Financial Officer (CFO) for the past six
cyber attacks. Insurance has a role to play in identifying,
years. He will be succeeded by his deputy, Alexandra Cliff and
managing, mitigating and protecting all of these risks. In 2024,
she will become CFO also on 1 May.
we again demonstrated our ability to collaborate on the
world’s most significant threats through our continued After six and a half years as Lloyd’s Chief Executive, John
underwriting of Ukraine’s grain exports; our partnership with Neal announced in January that he would be stepping down.
the United Nations to address disaster resilience in Small Under his leadership, the Corporation and the market have
Island Developing States; our role as chair of the Earth and navigated many challenges, not least the pandemic, to deliver
Space Sustainability Initiative Advisory Board and of the outstanding financial performance. John is leaving Lloyd’s in a
Insurance Task Force of the Sustainable Markets Initiative. much stronger position than when he arrived and I am very
grateful to him for his huge contribution to the market’s
Strengthening the Lloyd's market
success.
We have made progress on our ambition to see more women
in senior leadership positions in the market and to increase As I complete my eight year term as Chair of this unique and
our attractiveness as a place to build careers among extraordinary market, it remains for me to thank all those who
underrepresented groups. In 2024, we celebrated ten years work in the market for their support during my time in office,
of the Dive In Festival, created by Lloyd’s, embraced by the particularly colleagues on the Council of Lloyd’s and in the
London market and now taken up by the insurance industry Corporation and to congratulate you on all you have achieved.
globally, this year breaking attendance records with around It has been a privilege to serve the market.
45,000 participants from 81 countries.
Bruce Carnegie-Brown
Chairman of Lloyd’s
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 4

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Chief Executive Officer's statement
“I would like to thank members of the
market and Corporation employees for
their commitment and dedication to
achieve this result for 2024 – this is the
product of many years of focus and has
been hard won.”
Throughout 2024, Lloyd’s continued to
demonstrate its value as the world’s
insurance partner, assisting and protecting
economic growth, resilience and
innovation around the world. Against a
backdrop of increasing uncertainty, Lloyd’s
supported its customers as they
responded to a significant shift in the
global geopolitical landscape accentuated
by ongoing conflicts and high-profile Investment returns of £4.9bn contributed to an overall result
before tax of £9.6bn, representing two back-to-back years of
elections, a series of extreme weather
solid results. Above all, we ended a year, which was
events, and accelerating technological characterised by two severe storms in the US, severe flooding
advances. in Europe and the Baltimore Bridge collapse with our balance
sheet in superb shape.
Our market’s ability to continue to deliver sustainable and
Global shifts in risk dynamics
attractive returns for our investors, and provide the solutions
customers need to protect their balance sheets and revenue The market’s consistent underwriting discipline and
streams, is underpinned by our relentless focus on responsiveness to changing risk dynamics meant that we saw
sustainable, profitable performance – which will always be our positive trends across a number of lines of business
number one priority. This strength of focus on disciplined throughout 2024. Broadly, property classes remained well-
underwriting and profitable growth has supported the priced, however some casualty classes continued to need
market’s year-on-year performance, importantly partnered by focus, alongside specialty lines impacted by increased
a high quality and resilient balance sheet. economic and geopolitical risks. These conditions saw
appropriate underwriting actions taken by the market in
Industry-leading performance selecting and pricing risks and prudent reserving for complex
2024 marked another year of robust financial performance by cases.
Lloyd’s. The market’s combined operating ratio of 86.9% - the
In geographical terms, the US remained our most significant
second consecutive year this has been sub 90% - and an
market in 2024. We continue to grow in the Americas more
underwriting profit of £5.3bn, represents one of our most
broadly and are encouraged by three consecutive strong
profitable underwriting years in recent history. This result was
years of growth in Europe now settling post Brexit.
underpinned by resilient underlying profitability across the
market, with a combined ratio excluding major losses of Lloyd’s continued to maintain an exceptionally strong capital
79.1%, now consistently around 80%, an improved attritional position, with a central solvency ratio of 435% and a market-
loss ratio of 47.1%, and expense ratio flat at 34.4%. wide solvency ratio of 205%. The quality and strength of
Lloyd’s balance sheet, coupled with industry-leading
Throughout 2024, market conditions remained favourable,
performance and strong strategic execution, saw Lloyd’s
with global insurance premiums continuing to grow well above
achieve its strongest set of financial strength ratings, with
the rate of GDP. Those conditions allowed the market to
A.M. Best’s upgrade from A to A+ in August 2024, following
maintain targeted and sustainable growth, with full year gross
S&P Global’s upgrade from A+ to AA- at the end of 2023.
written premiums increasing by 6.5% to £55.5bn, driven by a
blend of 8.5% volume growth and 0.3% price increases,
excluding adverse foreign exchange movement of (2.3)%.
This growth was supported by several new entrants to
Lloyd’s, underscoring the growing attractiveness of our
market.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 5

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Lloyd's value proposition new Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the Bermuda
Our focus on executing against our strategy, alongside our Monetary Authority, a commitment to working collaboratively
principles-based oversight framework, over the past several and sharing knowledge and expertise between the world’s
years, has been matched by the market delivering two largest reinsurance hubs; together with illuminating
consistently excellent results. These actions have put Lloyd’s emerging risks like cyber and generative AI through our
in the strongest financial position in recent memory, with Futureset research and interviews with leaders across
sustainable growth and record profits, and an industry-leading business, government and broader society. What is clear is
voice valued by governments, regulators and customers that we have an incredibly strong brand and reputation that
around the world. have gone from strength to strength, meaning that our view
on risk issues is valued and sought after by our most
We were pleased to be able to hold our first ever Capital important stakeholders inside and outside the industry.
Markets Day in 2024, where we showcased the unique and
enduring value proposition of Lloyd’s, which has driven new We are committed to fostering a culture of high performance
businesses and new capital to Lloyd’s in recent years. and inclusion. Having met our ambition in 2023, the market
continued to improve its position on gender balance reaching
This is built on three distinct areas: strong and consistent 36% of women in leadership roles, whilst making progress on
financial performance; our relentless focus on underwriting our hiring ambition for people from ethnically diverse
discipline; and the benefits of global scale. These backgrounds. 2024 saw the creation of Lloyd’s Inclusive
characteristics, alongside our trusted brand, a combination of Futures coalition: the collective of market firms and delivery
our heritage and innovation, our expertise and our partners behind the Inclusive Futures programme of initiatives
commitment to customers, create a distinct proposition to launched in November 2023. The programme exists to
investors, but also underwriters, brokers and talent. support ethnically diverse talent who are interested in
As we look out at the challenges facing the world in the insurance, at all levels from the classroom to the boardroom.
coming decades, these large and complex risks will only The programme has had early impact, including the first
increase – whether that’s due to increasing global supply bursary cohort of 20 scholars, eight early careers hires from
chain challenges, the impacts of a changing climate, or the the talent pool and the start of a school engagement
rapidly accelerating pace of cyber and data risks, alongside programme.
the proliferation of generative AI. All of this means the Outlook for 2025
demand for the solutions our marketplace provides will rise
The outstanding result in 2024 gives us confidence for the
and require our industry to evolve and innovate to respond to
future and that the market is well positioned to remain strong
that significant growth opportunity.
in 2025. Specialist, innovative and tailored policies are
Lloyd’s unique ecosystem allows us to meet this increased expected to stand up, against a backdrop of ongoing volatility.
demand by balancing new, large and complex risks with And these are the qualities where Lloyd’s excels. While the
opportunity. Our industry-leading performance, underwriting macroeconomic climate remains subdued, with growth in
discipline and global scale underpin our ability to innovate and many markets remaining elusive, and concerns over global
design the solutions our customers, businesses and trade flows and further geopolitical tension the focus of
governments need to manage their risks and balance sheets boardroom discussions, our focus remains on sustainable
through increasing uncertainty. profitability which will underpin our ability to deliver
exceptional value to our market, our investors and our
Our strategic pillars
customers. This will continue to guide our approach to market
Our value proposition continues to be strengthened by our oversight and growth aspirations, as we continue to remain
execution against our strategic priorities which, alongside agile to both the challenges and opportunities the ever
performance, are digitalisation, purpose and culture. changing risk landscape presents.
We remain committed to improving the digital infrastructure of I would like to thank members of the market and Corporation
the market through Blueprint Two, which will deliver a more employees for their commitment and dedication to achieve
resilient, flexible and future-proofed technology platform. This such a stunning result for 2024 – this is the product of many
is a significant and complex undertaking, as we are upgrading years of focus and has been hard won. I am proud of what we
a platform shared by thousands of businesses, paying almost have achieved together. Our huge thanks go to Bruce
£60,000 in claims per minute. In 2024, we reset the Carnegie-Brown, who will step down as Chair in April 2025
programme under new leadership and developed an and who has served with real distinction. He leaves behind an
approach to deliver a safe cutover. Although it will take longer organisation which is highly attractive to insurers, brokers,
than anticipated to switch over to the new platform, I am capital providers and talent. We have a market which is
comfortable that we are putting safety first. I am grateful for characterised by diversity – in terms of our underwriters and
the steadfast commitment across all of our market brokers, our capital providers, the depth and breadth of our
associations, participants and vendors to get to this goal and stakeholders and of course, our talent base.
to transform the digital infrastructure both Lloyd’s and the
London market rely on to serve their customers. I am confident that Lloyd’s strongest years are ahead of it.
There is no doubt that the world needs what Lloyd’s provides:
As the world continues to navigate uncertainty and volatility, an ability to provide the confidence to millions of people and
our focus on delivering against our purpose saw us continue businesses to innovate, invest and take managed risk.
our partnerships with the United Nations Capital Development
Fund (UNCDF), with whom we are delivering disaster risk John Neal
financing to Small Island Developing States in the Pacific; a Chief Executive Officer
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 6

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Chief Financial Officer’s statement
"2024 saw us maintain our focus on
strong profitability and disciplined
growth.”
In my final report as Lloyd's Chief Financial
Officer, I am delighted to present another
year of robust financial performance,
showing that our market’s focus on
underwriting discipline and profitability
over the last seven years is starting to
deliver results.
2024 saw the continuation of positive returns, with profit
before tax of £9.6bn (2023: £10.7bn), consisting of an
underwriting result of £5.3bn (2023: £5.9bn) and an
investment return of £4.9bn (2023: £5.3bn).
Our gross written premium reached £55.5bn, an increase of
6.5% compared to 2023. On the back of 7.2% of price
The renewal of the Central Fund cover this year further
increases in 2023 and 0.3% price increases in 2024, volume
supports Lloyd’s long-term market growth and enhances our
has been the primary driver of growth at 8.5% (7.6% from
financial strength, providing assurance to capital providers and
existing and 0.9% from new syndicates), offset by (2.3)% of
customers alike.
foreign exchange movements. The Reinsurance and Property
segments, which continued to experience positive price The total capital of the market balance sheet stands at £47.1bn
changes in 2024, reported the highest growth rates as the (2023: £45.3bn). Our balance sheet includes an overall reserve
market expanded in its most profitable areas. margin of £5.4bn (2023: £4.6bn), which has been increasing
steadily year on year. This is in line with our reserving philosophy
Sustainable underwriting performance
of booking losses early and conservatively. Overall, this year the
The underlying combined ratio of 79.1% (2023: 80.5%) market has benefited from favourable prior year experience,
reflects the market's ongoing focus on consistent profitability. including on Cyber and FinPro Casualty lines, whilst specifically
increasing reserve strength in Reinsurance Casualty lines of
Our combined ratio of 86.9% is up from 84.0% in 2023 as
business where there continues to be increased uncertainty in
2024 major claims, including Hurricane Milton, Hurricane
relation to claims inflation, and in Aviation driven by losses
Helene, and the Dali Baltimore Bridge collision, contributed to
related to the Ukraine conflict.
an increase in the major claims ratio to 7.8% (2023: 3.5%).
Our robust financial position and strong operating performance
Prior year releases positively impacted the combined ratio by
saw rating agency A.M. Best upgrade the market's financial
2.4% (2023: 2.2%), with favourable developments across most
strength rating to 'A+', following the upgrade from S&P Global at
lines of business. The expense ratio remained stable at 34.4%
the end of 2023. As a result, all four of our ratings agencies now
(2023: 34.4%).
grade the Lloyd’s market at AA- or equivalent, the highest
Return on capital of 21.0% in 2024 brings the seven year ratings we have ever achieved.
average to 7.6% (2023: 3.6%), demonstrating positive
Looking forward
momentum - but we must remain vigilant.
These results reflect our commitment to sustainable
Consistent investment return
performance and strategic growth, positioning Lloyd's
Our investment performance in 2024 delivered a return of strongly as we look to future opportunities.
£4.9bn (2023: £5.3bn) with the portfolio benefiting from
As I prepare to hand over my responsibilities to Alexandra
another year of higher interest rates. Investment income
Cliff in May 2025, I am confident our robust capital framework
increased to £4.2bn (2023: £3.9bn), with lower paper profits
and market modernisation activities position Lloyd's strongly
driving the reduction in investment return compared to the
for the next phase of growth. While market conditions require
previous year, with fourth quarter volatility resulting in mark-
continued focus, our disciplined underwriting approach
to-market losses on fixed income investments.
enables us to capitalise on opportunities that strengthen
Robust balance sheet Lloyd's position in the global insurance market.
The central solvency ratio remains strong at 435%, with the
I would like to express my gratitude to the Lloyd's community
reduction from 503% in 2023 reflecting the increase in the
for their support during my tenure, and I look forward to
Central SCR (a 73pp reduction) and our capital management
continuing to contribute to Lloyd's success in an advisory role.
actions to reduce Tier 1 and 2 debt (a 27pp reduction), offset
by an increase in Society net assets due to profitable growth
Burkhard Keese
(a 32pp increase). The market-wide solvency ratio remained
Chief Financial Officer
robust at 205% (2023: 207%).
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 7

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
About Lloyd’s
Lloyd’s is the world’s leading insurance Planes fly, satellites transmit, and super tankers cross the
oceans backed by Lloyd’s. These were new risks once, and
and reinsurance marketplace.
we were among the first to find a way to insure them.
In 2024, the Lloyd’s market wrote over Today, we’re protecting our customers in a world where risks
£55bn of insurance premium. travel fast and their impacts, even faster. Goods can be
exposed to digital risk in the cloud, or physical risk in the
Risks are considered, priced and insured warehouse. We cover reputations as well as rail roads.
by a marketplace of fifty-thousand risk Patents and copyrights as well as bricks and mortar.
professionals, protected by over £47bn of Lloyd's has been at the forefront of the insurance industry for
capital. more than 300 years. Today, we are the world’s insurance
and reinsurance marketplace, empowering and protecting
economic growth, resilience and innovation.
Read more at www.lloyds.com
Our purpose: sharing risk Sustainable, because we want to build things that last.
From three year old startups to a 300 year old market,
to create a braver world. everything we do should consider how we can protect and
preserve our resources – natural, financial, technological – for
Together with our customers, businesses future generations.
and communities all over the world we are Resilient, because we’ve seen the impact global risks have
on our world, from COVID-19 to climate change. Insurance
building a braver future – one that is more
helps people protect what matters most to them: so by
sustainable, resilient and inclusive.
innovating to find new solutions, we help people and
businesses prepare for whatever lies ahead.
Inclusive, because we want everyone to share in the
resources we’re protecting and preserving. That means
working to close the gaps we see in representation, economic
opportunity and insurance protection in our communities
around the world.
Supporting our stakeholders
As the world’s largest specialist insurance market and global distribution network,
Lloyd’s has a unique set of stakeholders:
Customers Underwriters Brokers Capital Policymakers Talent
providers and regulators
We provide the We offer the ability to We give direct access We provide access to We bring expertise, capital We create the
products and share and syndicate to diversified, innovative and flexible and innovation together to chance to be at the
services to navigate risk in one place, while independent capital, capital solutions that help society build resilience heart of global risk
complex risks and developing innovative global markets and the offer low cost of capital and respond in times of solutions, in a
build resilience for solutions to new and highest concentration and attractive crisis. purpose-driven
the future. evolving risks. of underwriters in the investment returns culture where every
world to place risks on backed by robust employee can
behalf of clients. oversight. progress and
develop.
We also work closely with industry and market associations, rating agencies, charities, suppliers,
Read more about our stakeholder
academics and many others to share expertise across all parts of society.
engagement on pages 72 to 75
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 8

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Our strategic priorities
Performance Digitalisation Purpose Culture
We’re delivering Through Blueprint Two Everything we do at Lloyd’s We’re committed to
sustainable, profitable we’re creating a data- is underpinned by our creating a diverse, inclusive
performance and growth in focused, automated and purpose of sharing risk to and high-performing
our marketplace. cost-efficient insurance create a braver world – culture across our market
marketplace: better, faster, creating a world that’s to attract and retain the
cheaper. more sustainable, resilient best talent.
and inclusive.
Read more on pages Read more on pages Read more on pages Read more on pages
12-13 14-15 16-17 18-19
Our unique benefits
Lloyd’s marketplace model offers unparalleled value:
Choice Confidence Partnership Expertise Insight Scale
Our competitive Every day, Lloyd’s Businesses, We are a marketplace We produce analysis Lloyd’s offers
market offers gives millions of people governments and powered by thousands and market intelligence onshore insurance in
policyholders choice and businesses the communities are of the most talented and gather experts to 80 countries,
and the opportunity to confidence to innovate, grappling with once in a risk professionals in the find solutions for new reinsurance in 100
find the best price and invest and take risks. generation challenges: world, insuring some of and evolving risks. countries and
terms for their risk. the digital revolution, the most diverse and offshore reinsurance
climate change. We complex risks. in over 200 territories.
bring them together to
find solutions.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 9

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
The Lloyd’s business model
Regulatory bodies
Lloyd’s is regulated by the PRA and FCA
Council of Lloyd’s
Governance and oversight
Corporation of Lloyd’s
The Lloyd’s market in 2024
Business flow Capital flow
Where our stakeholders come together to provide
Customers Distribution Members
and purchase protection, access shared
(policyholders) channels (capital providers)
resources, and exchange risk insights
• Global companies • 401 registered • Trade capital from insurance
51 managing agents: manage syndicates
• Small and medium brokers companies
enterprises • 405 service • Institutional capital
84 syndicates: write insurance and reinsurance
• Private individuals companies • Private capital via members’
• Other insurance • 2,949 8 special purpose arrangements: set up solely agents from small companies
groups coverholders and individuals
to write a quota share of another syndicate
9 syndicates in a box: write innovative new
business
Associations and committees
The interests of our market participants are represented and promoted through committees and associations.
We work closely with them to ensure that the market operates efficiently and with appropriate oversight, and place our
customer and stakeholders’ interests at the centre of what we do.
London & Xchanging
International Association of
Lloyd’s Market International London Market High Premium Insurance Services &
Underwriting Lloyd’s Members
Association (LMA) Insurance Brokers Group (LMG) Group (HPG) Xchanging
Association (IUA) (ALM)
Association (LIIBA) Claims Services
Our business model Behind the Lloyd’s market is the Society of Lloyd’s (also
referred to as ‘the Corporation’). While the Corporation does
The insurance written at Lloyd’s is brought to the market by
not underwrite insurance risks, it acts as the market operator:
brokers and coverholders, to specialist underwriters who
providing the infrastructure and regulatory oversight needed
price and underwrite the risk.
for the market to succeed.
Syndicates are managed by ‘managing agents’ who employ
The Lloyd’s Council is responsible for the governance,
the underwriters to ‘bind’ the contracts of insurance and
management and supervision of the Society and the market.
reinsurance on behalf of the members of Lloyd’s. Managing
The governance and oversight frameworks are designed to
agents will also carry out all the other activities of insurance
ensure the Society and Lloyd’s market actively manage risks
business at Lloyd’s on behalf of the members. Syndicates are
to the Central Fund, Lloyd’s licences, ratings and brand in
formed by members joining together to underwrite insurance,
order to create good outcomes for customers. We work
each for their own share. Members provide the capital to back
closely with market associations to continue evolving our
the underwriting.
oversight to make sure our stakeholders’ interests are
Much of the insurance and reinsurance capacity available at reflected appropriately.
Lloyd’s is provided on a subscription basis, where syndicates
The Society is authorised under the Financial Services &
each take a share of large and complex risks. Combined with
Markets Act 2000 and is regulated by the Prudential
the choice, flexibility and financial security of the market, this
Regulation Authority (PRA) and Financial Conduct Authority
makes Lloyd’s the world’s leading platform to underwrite and
(FCA). Managing agents are authorised by the PRA and are
purchase insurance and reinsurance cover.
regulated by the PRA and FCA. Additionally, all managing
The interests of our market participants are represented and agents are approved by the Society and are subject to the
promoted by market associations and committees, which are Society’s market oversight regime.
set up by Lloyd’s underwriters, brokers and members.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 10

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Our capital structure Syndicate assets
All premiums received by syndicates are held in trust by the managing agents
Lloyd’s unique capital
as the first resource for paying customers’ claims.
structure provides
excellent financial security
Funds at Lloyd’s
to policyholders and capital
Each member must provide sufficient capital to support their underwriting at
efficiency for members. Lloyd’s. Managing agents assess the Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) for
each syndicate that they manage, which sets out how much capital the
Often referred to as the Chain of syndicate requires to cover its underlying business risks at a 99.5%
Security, the capital structure provides confidence level.
the financial strength that ultimately
backs all insurance policies written at
Lloyd’s and the common security that Lloyd’s central assets
underpins the market’s strong ratings Our central assets, at the discretion of the Council of Lloyd’s, are available to
and global licence network. meet any valid claims that cannot be met from the resources of any member.
This includes Lloyd’s Central Fund, which is a fund held by Lloyd’s to protect
policyholders in the rare event that a member needs additional assets to
meet its liabilities.
Lloyd’s global network
Lloyd’s is licensed to write onshore insurance in 80 countries, reinsurance in 100 countries and can write offshore reinsurance
in over 200 territories. Lloyd’s licences in the EU and in China are held by its wholly owned, locally authorised insurance
company subsidiaries – in Belgium (Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A.) and China (Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited).
Lloyd’s suite of trading rights enables underwriters to transact business across the globe
Insurance & reinsurance ‘direct’ US surplus lines Reinsurance (no licence required)
licence Lloyd’s underwriters are able to write US surplus Territories from which Lloyd’s can write
Lloyd's is licensed to write onshore insurance in lines insurance, onshore and cross-border reinsurance business, with underwriting activity
80 countries in which Lloyd’s managing agents reinsurance. taking place outside of the territory (subject to
can write insurance and reinsurance typically on a Reinsurance licence sanctions).
single policy written on Lloyd’s paper*. These are
Territories where Lloyd’s is licensed to write
policies that function as locally admitted
reinsurance business only.
placements.
* Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A. (‘Lloyd’s Europe’) and Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited (‘Lloyd’s China’) are the principal
insurance businesses of the Society of Lloyd’s. Placements in these regions are therefore written on Lloyd’s paper rather than members’
paper.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 11

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Our strategic priorities
Performance
Our focus on sustainable, profitable performance is supported by
portfolio management, principles-based oversight and a
differentiated approach to business planning for Lloyd’s syndicates.
In 2024, the Lloyd's market demonstrated Financial strength ratings
strong underwriting discipline, leading to
excellent results driven by sustainable
underwriting profitability and strong A+ AA-
investment returns.
Sustainable, profitable performance
In 2024, Lloyd’s saw a 6.5% increase in premiums written in A.M. Best S&P Global
the market, raising the gross written premium (GWP) to stable outlook stable outlook
£55.5bn. This growth was mainly driven by volume, which
contributed 8.5% to the increase. Of this, 7.6% was
attributable to existing syndicates, while 0.9% was due to new
market entrants. Rate momentum has stabilised, with price AA- AA-
changes (including rate and inflation) accounting for 0.3%,
while foreign exchange movements negatively impacted
growth by (2.3)%.
The market's combined ratio was 86.9%, and an underwriting Fitch Ratings KBRA
profit of £5.3bn with lower than expected major losses driving stable outlook stable outlook
the sub-90% combined ratio for the second consecutive year.
This was underpinned by an improved attritional loss ratio of
47.1% and a stable expense ratio of 34.4%.
Investor confidence
The major claims ratio rose to 7.8% in 2024 due to significant
During 2024 Lloyd’s repaid the first tranche of syndicate
catastrophe events, including Hurricane Milton and Helene
loans (£110m) and the 2024 subordinated debt (£306m), while
and the Baltimore Bridge collision. Investments also
still maintaining it’s robust balance sheet, reporting total
performed well, generating returns of £4.9bn, supporting an
capital, reserves and subordinated loan notes of £47.2bn. In
overall profit of £9.6bn.
addition, the Central Fund cover was renewed in the year,
Providing robust oversight which supports Lloyd’s long term market growth and
Lloyd’s principles-based oversight framework has an enhances the financial strength of the balance sheet on a five
established set of core principles and targeted oversight, as year rolling basis.
well as tools for intervention. This risk-based approach allows
At 31 December 2024, the market-wide solvency ratio stood
for a differentiating approach that can be pointed towards
at 205% while the central solvency ratio was 435%,
areas of the portfolio that need closer focus. In 2024, this
demonstrating the continued resilience of the Lloyd’s balance
approach has ensured that growth in the marketplace has
sheet and offering confidence to capital providers as well as
been driven by those that have demonstrable strong
customers.
underwriting discipline.
Lloyd’s robust balance sheet strength and strong operating
The combination of our strong capital rating, expansive
performance saw our financial strength ratings improve with
licensing and our globally recognised brand, means that
an upgrade from A.M. Best, meaning all four of our ratings
Lloyd’s is seen as an attractive platform for prospective
agencies now grade the Lloyd’s market at AA- or equivalent,
syndicates. Our framework has permitted 10 new syndicates
the highest ratings Lloyd's has ever achieved.
to enter the market, that wrote a combined GWP of £281m in
2024. Ranging in size, appetite and strategy, the new entrants 2024 also saw the evolution of our London Bridge 2 vehicle
have evidenced strong capabilities, and are complementary to with 19 established cells, through which $1.9bn of capital has
our existing syndicate mix. been deployed to support underwriting in 2024 and 2025, and
$2.6bn committed from institutional investors.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 12

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Performance highlights
£55.5bn 86.9% £9.6bn
gross written premium combined ratio profit before tax
(2023: £52.1bn) (2023: 84.0%) (2023: £10.7bn)
Eight Lloyd’s managing agents are now actively utilising the • Managing volatility and aggregation to protect the Central
London Bridge platform, with ten new institutional investors Fund by ensuring the market is identifying and responding
supporting risks underwritten in the Lloyd’s market. to emerging and systemic risks across all classes.
• Managing peak catastrophe exposure through an
London Bridge provides an access point for qualifying
expanded catastrophe model which takes in new
institutional investors, to deploy funds in a tax transparent
geographies and perils (moving from Lloyd's Catastrophe
way into the Lloyd’s market. Lloyd’s members and managing
Model 5 to Lloyd's Catastrophe Model 9).
agents can use the vehicle to manage their capital and risk
• Focusing on classes where we believe there are current
management requirements by attracting new sources of
and upcoming challenges to rate adequacy, ensuring
capital and reinsurance protection.
managing agents are responding to loss trends and inflation
Allied to this, our first Capital Markets Day event, in June values.
2024, was well attended by market participants and
In addition, Lloyd's will be focusing on the transition of our
institutional investors.
Claims Management principle, under our oversight framework,
Looking to 2025 to put more emphasis on claims and their value within the
Principles-based oversight remains at the centre of how we business, which will come into effect at the start of 2026.
regulate the market, enabling the best performers to thrive Our ambition remains to attract and retain the best
at Lloyd’s. Our continued focus remains on ensuring top- underwriting businesses to the Lloyd’s market. Opportunities
quartile, sustainable performance. to employ the unique strategic advantages of the Lloyd’s
From an underwriting perspective our key focus areas model in traditional and innovative new market opportunities
will include: are abundant.
Read more about our performance in the Market Results
section on pages 26-33.
Performance in action:
Combined ratio over last five years
110.3% 93.5% 91.9% 84.0% 86.9%
120.0%
105.0% 13.3%
90.0% 37.2% 35.5% 34.4%
34.4%
34.4%
75.0%
60.0%
9.7% 11.2% 12.7%
3.5% 7.8%
45.0% 51.9%
48.9% 48.4% 48.3% 47.1%
30.0%
15.0%
(1.8)% (2.1)% (3.6)% (2.2)% (2.4)%
0.0%
FY2020¹ FY2021 FY2022 FY2023 FY2024
Attritional loss ratio Major claims ratio Expense ratio
COVID-19 related major claims Prior year movements 5 year average combined ratio
1. 2020 combined ratio and major claims ratio include COVID-19. 2020 combined ratio excluding COVID-19 is 97.0%.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 13

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Our strategic priorities
Digitalisation
Together with market participants, associations and vendors, we're
delivering a modern, efficient and data-driven marketplace through
the development and adoption of new technologies and process
improvements outlined in Blueprint Two and other programmes.
Digitalisation is essential to maintaining our This forms part of a revised cutover governance and
regulatory framework, including detailing the plan for
market’s relevance in a changing, digital
submission of the Material Outsourcing Notification (MON) to
world. The decision in 2024 to postpone
the regulators by Lloyd’s on behalf of the market, and the
the cutover to the new digital processing signing of the Digital Processing Services Agreement (DPSA)
services, Blueprint Two, was a hard and termination letter.
decision but the right one. Alongside the management changes, the programme
announced an updated, transparent operating model to
Lloyd's remains committed to digitalisation delivering better provide end-to-end visibility for swifter risk mitigation and to
products and services to the market and capital providers assist programme delivery. Velonetic also increased capacity
whilst raising efficiency and reducing costs. across the delivery team, built contingency into the re-plan,
introduced a separate vendor testing workstream, and more
2024 ended with new leadership of the Blueprint Two
closely aligned the build sequences to business scenarios.
programme, a robust and transparent governance and
operating model to enable clear and realistic plans and Quality assurance for both Velonetic and Lloyd’s is now
timelines. Our commitment remains to cutover to phase one consolidated under an external quality assurance partner,
digital services, firstly, when it is safe to do so; secondly, when with streamlined reporting lines across the holistic
we are confident in the technology build and test; and thirdly, programme. A new Transformation Management Office
when a robust cutover, rollback and contingency plan is in place. (TMO) was stood up, including representatives from all
Velonetic shareholders as well as the Lloyd’s Market
The delays to the programme announced in 2024 followed
Association (LMA) and London & International Insurance
feedback from market participants and market associations.
Brokers Association (LIIBA).
This included concerns relating to delays with the Vanguard
early adoption programme, and the time available to both Throughout 2024, tailored sessions for market chief
understand testing evidence and complete testing. Another operating officers, chief risk officers and vendors were held;
factor is the sheer complexity of the existing platform and a as well as issuing regular market progress reports and holding
lack of documented processes. more than 2,200 face-to-face meetings on the digitalisation
agenda. A virtual data room was launched to store all key
Blueprint Two in 2024
artefacts required for governance, including testing reports,
In August 2024, the shareholders and Board of Velonetic (the
market survey results and a readiness white paper. The
joint venture partnership between DXC Technology, the
market will be updated with adoption and onboarding guides
International Underwriting Association (IUA) and Lloyd’s)
in 2025.
announced the appointment of Bob James as Chief Executive
Officer of Velonetic, previously known as the London Market Making it simpler to do business at Lloyd's
Joint Ventures, and Callum Gibson as its Chief Operating Progress has been made on our wider goal of making the
Officer. These changes have provided integrated leadership market a simpler and more efficient place to do business,
across Velonetic, DXC and Lloyd’s, with support from the IUA. including rolling out new financial reporting and reserve
There is a joint commitment to continue to build transparency reporting for year-end 2024 across two returns: Quarterly
on delivery across the tech build, testing, and quality Monitoring Return Part A (QMA) and Technical Provisions Data
assurance together with market engagement and readiness. return (TPD).
In December, Velonetic stood up a third-party resource to Both these initiatives were designed to rationalise our
help create a stronger, systematic and robust approach to reporting and data processes and reduce the burden on the
testing, with a revised framework to de-risk the testing market:
programme. A heritage services exit plan was announced to
• Ensuring our requirements are market standard
facilitate a smooth cutover and transition to the new Digital
• Using capabilities and structures that already exist within
Processing Services (DPS) from the pre-existing systems.
the market
• Improving the user experiences for managing agents.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 14

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Digitalisation highlights
2,200+ 6,000+ 1,700
meetings with market participants attendees across our market readiness survey responses
and 18 major stakeholder events events
Rollout began towards the end of 2024 and will continue In summary, we made progress during 2024 on addressing
during 2025. This significant step marks the beginning of our the complexity burden on the market and driving efficiency,
work to simplify reporting at Lloyd’s, with further initiatives despite the delay on Blueprint Two. We will continue to work
planned. with the market to deliver a safe cutover to the new digital
services, and more broadly enhance technology, process and
Our Faster Claims Payment initiative continued to improve
capability to make it easier to do business with Lloyd’s.
claims handling in 2024, with over 37,000 claims totalling
£165m processed.
Read more about digitalisation at Lloyd’s at www.lloyds.com
Digitalisation in action:
Supporting adoption of Blueprint Two
Adoption Data room Blueprint Progress Vanguard Market
guide Two website report programme events
Iterative guide Interactive spaces Portal for market Regular updates Sharing experiences Ongoing events
with the latest to hold artefacts that centralising all details on Lloyd's progress in and insights from to share key
information on the key will support and adoption delivering the early adopters. information and
people, process and governance and will artefacts in one place. solutions outlined in actions required
technology changes. help market Blueprint Two. to adopt the new
participants perform. digital services.
Supported by an experienced, collaborative Blueprint Two engagement and relationship team
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 15

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Our strategic priorities
Purpose
Lloyd's purpose - sharing risk to create a braver world - means
considering our impact on society by helping create a more
sustainable, resilient and inclusive world.
The world in 2024 continued to face the In September 2024, the announcement that the Lloyd's Lab
cohort 13 would be the first to work on resilience in the Middle
consequences of a changing climate as
East and Africa, with the selected InsurTechs developing
well as political and economic volatility. A
solutions to enhance resilience against notable risks prevalent
significant proportion of our key markets in these regions.
went to the polls. The global insurance
This was one of a number of partnerships created or solidified
industry plays an important role in in 2024, demonstrating how Lloyd’s is able to use its
removing some of this uncertainty and convening power to reduce risk.
restoring the confidence needed to Since 2021, Lloyd’s has chaired the Sustainable Markets
support economic growth. Initiative’s (SMI) Insurance Task Force (ITF). In 2024, the ITF
made progress in building resilience for vulnerable
In addition to providing insurance solutions, Lloyd’s has communities and working to close protection gaps, ensuring a
published studies, developed partnerships and hosted events safer and more secure future for all. During the
designed to increase understanding of risk and promote its Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting, Lloyd’s
mitigation. It is in our interest, as well as that of broader announced a pioneering disaster resilience vehicle with the
society, to use our knowledge and influence to drive risk United Nations Capital Development Fund to increase
reducing behaviour and also to encourage positive steps to disaster risk financing to Small Island Developing States in the
promote sustainability and support the transition. Our Pacific. The Global Disaster Resilience Vehicle was developed
Sustainability Report sets out our strategy of building a as part of the ITF’s commitment made at COP26 to drive
sustainable, resilient and inclusive marketplace. tangible action to support the resilience of climate vulnerable
countries.
Tackling extreme and emerging risks
During New York Climate Week, we marked 25 years of
Our research platform, Futureset, published 13 new pieces of
partnership with World Bank Group’s Multilateral Investment
insight during 2024, including four scenarios as part of our
Guarantee Agency (MIGA). The reinsurance provided by the
systemic risk series with the Cambridge Centre for Risk
Lloyd’s market allows MIGA to leverage its investment
Studies exploring the potential economic impact of some of
guarantee capacity, enabling investors to secure larger levels
the most critical risks facing society, such as pandemic,
of coverage for projects, many of which have advanced
geopolitical conflict and economic stagnation, and the role of
climate change mitigation and adaptation efforts in
insurance in building greater resilience across society.
developing countries.
Our accelerator InsurTech programme, in the Lloyd’s Lab,
Insurance solutions
hosted two new cohorts to develop insurance solutions using
new technologies. These focused on the Middle East and Lloyd's is committed and prepared to support the emerging
Africa as well as the Americas and with an emphasis on the risk landscape of a digital world and one which is dealing with
use of data analytics in the Lloyd’s market, and introducing a changing climate. To this end, in 2023, we created a
new processes to enhance operational efficiency across our business class (ICX) to support innovation and enable capital
market. Applications for a new cohort are centered on to flow more easily to meet the opportunities of a heightened
reinsurance and working with the Bermuda market as well as risk landscape.
Lloyd’s market.
In 2024, the allowance for ICX increased from 2% to 5% of
Partnership syndicate business forecast gross written premium, and a
sister class (TCX) was introduced, with a further ringfenced
Lloyd's Lab’s engagement with Bermuda followed the signing
allowance of an additional 5% of the syndicate's forecast
of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Lloyd’s
premium. These classes will make it easier for market players
and the Bermuda Monetary Authority in March 2024. Through
to experiment in developing new products to support both
the MoU, Lloyd's committed to working collaboratively and
innovation and, in terms of TCX, to support the transition
sharing knowledge and expertise across the international
without having to compete internally for capacity or impacting
insurance market. Lloyd's Academy and the Dubai
their performance-based oversight. In addition, in July 2024,
International Financial Centre signed an MoU in November
version 2.0 of the Insuring the Transition roadmap was
2024 (announced in January 2025) to collaborate and foster
launched, following consultation with the market.
future talent into the insurance industry.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 16

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Purpose highlights
£22bn 9,500 £13.2m
claims paid to global customers by hours of volunteering to fund the International Federation of
our market in the wake of disasters across the market Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies'
in 2024 disaster response costs
Lloyd’s of London Foundation The Foundation's support of the IFRC complements the
In 2024, the Lloyd’s of London Foundation (the Foundation) reinsurance backstop provided by the founding members of
supported 28 charity partnerships across the globe, and the Lloyd’s Disaster Risk Facility to the IFRC’s Disaster
donated a total of £1.6m to good causes. Employees across Response Emergency Fund since 2023.
the Corporation and market contributed over 9,500 hours of Our work through the Foundation, Lloyd’s Lab and Futureset,
volunteering time to activities in their local communities. as well as with partner organisations such as the SMI, UN
The Foundation’s flagship strategic partnerships were agencies and the World Bank, share the ambition of
cemented with homelessness charity The Passage, and the addressing protection gaps, both in terms of reaching
International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent communities which have low levels of insurance penetration
Societies (IFRC). and in terms of developing products to cover areas of risk
which are underinsured because they are new or expanding.
Purpose in action: a sustainable, Read more in our Sustainability
Report available at www.lloyds.com
resilient and inclusive market
Sustainable Resilient Inclusive
Supporting transition and Innovating to build preparedness Supporting pathways to progression
protecting our resources for future and protect what matters most and representation
generations
7% £158m 36%
of Central Fund committed to premium written in the Lloyd's women in market leadership
impact investments (on track to market by Lloyd's Lab alumni positions (+1pp)
meet our target of 10% by the end
of 2025)
£13.2m 25 years 22%
to fund the International of partnership with the World Bank of new hires to the market from
Federation of Red Cross and Red Group Guarantees ethnically diverse backgrounds
Crescent Societies' disaster (+1pp)
response costs
TCX 250+ 28
class of business introduced to private sector CEOs engaged charities supported
support the market to insure the through the Sustainable Markets
transition Initiative
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 17

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Our strategic priorities
Culture
We've successfully delivered our year two priorities for the
Corporation's new culture strategy, whilst seeing our market make
good progress in building a diverse and inclusive culture.
Lloyd’s is committed to building an Following the launch of the Inclusive Futures Programme, to
help Black and ethnically diverse individuals progress from
inclusive and high-performance culture in
classroom to boardroom, we announced in July 2024 a
the market and Corporation. We want our
coalition of nine leading Lloyd’s market firms and three
market and industry to reflect the trusted delivery partners who will deliver the programme’s
communities we are a part of. three flagship initiatives: higher education bursaries, an early
careers talent pool and a board-level talent pool.
Having met the ambition last year, the market continued to
During 2024, we saw the first impacts of this programme to
improve on gender balance. Our Markets Practices and
over 1500 students including:
Policies return (MP&P) for 2024 showed that the Lloyd's
market reached 36% of women in leadership positions, a rise • the first bursary cohort of 20 scholars
of 1pp year on year. Over half of the market firms surveyed • over 2500 ethnically diverse hires
met or exceeded Lloyd's gender goal; a rise of 8pp. The • eight early careers hires from the talent pool
market continued to make progress, with 22% of new hires • the start of a school engagement programme
coming from ethnically diverse backgrounds, a rise of 1pp,
Also in July, we invested $50m with the African Development
year on year.
Bank and the Inter-American Development Bank to support
This means that in 2024, there were 266 more women in global projects aimed at reducing inequality.
leadership positions and 170 more leaders who disclosed an
Engagement with the market was strengthened with the
ethnically diverse background. Research has shown that a
development of new culture oversight principles.
broad talent base on executive teams strengthens the
likelihood of financial outperformance over time. 78% of A decade of Dive In and other events
market firms participated in market-wide outreach to attract In September, Lloyd's marked the tenth anniversary of our
talent to careers in insurance. For the Corporation's culture Dive In Festival, which celebrates diversity and inclusion as a
metrics, please refer to the Sustainability Report. critical factor for long-term success. The festival took place in
a record 46 countries including several (Greece, Belgium,
Culture upskilling programme
Namibia, the Philippines and Malaysia) for the first time.
Lloyd's utilises insights from the MP&P, as well as the market
oversight process, to support the market in further developing A commitment made through our Inclusive Futures
inclusive and high performing cultures via our market Programme, was to hold an annual series of lectures,
upskilling programme. The programme had over 700 featuring diversity and history experts named after our first
participants in 2024 and delivered workshops, roundtables Black broker to work in the Lloyd’s market, David Flint. The
and webinars on topics such as: inaugural Flint lecture was held in the Underwriting Room in
the Lloyd's building in London. The lecture featured historian
• Inclusive recruitment
David Olusoga and Dr Alexandre White from Black Beyond
• Talent and succession
Data as key speakers and was well attended.
• Inclusive procurement and supplier diversity
• Social mobility and digital accessibility Lloyd's work on the Diversity and Inclusion (D&I) agenda
continued to be recognised in 2024. Inclusive Futures won
The culture upskilling programme was further supported by
the VERCIDA D&I Initiative of the year award for 2024 and
published toolkits on the topics on talent and succession and
Lloyd’s was awarded Silver level Trailblazer status by Race
inclusive recruitment.
Equality Matters, also for our Inclusive Futures Programme.
The culture upskilling programme helps firms in the market to
Lloyd's retained Clear Assured Gold status and were awarded
improve practices which support individual, team and
Gold Status for Armed Forces Covenant and were a top 100
organisational performance.
for Employers of Veterans as well as a top 75 Employer on
Delivering against our culture strategy the Social Mobility Index. We also retained our Disability
Confident Leader status.
In 2024, the Corporation was in the second year of its culture
strategy. While these results in 2024 are encouraging, there remains
much to do.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 18

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Culture highlights
36% 22% 45,000
women in leadership ethnically diverse hiring in people attending tenth
positions in the market the market annual Dive In Festival
Look ahead to 2025
While these results in 2024 are encouraging, there remains Lloyd's remains focused on facilitating a high-performance
much to do. culture that attracts the best and brightest from all
backgrounds, geographies and demographics; with
In 2025 our priorities will include developing a deeper
programmes designed to reach talent already in our industry
understanding of the underwriting talent pipeline, while
and to attract talent that may not naturally find their way into
continuing to embed the new culture oversight principles.
insurance.
Read more about the culture at Lloyd’s at www.lloyds.com
Culture in action: Read more in our 2024 Sustainability
report (available at www.lloyds.com)
A high performance and inclusive market,
attracting and retaining talent
Women in leadership roles Ethnically diverse leaders
36% 12%
of women in leadership positions within the of ethnically diverse leaders within the market
market workforce, equivalent to 266 additional workforce, equivalent to 170 more ethnically
women leaders (+1%) diverse people in leadership positions (+3%)
Women in the market Ethnically diverse hires
44% 22%
of the market workforce are women (+1%) of new hires to the market came from ethnically
diverse backgrounds (+1%)
Advocacy is high Attracting talent to insurance
84% 78%
of employees in the Lloyd's market would of firms participated in outreach to attract
recommend their organisation as a great place talent to careers in insurance, a key focus to
to work (+15% vs Financial Services ensure the market has the talent it needs to
benchmark) thrive
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 19

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Principal risks
Lloyd's continues to identify, manage and monitor the principal risk themes which could
have a significant impact on Lloyd’s strategy, and the actions we need to take to mitigate
these risks.
The changing and evolving external landscape poses significant uncertainty, and unexpected events can become significant
risks. Our principal risks are a subset of risks from our taxonomy, which have been identified as risks that are most likely to
affect Lloyd's strategic objectives, performance, financial strength, operations or reputation over the next 12 months. The risk
areas are being actively monitored by the Lloyd’s Risk Committee and the Council to provide assurance that risks, issues and
impacts are appropriately managed.
Key: Strategic priorities
Performance Digitalisation Purpose Culture
Risk Mitigation
Sustainable market performance
Risk that Lloyd’s Sustainable market performance was the focus for the 2025 business planning process which took
businesses suffer place against the backdrop of expected elevated catastrophe activity and a complex geopolitical
losses or erode their landscape. While market conditions are beginning to look more challenging relative to recent years,
capital base due to a underlying profitability remains in a strong position. The Market Oversight Plan for 2025 will ensure
failure to respond to continued focus on syndicate capability to deliver profitable results through the underwriting cycle
changing market and the ability to respond to changes in the external environment.
conditions.
Lloyd’s Principles Based Oversight (PBO) framework is a key control in managing risks relating to
changing market conditions. The framework incorporates a wide range of activities that enables
forward-looking and risk-based oversight to be taken to understand and manage the impact of
changing market conditions across different risk areas such as underwriting, reserving, outwards
reinsurance and capital. The framework enables a holistic view of syndicate capability through
syndicate categorisations which acts as a key input to the level of challenge that syndicates are
subject to as part of the planning and ongoing performance management process.
Geopolitical volatility
Risk that Lloyd’s Ongoing global conflicts and elections continue to be actively monitored by Lloyd’s to ensure that
businesses suffer risks, issues and impacts are appropriately managed as the situation evolves.
losses and operational
We continue to work closely with the market to monitor claims development and reserve adequacy,
disruption as a result of
and our industry continues to work closely with governments and regulators across the world to
changing geopolitical
monitor and ensure we interpret and enact sanctions requirements, together with other legal and
pressures and global
regulatory obligations, appropriately.
events.
Lloyd’s conducts regular scenario analysis, asking market participants to assess the potential
impacts of plausible but hypothetical geopolitical situations across areas such as capital, operations
and business continuity.
Macroeconomic uncertainty
Risk that Lloyd’s Although inflation pressure has eased throughout 2024, the macroeconomic environment continues
businesses suffer to be monitored closely as there remains uncertainty and the potential for economic downturn in
losses as a result of the several key economies with potential to slow down global growth momentum.
external
Lloyd’s continues to operate a cross-functional working group to monitor and manage associated
macroeconomic
risks and conduct scenario analysis to stress test Lloyd’s business plan under different scenarios.
challenges, including
high inflation, Management monitors the explicit consideration of the inflation outlook within reserves, pricing and
movements in interest investments by the market, and stress testing continues to take place to demonstrate balance sheet
rates, financial market resilience.
volatility and increased
In addition, the Central Fund investment strategy is being consistently monitored for changes in its
risk of recession.
risk profile.
Further improvements to investment oversight of the market are planned for 2025. This will include
the introduction of a quantitative triaging exercise for identifying market participants most exposed
to investment risk, ensuring that oversight resources are allocated in a risk-based manner.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 20

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Risk Mitigation
Climate change
Risk that Lloyd’s While there is inherent complexity and uncertainty in how the future climate pathway will develop,
businesses suffer Lloyd’s has controls and processes in place to manage and mitigate the insurance risks and
losses and operational exposures as they emerge, including a robust syndicate business plan and capital setting process,
disruption as a result of and an annual review of reserves. Lloyd’s continues to develop its tools to assess and monitor the
physical, transition and impact of climate change across physical risk, transition risk and litigation risk. The risks relating to
climate litigation risks. the increased reporting obligations stemming from developing global regulatory and statutory
requirements around sustainability are also actively managed.
In 2023, Lloyd’s issued a consultation to the market on insuring the transition which proposes
several activities to better understand and monitor climate change risks, including developing
climate key risk indicators (KRIs) and scenario testing. The consultation closed at the end of
January 2024 and version 2.0 of the roadmap was published in July 2024, reflecting feedback from
the market. The roadmap highlights market-leading practice for managing climate-related risks
among stakeholders and outlines tangible actions to help market participants develop their
sustainability strategies.
Blueprint Two
Risk that Lloyd’s Digitalising the Lloyd’s market is essential to deliver a more resilient, efficient and future-proofed
businesses suffer technology platform in an evolving, digital world. While progress continues to be made through the
losses and operational Blueprint Two programme, the priority for Lloyd’s and Velonetic is to deliver a safe cutover to phase
disruption as a result of one of the new digital services for market participants.
an unsuccessful
The planned cutover was postponed in 2024 and action taken to de-risk the programme through
cutover to a new
new leadership, robust and transparent governance, and revised plans and timelines.
platform.
Velonetic and Lloyd’s, with input from the market associations, have developed a clear and realistic
approach and testing schedule, setting out the key activities that will contribute to a safe and
successful cutover. Quality assurance for Velonetic and Lloyd’s has been consolidated under one
partner, with streamlined reporting lines across the programme.
Lloyd’s continues to engage with key stakeholders; hosting tailored sessions, face to face meetings
and providing regular progress reports. A virtual data room has been developed to store key
documents required for governance, including testing reports. Market engagement will continue in
2025 with updates and support to be provided on adoption and onboarding.
Blueprint Two remains a focus for risk monitoring in 2025. To manage execution risks around the
programme, extensive risk and assurance programmes continue to operate, covering technical
delivery, process delivery, market readiness and Corporation readiness.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 21

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Principal risks continued
Risk Mitigation
Operational resilience and evolving cyber security threats
Risk that Lloyd’s The risk environment continues to develop as persistent threats from the possibility of major or
businesses suffer systemic cyber or other operational events continue to endure.
losses and operational
As businesses become more connected and reliant on a number of material service providers, and
disruption as a result of
technologies like AI and machine learning become more sophisticated, risk management remains
not maintaining robust
fundamental to ensure continuity of operations in the face of material service disruption. Increasing
and resilient operations,
scrutiny from regulatory authorities continues to be applied to material relationships entered into by
embedding cyber
businesses.
resilience, data
capability and effective The Corporation completed its annual self-assessment of its Operational Resilience Framework and
third party risk Important Business Services with pertinent mitigation identified. The Corporation is progressing a
management. series of change programmes to make it easier to do business at Lloyd’s; maintaining operational
resilience during this period of change is a focus for management and supported by a change
management framework which continues to be enhanced. Governance and assurance programmes
exist to ensure risks are identified and understood, with risk opinions provided to support key
decisions.
The levels of operational resilience in managing agents and the risk of disruption to these firms from
material third party arrangements, shared service providers or other operational events remain the
responsibility of the managing agents, and this continues to be assessed by the Corporation
through our principles-based oversight framework.
Talent, people and culture
Risk that Lloyd’s fails to Rapidly developing technology and shifting demographics are changing the nature of the global
deliver its strategic workforce – and employees’ expectations of employers. Strong competition has developed for
objectives as a result of attracting and retaining the best talent, particularly where specialist skills are required.
failing to attract and
Lloyd’s aim is for our marketplace to be a global destination for diverse and highly skilled talent.
retain diverse and
Creating a diverse, inclusive and collaborative culture is therefore essential in attracting this talent
skilled talent.
and ensuring high performance at the Corporation and across our market. Culture is a key oversight
principle for managing agents, who are held to account for meeting culture expectations.
We continue to support these goals through a range of initiatives such as ambitions for ethnic
minority hiring and women in leadership, development programmes for diverse leaders, the Inclusive
Futures programme of initiatives, best practice workshops for market participants, Corporation and
market wide culture surveys and partnering with charities working to promote social mobility, racial
equality and economic opportunity across the communities we operate in. The annual Market
Policies and Practices return is used to assess progress across the Lloyd’s culture commitments of
leadership, behaviour and speaking up.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 22

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Emerging risks
The Corporation continues to closely monitor emerging risks to understand potential
impacts to the risk profile. The control environment has been enhanced over the last
year to support improved understanding of highest priority emerging risks.
Emerging risks have the potential to significantly impact the Lloyd’s market and Corporation in the future but there is a high
degree of uncertainty as to how and/or when the risk will crystallise. These risks are typically new or evolving due to external
factors such as changes in technology, environment, society or regulations.
Our emerging risk management process ensures we continue to review and monitor developments with emerging risks. This
includes a regular working group to review and assess emerging risks and Council-level reviews of emerging risks through
regular management and risk reporting.
Theme Impact on risk profile
Climate change
Climate change may lead to risks emerging over different time horizons with impacts across the risk profile.
Physical risk impacts need regular monitoring in respect of underwriting risk, our position on sustainability
matters may lead to brand implications and there is increasing compliance risk due to focus on regulating
climate and sustainability. Over the longer term, there is capital, reserving and investments risk as we
transition to a greener economy.
Technology
Technology risks have increased over the last year, particularly with the proliferation of artificial intelligence
and increased reliance on big tech. This may change the nature of cyber underwriting risk with the likelihood
and severity of cyber-attacks and service outages due to concentration risk of service providers making it
more challenging to appropriately maintain digital and operational resilience.
Geopolitical and macroeconomic interdependencies
Geopolitical and macroeconomic interdependencies have been brought into sharp focus with a push towards
deglobalisation by some countries. The Ukraine conflict continues, and tensions are heightened in the Middle
East. Whilst macroeconomic uncertainty has reduced, supply chain complexity may quickly link geopolitical
events to a return to high inflation and potential economic downturn. An unpredictable political landscape will
have large impacts on the macroeconomic environment over differing time horizons. This could be further
compounded by growth disparities and differing central bank stances on interest rates between major global
economies. Such divergence, compounded by heightened geopolitical risk, could also exacerbate regional
inequalities and challenge coordinated policy responses to global economic shocks.
Insurance talent
Insurance talent is a key lever for a successful Lloyd's. At present, there is a skills shortage which is making
recruitment challenging, especially for technical roles relating to new or emerging areas (eg cyber). There are
also longer-term concerns that insurance is not sufficiently attracting future talent to form a sustainable talent
pipeline to lead and innovate the industry going forwards.
High priority emerging risks
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 23

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Market
Results
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 24

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Market financial review 26
Statement of Council’s responsibilities 34
Report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to the Council 35
on the 2024 Pro Forma Financial Statements
Pro Forma Profit and Loss Account 36
Pro Forma Statement of Comprehensive Income 37
Pro Forma Balance Sheet 38
Pro Forma Statement of Cash Flows 39
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements 40
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 25

Financial highlights
Gross written premium Underwriting result Result before tax
£55,546m £5,314m £9,626m
£35,466m
£39,216m
£46,705m
£52,149m
£55,546m
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
£(2,676)m
£1,741m
£2,641m
£5,910m
£5,314m
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
£(887)m
£2,277m
£(769)m
£10,663m
£9,626m
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
Combined ratio1 Underlying combined ratio1 Return on investment1
86.9% 79.1% 4.7%
110.3%
93.5% 91.9% 84.0% 86.9%
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
87.3% 82.3% 79.2% 80.5% 79.1%
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
2.9% 1.2%
(3.5)%
5.4% 4.7%
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
The Pro Forma Financial Capital, reserves and
Statements (PFFS) are prepared subordinated loan notes
so that the financial results and net
£47,149m
assets of Lloyd’s and its members
taken together, can be compared
as closely as possible with general
insurance companies. The PFFS
include the aggregate of syndicate
annual accounts (Aggregate
Accounts), members’ funds at
Lloyd’s (FAL), the Society of Lloyd’s
financial statements and any
central adjustments. Further
information concerning the basis of
preparation of the PFFS is set out
on pages 40 to 43.
£33,941m
£36,553m
£40,205m
£45,269m
£47,149m
Return on capital1
21.0%
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
(2.8)%
6.6%
(2.0)%
25.3%
21.0%
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Market financial review
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
1. The combined ratio, underlying combined ratio, return on investment and return on capital are metrics that are consistently used to analyse financial
performance in the Lloyd’s market results and/or in the Society report. These metrics (wherever used in this Annual Report) are alternative
performance measures (APMs), with further information available on pages 166 and 167.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 26

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Market results Returns across asset classes were mostly positive in 2024,
In 2024, the Lloyd’s market delivered a strong performance, supported by numerous major developed market central
reporting an underwriting result of £5,314m with a combined banks cutting their policy rates over the year. However, the
ratio of 86.9% (2023: underwriting result of £5,910m with a path to lower base rates began later than expected in the
combined ratio of 84.0%). This demonstrates the continuation year and the magnitude of cuts was lower than expected at
of sustained underwriting discipline despite an increase in the start of the year.
major claims experience in the 12 month period. The robust Economic growth was better than expected in the US but
underwriting performance was further supported by an differed across geography. Geopolitical events remained high
investment return of £4,914m (2023: £5,310m). on the agenda, including a slew of elections globally, rising
Foreign exchange movements resulted in a loss of £(124)m tensions in the Middle East and political uncertainty in Europe.
(2023: £(134)m loss) and net non-technical expenses This meant that the journey of investment returns during the
increased to £478m (2023: £423m), resulting in an overall year was not smooth, exhibiting numerous ups and downs.
profit before tax of £9,626m (2023: £10,663m). Global equities were the stand-out asset class, producing
back-to-back years of strong returns. In the US, the S&P
Underwriting result
index generated a high return of 25%, propelled by mega cap
In 2024, the market's gross written premium increased by
technology companies and ongoing optimism surrounding
6.5%, primarily driven by an 8.5% volume growth (7.6%
artificial intelligence, plus the possibility of deregulation
growth from existing syndicates and 0.9% from new
following the US election. The US dollar’s performance was
syndicates), reflecting Lloyd's and the market's commitment
also strong, surging in the last quarter of the year, as US
to attracting new business and retaining existing customers
exceptionalism gathered momentum following the change in
while maintaining quality underwriting. The market saw
administration; as well as both rates and growth remaining
continued risk-adjusted price increases on renewal business
high. This resulted in the dollar index returning 7.1% in 2024.
across most classes, marking the 28th consecutive quarter of
Credit, particularly High Yield, benefited from spread
positive price movement in Q4. However, momentum slowed,
reductions (driving price increases for assets already in the
with price changes contributing only 0.3% to the 6.5%
portfolio), with levels moving to decade lows within developed
premium growth. The positive impact of rate and volume was
markets. This was helped by improved investor risk appetite
partially offset in the period by adverse foreign exchange
and attractive all-in yields. However, sovereign returns were
movements of (2.3)%.
both volatile and muted in 2024, particularly for longer
The market reported an underwriting result of £5,314m, driven duration bonds. This was despite central banks cutting their
by the continued realisation of benefits from the market’s policy rates, as inflation, although lower, appeared sticky by
strong underwriting action, led by the Property and the year end. Fiscal concerns also remain a key concern,
Reinsurance segments in particular, partially offset by less resulting in the number of rate-cuts in 2025 being scaled
attractive conditions in some areas of Casualty and Aviation. back.
The combined ratio deteriorated by 2.9 percentage points Balance sheet strength
(pp) to 86.9% compared to the previous year. Prior year The Lloyd’s market continues to be strongly capitalised with
releases benefited the combined ratio by 2.4% (2023: 2.2%), total capital, reserves and subordinated loan notes of
with releases reported across most lines of business. £47,149m at 31 December 2024, a 4.2% increase from the
The major claims ratio increased to 7.8% (2023: 3.5%) due to £45,269m reported at 31 December 2023.
significant events including Hurricane Milton, Hurricane The central solvency ratio has reduced from 503% at
Helene and the Dali Baltimore Bridge collision, resulting in 31 December 2023 to 435% at 31 December 2024. This is
major losses of £3,169m (2023: £1,283m). Excluding major primarily driven by an increase in the central SCR offset by
claims and catastrophe events, our underlying combined ratio positive movements in the Society Own Funds, after taking
improved by 1.4pp at 79.1% (2023: 80.5%). into account the repayment of the first tranche of syndicate
The expense ratio has remained steady at 34.4% (2023: loans and 2024 subordinated debt.
34.4%), with the acquisition expense ratio at 22.6% (2023: The market-wide solvency ratio has decreased from 207% at
22.6%) and the operating expense ratio at 11.8% (2023: 31 December 2023 to 205% at 31 December 2024. This is
11.8%). due to an increase in the market-wide SCR partially offset by
an increase in members’ balances, driven by continued strong
Investment review
profitability.
The market reported net investment gains of £4,914m in
2024, representing a positive return on investment of 4.7% The central SCR has increased from 31 December 2023 by
(2023: £5,310m, 5.4%), with the portfolio benefiting from £200m to £1,400m, driven by the growth in the market and
another year of higher interest rates. underlying US dollar movements against sterling. These
factors are also driving the increase in the market-wide SCR
Investment income increased to £4,152m (2023: £3,856m),
to £25,600m, an increase of £2,450m since 31 December
with mark-to-market losses from fourth quarter market
2023.
volatility driving the reduction in investment returns compared
to the prior year.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 27

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Market financial review continued
Premium Contributors to combined ratio
As in previous years, syndicates which have a proven track 2024 Combined ratio (%)
record of producing sustainable profit are given greater
business plan flexibility, including to grow their business.
81.5 %
Gross written premium increased by £3,397m to £55,546m in 7.8%
(2.4)%
86.9%
2024. Reinsurance and Property remained the primary drivers 11.8%
of premium growth, with increases of £1,391m and £1,126m
22.6%
respectively, though most lines of business experienced
growth during 2024.
US dollar-denominated business continues to account for the 47.1%
majority of business written in the Lloyd’s market. However, a
relatively weaker average rate over the year resulted in
foreign exchange having an adverse impact on premiums year
on year of (2.3)%.
Attritional loss ratio Accident year¹ Major claims Prior year Calendar year
excl. major movements
The attritional loss ratio1 improved 1.2pp to 47.1%
claims
(2023: 48.3%), reflecting consistent underwriting discipline.
Prior year development 2023 Combined ratio (%)
2024 marked the 19th consecutive year of prior year
releases1, with the current year benefiting from releases
82.7 %
amounting to 2.4% (2023: 2.2%).
3.5 % (2.2)%
Direct Casualty lines benefited from favourable prior year 11.8 % 84.0 %
developments in classes such as Cyber and Directors & 22.6 %
Officers. While Reinsurance lines released overall, Casualty
related reinsurance experienced strengthening, primarily
driven by adverse claims developments and strengthening of 48.3 %
reserving assumptions.
Lloyd’s will continue to monitor reserves closely and act to
ensure that adequate market discipline is being maintained –
particularly focusing on the adequacy of casualty reserves,
including allowance for social inflation and changes in the Accident year¹ Major claims Prior year Calendar year
macroeconomic environment. excl. major movements
claims
Major claims
Major claims for the market were £3,169m in 2024 (2023: n
£1,283m), net of reinsurance and including reinstatements Attritional ratio
payable and receivable. n
Acquisition expense ratio
Major losses arising from events such as Hurricane Milton, n
Admin expense ratio
Hurricane Helene and Hurricane Beryl and the Dali Baltimore
Bridge collision drove the major claims ratio1 for 2024 up to 1. The accident year ratio, underlying combined ratio, attritional loss
ratio, prior year release ratio and expense ratio are metrics that are
7.8% from 3.5% in the prior year.
consistently used to analyse financial performance in the Lloyd’s
market results and/or in the Society report. These metrics (wherever
While uncertainty remains in respect of losses from Ukraine,
used in this Annual Report) are alternative performance measures
overall this continues to be a manageable event for the (APMs), with further information available on pages 166 and 167.
market. Since the end of 2023, there have been significant
increases in the allowance for the Ukraine conflict in reserves,
Major claims and underlying combined ratio
primarily driven by ultimate loss estimate increases for
Aviation losses, partially offset by decreases in Marine and % of net
earned
Political Risk classes due to expiry of risk. The increases in
Major claims premium Underlying combined ratio %
Aviation estimates are driven by revised assumptions around 2020 23.0 2020 87.3
the best estimate, informed by recent settlements. The claims
2021 11.2 2021 82.3
incurred but not reported (IBNR) component represents 73%
2022 12.7 2022 79.2
of the loss (2023: 78%). Lloyd’s will continue to monitor this
2023 3.5 2023 80.5
loss throughout 2025.
2024 7.8 2024 79.1
Five year average 10.8 Five year average 83.7
Ten year average 10.6 Ten year average 88.8
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 28

Reinsurance protection Result for the closed year and run-off years
The credit quality of the Lloyd’s market’s reinsurance of account
protection remains extremely high, with 99% (2023: 99%) of Under Lloyd’s three-year accounting policy for final
all balance sheet reinsurance recoverables and reinsurance distribution of each underwriting year of account, the 2022
premium ceded being with reinsurers rated A- and above or underwriting year of account reached closure at 31 December
supported by high-quality collateral assets. 2024. The 2022 pure underwriting year suffered losses from
the conflict in Ukraine as well as a number of natural
Reinsurers’ share of claims outstanding remains a material
catastrophic events, including Hurricane Ian, Hurricane Fiona
consideration for Lloyd’s, equivalent to 49.7% of gross written
and the Australian floods.
premium or 62.7% of members’ assets (2023: 51.3% of gross
written premium or 63.5% of members’ assets). Despite these major claim events, the 2022 pure underwriting
year of account reported an underwriting result of £6,731m
The overall reinsurance recoverable asset continues to be
that was partially offset by strengthening from 2021 and prior
lower than the position two years ago, reflecting lower levels
years, which were reinsured to close at the end of 2023,
of catastrophe losses to reinsurance programmes in 2023
amounting to £(357)m. Net expenses of £3,468m were
and 2024 compared to 2022. The broadly stable position over
partially offset by strong investment gains of £2,027m on the
the last 12 months reflects increases in some gross and
2022 underwriting year, and the total result was an overall
ceded reserves for Ukraine losses being offset by a broader
profit of £4,933m (2021 underwriting year profit: £2,783m).
trend of reserve reduction and settlement of outstanding
claims on other prior year losses. No negative settlement At the beginning of 2024, there were five syndicates whose
trends have been witnessed to date. 2018, 2020 or 2021 underwriting years remained open. These
run-off years reported an aggregate loss, including
2024 saw a transition from a reinsurance market that was
investment return, of £48m (2023: loss of £7m). There were
generally still rising or flat at the start of the year to one that
five syndicates whose 2018/2020/2021 underwriting years
was broadly falling overall by the end of the year, and the
remained open post 31 December 2024. The total number of
marginal reduction in spend reflects some continued focus on
open underwriting years at 1 January 2025 is five.
core needs, tail risk and capital protection in order to offset
the cost of reinsurance rate increases in 2023 and to a lesser
Prior year reserve movement % of net Years of account in run-off Number of
degree at 1 January 2024. In general, structural changes were earned years
premium
fairly modest in 2024 and the level of reinsurance transfer
2020 (1.8) 2020 9
remains within risk appetite.
2021 (2.1) 2021 9
2022 (3.6) 2022 9
2023 (2.2) 2023 5
2024 (2.4) 2024 5
Lloyd’s major losses: net ultimate claims (£m)
9002
604
0102
505,2
1102
441,5
2102
689,1
3102
149
4102
117
5102
767
6102
741,2
7102
056,4
8102
609,2
9102
608,1
0202
769,5
1202
989,2
2202
411,4
3202
382,1
4202
961,3
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Five year average: £3,939m; 15 year average: £3,281m. Indexed for inflation to 2024. Claims in foreign currency are translated at the exchange rates
prevailing at the date of loss.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 29

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Market financial review continued
Line of business:
Reinsurance – Property Reinsurance – Casualty
Property catastrophe excess of loss represents the largest Non-marine liability excess of loss represents the largest
class in this line. Other key sectors include property class in this line.
facultative, property risk excess and property pro-rata.
Reinsurance – Property 2024 2023 Reinsurance – Casualty 2024 2023
Gross written premium (£m) 9,894 8,625 Gross written premium (£m) 5,158 5,211
Accident year ratio (%) 83.8 79.6 Accident year ratio (%) 94.0 83.2
Prior year movement (%) (8.6) (6.8) Prior year movement (%) 3.8 6.8
Combined ratio (%) 75.2 72.8 Combined ratio (%) 97.8 90.0
Underwriting result (£m) 1,777 1,719 Underwriting result (£m) 87 398
2024 performance 2024 performance
Property reinsurance gross written premium for 2024 was Casualty reinsurance gross written premium for 2024 was
£9,894m (2023: £8,625m), an increase of 14.7%. The line £5,158m (2023: £5,211m), a movement of (1.0)%. The line
reported an accident year ratio of 83.8% (2023: 79.6%), reported an accident year ratio of 94.0% (2023: 83.2%),
representing a 4.2pp deterioration year on year. representing a 10.8pp deterioration year on year. The
accident year deterioration is the result of multiple factors,
The sector continued to experience rate increases as
including a reduction in reinsurance recoveries and lower
reinsurers seek to maintain price adequacy in an inherently
prior year movement in 2024.
volatile class. These rate increases were smaller than those
achieved in 2023 as the market becomes more stable. Price changes in this segment continue to strengthen
Reinsurers remain focused on factors affecting insured following another year of compound rate increases.
losses, including changes in demographics, asset values and
Continued deterioration of pre-2019 back years for casualty
changes in frequency and severity of catastrophe losses. The
classes, particularly experienced by US domestic insurers,
structural changes implemented in 2023, particularly in
has restricted capacity and pushed rating increases further.
respect of attachment points, remain in place.
The market continued to focus on supporting the best
Prior year movement performing accounts, with a strong focus on price adequacy
The prior year movement was a release of (8.6)% (2023: and, in the case of treaty business, ensuring ceding
(6.8)%). Releases are generally expected as claims estimates commissions accurately reflect the exposure being accepted.
for older losses become more certain and margins for
Prior year movement
uncertainty are released.
The prior year movement was a strengthening of 3.8% (2023:
Property reinsurance experienced significant reserve strengthening of 6.8%).
releases during the 2024 financial year. These were primarily
Strengthening was primarily driven by adverse claims
driven by favourable developments on established
developments and strengthening of reserving assumptions in
catastrophe events, such as hurricanes Ian (2022) and Ida
long-tailed classes, including Casualty Treaty and other treaty
(2021), and Typhoon Jebi (2018).
classes. There continues to be increased uncertainty in
Additionally, there were notable releases on non-catastrophe relation to claims inflation, particularly due to factors such as
losses, with benign experience on attritional and large claims legal system abuse.
as risks expire.
Looking ahead
Looking ahead Social inflationary trends, including increasing severity in
Despite a continuation of the profitable conditions awards to claimants in the United States, alongside the
experienced in 2023, heightened loss activity in 2024 has emergence of a similar trend internationally, will continue to
eroded margin. While (re)insurers ability to redeploy profit be the primary focus for the market. Maintaining sustainably
from recent years has led to a slight increase in available profitable portfolios requires underwriters to employ robust
capacity, factors driving increased demand will likely offset cedant selection and ensure premium increases keep pace
this leading to stable pricing conditions. with claims inflation.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 30

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Reinsurance – Specialty Property
Marine reinsurance is the largest sector of the Lloyd’s Property consists of a broad range of risks written worldwide,
specialty reinsurance business, followed by Energy and made up of predominantly excess and surplus lines of business.
Aviation. Coverage includes specialist sectors such as terrorism, power
generation, engineering and nuclear. Delegated authority
arrangements such as coverholder frameworks represent a
high proportion of the distribution mix for this class.
Reinsurance – Specialty 2024 2023 Property 2024 2023
Gross written premium (£m) 3,677 3,502 Gross written premium (£m) 15,893 14,767
Accident year ratio (%) 98.1 77.9 Accident year ratio (%) 87.4 85.2
Prior year movement (%) 8.0 5.6 Prior year movement (%) (5.8) (5.2)
Combined ratio (%) 106.2 83.5 Combined ratio (%) 81.6 80.0
Underwriting result (£m) (165) 433 Underwriting result (£m) 2,051 1,942
2024 performance 2024 performance
Specialty reinsurance gross written premium for 2024 was Property gross written premium for 2024 was £15,893m
£3,677m (2023: £3,502m), an increase of 5.0%. The line (2023: £14,767m), an increase of 7.6%. The line reported an
reported an accident year ratio of 98.1% (2023: 77.9%), accident year ratio of 87.4% (2023: 85.2%), representing a
representing a 20.2pp deterioration year on year. Gross 2.2pp deterioration year on year.
written premium by sector within Specialty Reinsurance was
2024 saw continued profitability for the Property segment
as follows: Marine, Aviation and Transport £2,792m (2023:
with positive price change. The year saw more catastrophic
£2,761m), Energy £856m (2023: £734m) and Life £29m
weather events impacting the insurance market than was the
(2023: £7m).
case in 2023. Despite this the compound rate increases over
Specialty reinsurance experienced a slowing of rate increases several years have protected portfolio profitability in years
despite ongoing challenges with an unpredictable risk with some natural catastrophe activity albeit there isn’t a
environment as well as continued material loss activity, surfeit of margin available to deal with above average natural
including the collision of the vessel Dali with the Francis Scott catastrophe activity. As with the reinsurance segment,
Key Bridge in Baltimore. This led to the deterioration in the catastrophe insurers continue to grapple with increases in
accident year loss ratio. The moderate rating environment insured values, risks being located in high hazard locations,
was against the backdrop of the restructuring of composite claims inflation and changes in overall vulnerability. In terms of
programmes in 2023 which led to a significant risk adjusted the Political Violence and Terrorism segments of the portfolio,
repricing of political violence and terrorism coverage. stabilising conditions for buyers of reinsurance are enabling
stronger alignment between reinsurance programmes and
Prior year movement
inwards business, which mitigates the slowing rating
The prior year movement was a strengthening of 8.0% (2023:
environment.
strengthening of 5.6%).
Prior year movement
This sector is predominantly Marine, Energy, Aviation and
The prior year movement was a release of (5.8)% (2023:
Motor business, written on an excess of loss basis. The
release of (5.2)%). Over the 2024 calendar year, there have
overall strengthening in specialty reinsurance is driven by
been releases driven by favourable developments across
Aviation, particularly due to deterioration in relation to the
various Property lines. These releases were primarily due to
Ukraine conflict. Marine reinsurance lines have also been
benign claims activity and favourable attritional loss
impacted by the Ukraine conflict, but overall favourable
development. There have also been releases in respect of
experience on this class means there is a small release.
COVID-19 reserves.
Energy lines have also deteriorated, driven by several factors
Looking ahead
including specific large losses and experience on upstream
The impact of the wildfires in LA are anticipated to support
activities, while Motor lines have seen benign experience over
the rating environment during 2025 alongside an improved
2024, leading to reserve releases on prior years.
environment for purchasing outwards reinsurance protection,
Looking ahead particularly for those with a strong performance track record.
This class will likely continue to be impacted by ongoing Aggregate appetite for catastrophe exposures, particularly
geopolitical tensions and events globally. Uncertainty in high frequency and hard to model perils, will remain a
respect of regional conflicts, such as those in the Middle East challenge in 2025. The impact of climate change on flood and
and Ukraine, will continue to challenge underwriting in these fire will be a key focus area as syndicates look to ensure
classes. Appropriate management of aggregations as well as plans reflect both modelled past experience and inherent
careful consideration of price, coverage and other terms and uncertainties impacting the future claims environment.
conditions will be important to ensure the long term
sustainability of the class.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 31

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Market financial review continued
Casualty Marine, Aviation and Transport
Casualty business encompasses long tail general liability Marine business encompasses a wide variety of sub-lines
(both international and US), workers’ compensation/ including cargo, hull, marine war, marine liabilities, and specie &
employers’ liability and medical malpractice. Other key fine art. Cargo represents the largest class in this line. Aviation
sectors include shorter tail lines such as accident & health encompasses airline, aerospace, general aviation, space and
as well as the cyber class (both cyber liability and cyber war. Airline (hull and liability) represents the largest class in this
physical damage). line. Other key sectors include general aviation, airport liability,
aviation product manufacturers’ liability, aviation, war/terrorism
and satellite launch and in-orbit risks.
Casualty 2024 2023 Marine, Aviation and Transport 2024 2023
Gross written premium (£m) 13,403 12,991 Gross written premium (£m) 4,507 4,297
Accident year ratio (%) 95.5 99.6 Accident year ratio (%) 92.9 88.2
Prior year movement (%) (4.7) (6.0) Prior year movement (%) 11.4 10.9
Combined ratio (%) 90.8 93.6 Combined ratio (%) 104.3 99.1
Underwriting result (£m) 890 576 Underwriting result (£m) (152) 30
2024 performance 2024 performance
Casualty gross written premium for 2024 was £13,403m Marine, Aviation and Transport gross written premium for
(2023: £12,991m), a 3.2% increase on the prior period. The 2024 was £4,507m (2023: £4,297m), an increase of 4.9%.
line reported an accident year ratio of 95.5% (2023: 99.6%), The line reported an accident year ratio of 92.9% (2023:
representing an improvement of 4.1pp year on year. 88.2%), a 4.7pp deterioration year on year.
2024 saw a continuation of differing pricing conditions on For Marine, compounding price increases in prior years
different segments of the casualty portfolio. Continued pricing continued but at a slower pace. Wording improvements and
pressure was evident in the Commercial Directors & Officers portfolio re-underwriting have resulted in a healthy portfolio.
segment, undoing the earlier attempts to bring the class back The collision of the vessel Dali with the Francis Scott Key
to a position of rate adequacy. Likewise, Cyber continues to Bridge in Baltimore will be a meaningful loss for the marine
attract new capacity (both insurance and reinsurance) with market. Overall, Aviation pricing remains marginal for
resultant pressure on prices, particularly in the US market. sustainable profitability with the exception of Aviation War,
The rate of growth has slowed but the market continues to which continued to benefit from pricing increases as a
perform strongly given an absence of significant claims and response to ongoing global conflicts and continued
was relatively unaffected by the CrowdStrike event. In uncertainty relating to losses associated with the Russian
contrast US General Liability has continued to experience invasion of Ukraine.
positive rates in response to the threat of social inflation.
Prior year movement
Prior year movement The prior year movement was a strengthening of 11.4% (2023:
The prior year movement was a release of (4.7)% (2023: 10.9%). This consists of prior year reserve increases on
(6.0)%). Aviation, partially offset by the releases on the Marine lines.
The releases on Casualty are predominantly driven by On Aviation lines, carriers have significantly increased their
favourable developments in the Cyber, Directors & Officers, reserves to cover losses from the Russia-Ukraine conflict.
and Financial Institutions classes due to benign claims
On Marine lines, there is a tendency for the view of claims to
experience and favourable attritional loss development. While
be held for a number of years to allow for inherent uncertainty
Casualty has released overall, this is expected to be influenced
and so releases are common. Overall, Marine lines of business
by a combination of reserve strengthening and releases across
have performed favourably against expectations over 2024.
different underwriting years within these classes.
Many carriers have reported favourable claims experience on
Given the long-term nature of the underlying policies and social prior years for most lines of business, including Marine Hull
inflation, particularly in the United States, we anticipate a and Cargo, across both attritional and large claims. However,
continuation of the heightened level of uncertainty in the there have also been partially offsetting deteriorations from
Casualty line being factored into the reserves. the Russia-Ukraine conflict for some syndicates.
Looking ahead There has been limited movement on historical catastrophe
As with Casualty Reinsurance there continues to be a events over 2024 including Hurricane Ian (2022).
growing focus on social inflation as well as the impact of Looking ahead
potential recessionary economic conditions on all lines.
Moderating price rises in the Marine market will need a
Continued pressure on prices in the financial and professional
heightened focus on risk selection and portfolio management
lines as well as cyber will need to be carefully considered as
to avoid a return to unsustainable underwriting. In the
margin is eroded. Global economic uncertainty coupled with
absence of appropriate price increases, Aviation will continue
sustained heightened interest rates present significant
to struggle to provide reliable returns for (re)insurers given
challenges.
the continued frequency of loss events in that segment.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 32

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Energy Motor
Energy encompasses a variety of onshore and offshore Lloyd's Motor market primarily covers international motor
property and liability products ranging from construction to insurance, with a large proportion written in North America,
exploration, production, refining and distribution. and an increasing focus on property damage over liability risks.
Lloyd's commercial and fleet business is diverse, ranging from
light commercial vehicles and taxis to buses and heavy
haulage.
Energy 2024 2023 Motor 2024 2023
Gross written premium (£m) 1,957 1,813 Gross written premium (£m) 1,017 889
Accident year ratio (%) 94.3 91.1 Accident year ratio (%) 93.6 98.3
Prior year movement (%) — (6.7) Prior year movement (%) (4.4) (2.6)
Combined ratio (%) 94.3 84.4 Combined ratio (%) 89.2 95.7
Underwriting result (£m) 75 190 Underwriting result (£m) 93 31
2024 performance 2024 performance
Energy gross written premium for 2024 was £1,957m (2023: Motor gross written premium in 2024 was £1,017m (2023:
£1,813m), an increase of 7.9%. The line reported an accident £889m), an increase of 14.4% compared with the prior period.
year ratio of 94.3% (2023: 91.1%), representing a 3.2pp The line reported an accident year ratio of 93.6% (2023:
deterioration year on year. 98.3%), representing a 4.7pp improvement year on year.
The Energy segment saw growth across the portfolio, During the course of 2024 the market saw a moderating
particularly in the construction and renewable energy markets, rating environment following the segment beginning return to
despite a flattening rating environment. Growth in the renewable profitability on the back of a material positive shift in rates in
sector was focused in the onshore market, despite a recent 2023. International Motor has remained consistent from a
challenging loss environment. A number of high profile losses, pricing perspective after multiple years of positive rate
notably in the conventional onshore energy market, have once change and stable results. UK Motor has grown nominally in
again drawn attention to the inherent volatility in the class. The line with price increases, while International Motor continues
overall Energy market has been profitable over the medium to grow rapidly as the market realises opportunities in new
term as a result of disciplined underwriting and high risk technologies, transportation platforms and a profitable
management standards in the sector. underwriting environment.
Prior year movement Prior year movement
There was no prior year movement in the year (2023: release The prior year movement was a release of (4.4)% (2023:
of (6.7)%). There are offsetting movements in the market, with (2.6)%). This is driven by favourable claims experience against
some syndicates releasing due to the favourable experience, expectation on both attritional and large claims, and releases
while others are strengthening, driven by unfavourable in relation to periodic payment orders (PPOs).
attritional performance and specific large losses. This line
Looking ahead
contains a mix of contracts that give rise to claims that are
settled on both a short-term and long-term time horizon. Motor will likely continue to be a highly competitive segment
in which pricing gains and profitability can be very quickly
With respect to short-term contracts, there has been limited eroded. Inflation management and supply side disruptions
movement on historical catastrophe events, while specific from geopolitical events will be two of the primary
large events have moved both favourably and unfavourably in underwriting concerns to address, while rapid implementation
the market. For long-term contracts, these margins can be of new technologies in the sector should present further
held for a number of years. Reductions in claims estimates for challenges and opportunities.
these large losses and the release of unused margin are
expected to drive releases at a market level. This is evident
across the market with insurers reporting releases on IBNR
following benign claims experience on prior years of account
with respect to both specific events and attritional claims
during a hard market.
Looking ahead
There has been a significant growth in new construction
projects being undertaken in recent years, with this trend set
to continue, notably in the global offshore and renewables
markets. Careful analysis of project risks and mitigations will
remain important for underwriters looking to support clients
bringing these projects online.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 33

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Statement of Council's responsibilities
Statement of the Council’s responsibilities in respect of the Pro Forma Financial Statements
The Pro Forma Financial Statements (PFFS) are prepared so that the financial results of the Society of Lloyd’s (the Society) and
its members taken together, and their net assets, can be compared as closely as possible with general insurance companies.
The Council of Lloyd’s is responsible for the preparation and approval of the PFFS in accordance with the basis of preparation
set out in note 2.
The maintenance and integrity of the Lloyd’s website is the responsibility of the Council of Lloyd’s; the work carried out by the
auditors does not involve consideration of these matters and accordingly, the auditors accept no responsibility for any changes
that may have occurred to the financial statements since they were initially presented on the website.
Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the preparation of financial statements may differ from legislation in other
jurisdictions.
Pro Forma Financial Statements
The Lloyd’s Annual Report presents the financial results of the Society of Lloyd’s and its members. Lloyd’s is not an insurance
company. It is a Society of members, both corporate and individual, which underwrite insurance via syndicates. These
syndicates can comprise one single corporate member or any number of corporate and individual members, underwriting
severally for their own account. In view of Lloyd’s unique structure, the Annual Report includes two sets of financial statements.
The PFFS include the results of the syndicates as reported in the syndicate annual returns, members’ funds at Lloyd’s (FAL), the
Society of Lloyd’s Group financial statements and any central adjustments (see note 2).
Society of Lloyd’s Group Financial Statements
The consolidated financial statements of the Society (the Group financial statements) comprise the consolidated financial
statements of the Society and its subsidiaries, the Lloyd’s Central Fund and the Society’s interest in associates and joint
ventures (the Group).
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 34

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to the Council on the
2024 Pro Forma Financial Statements
Independent Reasonable Assurance Report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to the Council of Lloyd’s
on the preparation of the 2024 Lloyd’s Pro Forma Financial Statements
Opinion
In our opinion the Council of Lloyd's has prepared the Lloyd's Pro Forma Financial Statements (the "PFFS") for the financial year ended 31
December 2024, defined below, in all material respects in accordance with the basis of preparation set out in note 2 (the “basis of preparation”).
This opinion is to be read in the context of what we say in the remainder of this report.
What we have assured
The PFFS, which are prepared by the Council of Lloyd's, comprise: the Pro Forma Balance Sheet as at 31 December 2024; the Pro Forma Profit
and Loss account, the Pro Forma Statement of Comprehensive Income, and the Pro Forma Statement of Cash Flows for the year then ended;
and the notes to the Pro Forma financial statements.
The financial reporting framework that has been applied in the preparation of the PFFS is set out in note 2 the “basis of preparation”.
Our assurance does not extend to information in respect of earlier periods or to any other information included in the Lloyd's Annual Report
2024 within which the PFFS for the year ended 31 December 2024 are included.
Professional standards applied and level of assurance
We performed a reasonable assurance engagement in accordance with International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) -
'Assurance Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information', issued by the International Auditing and Assurance
Board.
Our independence and quality control
We complied with the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales (ICAEW) Code of Ethics, which includes independence and other
requirements founded on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional
behaviour, that are at least as demanding as the applicable provisions of the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants (IESBA)’s
International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards).
We apply International Standard on Quality Management (UK) 1 and accordingly maintain a comprehensive system of quality control including
documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory
requirements.
Work performed
The PFFS have been compiled by aggregating financial information reported in syndicate annual returns and accounts, which have been
submitted to the Council of Lloyd's and on which the auditors of each syndicate have reported, members' Funds at Lloyd's and the financial
statements of the Society of Lloyd's. Our procedures consisted principally of:
• obtaining an understanding of how the Council of Lloyd’s has compiled the PFFS from the audited syndicate annual returns and accounts, the
Society of Lloyd’s books and records and members’ Funds at Lloyd’s;
• checking (on a sample basis) that the financial information included in the PFFS was correctly extracted from the syndicate annual returns and
accounts and the Society of Lloyd's books and records;
• evaluating evidence to support the existence and valuation of members’ Funds at Lloyd’s; and
• evaluating the evidence supporting the adjustments made in the preparation of the PFFS and obtaining evidence that the PFFS have been
prepared in accordance with the basis of preparation set out in the PFFS notes.
The engagement also involves evaluating the overall presentation of the PFFS. We do not independently assess and do not opine on the
appropriateness of the basis of preparation of the PFFS.
Our work did not involve assessing the quality of the work performed by the respective auditors of the syndicate annual returns and accounts or
the Society of Lloyd’s group financial statements, nor performing any audit procedures over the financial or other information of the syndicates.
Our audit of the financial statements of the Society of Lloyd’s is the subject of a separate report.
The responsibilities of the Council of Lloyd's and our responsibilities
The Council of Lloyd's is responsible for establishing and selecting suitable criteria (the basis for preparing the PFFS) and the preparation and
approval of the PFFS in accordance with the basis of preparation. According to the Statement of Council's Responsibilities, the PFFS are
prepared so that the financial results of the Society of Lloyd's and its members taken together, and their net assets, can be compared as closely
as possible with general insurance companies.
We are responsible for:
• planning and performing the engagement to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the compilation of the PFFS is free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error;
• forming an independent opinion, based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained; and
• reporting our opinion to the Council of Lloyd’s.
Intended users and purpose
This report, including our conclusion, has been prepared solely for the Council of Lloyd's in accordance with our engagement letter dated
2 September 2024. Our examination has been undertaken so that we might state to the Council of Lloyd's those matters which we are required
to state in this report in accordance with the engagement letter and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not
accept or assume any responsibility to anyone other than the Council of Lloyd’s for our work or this report, except where terms are expressly
agreed between us in writing.
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Chartered Accountants
London
19 March 2025
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 35

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Pro Forma Profit and Loss Account
(For the year ended 31 December 2024)
2024 2023
Note £m £m £m £m
Technical account
Gross written premiums 9 55,546 52,149
Outward reinsurance premiums (13,005) (12,798)
Net written premiums 42,541 39,351
Change in the gross provision for unearned premiums (2,628) (2,592)
Change in the provision for unearned premiums, reinsurers' share 511 166
Change in net provision for unearned premiums (2,117) (2,426)
Earned premiums, net of reinsurance 9 40,424 36,925
Allocated investment return transferred from the non-technical account 9 2,637 2,711
Gross claims paid (22,298) (22,378)
Claims paid, reinsurers' share 6,585 6,967
Net claims paid (15,713) (15,411)
Change in provision for gross claims (6,299) (1,562)
Change in provision for claims, reinsurers' share 790 (1,329)
Change in net provision for claims (5,509) (2,891)
Claims incurred, net of reinsurance 9 (21,222) (18,302)
Net operating expenses 9, 11 (13,888) (12,713)
Balance on the technical account for general business 7,951 8,621
Non-technical account
Balance on the technical account for general business 7,951 8,621
Investment return on syndicate assets 2,778 2,919
Notional investment return on members’ funds at Lloyd’s 6 1,865 2,082
Investment return on Society assets 271 309
Total investment return 12 4,914 5,310
Allocated investment return transferred to the technical account (2,637) (2,711)
Loss on foreign exchange (124) (134)
Non-technical income 79 71
Non-technical operating expenses (557) (494)
Result for the financial period before tax 9,626 10,663
All operations relate to continuing activities.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 36

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Pro Forma Statement of Comprehensive Income
(For the year ended 31 December 2024)
2024 2023
Statement of Comprehensive Income Note £m £m
Result for the financial period before tax 8 9,626 10,663
Currency translation differences 80 (288)
Other comprehensive gains in the syndicate accounts 13 21
Remeasurement gains/(losses) on pension assets and liabilities in the Society accounts 7 (14)
Total comprehensive income for the period 9,726 10,382
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 37

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Pro Forma Balance Sheet
(As at 31 December 2024)
2024 2023 (Restated)
Note £m £m £m £m
Financial investments 13 95,851 89,441
Deposits with ceding undertakings 252 531
Reinsurers' share of technical provisions
Provision for unearned premiums 19(a) 5,570 5,036
Claims outstanding 19(c) 27,628 26,768
33,198 31,804
Debtors
Debtors arising out of direct insurance operations 14 16,824 15,274
Debtors arising out of reinsurance operations 15 9,639 9,055
Other debtors 1,319 1,172
27,782 25,501
Other assets
Tangible assets 33 28
Cash at bank and in hand 16 12,039 11,241
Other 140 113
12,212 11,382
Prepayments and accrued income
Accrued interest and rent 300 242
Deferred acquisition costs 19(b) 6,476 5,835
Other prepayments and accrued income 446 359
7,222 6,436
Total assets 176,517 165,095
Members’ funds at Lloyd’s 6 30,500 31,895
Members' balances 18 13,533 10,266
Members’ assets (held severally) 44,033 42,161
Central reserves (mutual assets) 2,818 2,504
Total capital and reserves 8 46,851 44,665
Subordinated loan notes 2, 4 298 604
Total capital, reserves and subordinated loan notes 47,149 45,269
Technical provisions
Provision for unearned premiums 19(a) 27,651 25,065
Claims outstanding 19(c) 85,395 78,774
113,046 103,839
Deposits received from reinsurers 1,128 1,387
Creditors
Creditors arising out of direct insurance operations 21 1,232 1,055
Creditors arising out of reinsurance operations 22 9,065 9,221
Other creditors including taxation 2,880 2,419
Senior debt 2, 4 303 303
13,480 12,998
Accruals and deferred income 1,714 1,602
Total capital, reserves and liabilities 176,517 165,095
Comparative values for the year ended 31 December 2023 have been restated - refer to note 2 for details of the restatement.
The pro forma financial statements on pages 36 to 63 were approved by the Council on 19 March 2025 and signed on its behalf by:
Bruce Carnegie-Brown John Neal
Chairman Chief Executive Officer
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 38

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Pro Forma Statement of Cash Flows
(For the year ended 31 December 2024)
Note 2024 2023 (Restated)
£m £m
Result for the financial period before tax 9,626 10,663
Increase in gross technical provisions 9,089 1,802
(Increase)/decrease in reinsurers' share of gross technical provisions (1,302) 885
Increase in debtors (2,027) (1,761)
Decrease in creditors (50) (430)
Movement in other assets/liabilities 520 (325)
Investment return (4,776) (5,245)
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment charge 16 15
Tax paid (97) (57)
Foreign exchange 167 601
Other 115 (108)
Net cash inflows from operating activities 11,281 6,040
Cash flow from investing activities
Purchase of equity and debt instruments (57,198) (47,820)
Sale of equity and debt instruments 48,408 41,065
Purchase of derivatives (105) (208)
Sale of derivatives 121 249
Investment income received 2,264 1,519
Other 512 65
Net cash outflows from investing activities (5,998) (5,130)
Cash flow from financing activities
Distribution of profit (3,358) (534)
Net capital transferred out of syndicate premium trust funds (809) (338)
Redemption of subordinated loan notes (306) —
Interest paid on subordinated and senior loan notes (37) (37)
Net movement in members’ funds at Lloyd’s 522 (347)
Other (106) (85)
Net cash outflows from financing activities (4,094) (1,341)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 1,189 (431)
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 13,592 14,172
Foreign exchange differences on cash and cash equivalents (55) (149)
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December 17 14,726 13,592
Comparative values for the year ended 31 December 2023 have been restated - refer to note 2 for details of the restatement.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 39

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements
(For the year ended 31 December 2024)
1. The Pro Forma Financial Statements
The Pro Forma Financial Statements (PFFS) are prepared so that the financial results of Lloyd’s and its members taken
together, and their net assets, can be compared as closely as possible with general insurance companies.
2. Basis of preparation
General
The PFFS have been prepared by aggregating audited financial information reported in syndicate returns and annual accounts
(Aggregate Accounts), members’ funds at Lloyd’s (FAL) and the audited financial statements of the Society of Lloyd’s (the
Society) on pages 124 to 128 and by overlaying central adjustments as noted below and elsewhere in the report.
The Council considers the environment in which the Society and Lloyd’s market participants are operating and any associated
risks which could have an impact on the reasonableness of financial information presented in the PFFS. Where the Council
considers it appropriate, central adjustments may be included in the PFFS to reflect the impact of any additional risks, as
deemed necessary in preparing the PFFS.
Having assessed the principal risks, the Council considered it appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in
preparing the PFFS; the going concern and viability statement of the Society is included within the Society Report on page 115.
The Aggregate Accounts report the audited results for calendar year 2024 and the financial position at 31 December 2024 for all life
and non-life syndicates that transacted business during the year. The results and total capital and reserves for life syndicates are
not material and have not been separately disclosed in the profit and loss account and balance sheet. The results for life business
are reported in the segmental analysis (note 9). The Aggregate Accounts are reported as a separate document and can be viewed
at www.lloyds.com. In order to provide more meaningful information in the Aggregate Accounts and PFFS, the Society has required
syndicates to consistently report certain disclosures, presented on a basis which may vary from the presentation included in the
individual syndicate’s annual accounts.
The profit and loss account in the PFFS aggregates the syndicate results, the notional investment return on members’ capital
and the results of the Society. The balance sheet in the PFFS aggregates the assets and liabilities held at syndicate level,
members’ assets held as FAL and the central resources of the Society. Central adjustments are overlaid.
The PFFS have, where practicable, been prepared in compliance with United Kingdom Accounting Standards (UK Generally
Accepted Accounting Practice (UK GAAP)), including Financial Reporting Standard 102 (FRS 102) and the applicable
Accounting Standard on insurance contracts Financial Reporting Standard 103 (FRS 103). In preparing the PFFS, note
disclosures have been included for those areas the Council considers material to enable the PFFS to depict a comprehensive
view of the financial results and position of the Lloyd’s market and to enable comparison with general insurance companies.
Application of UK GAAP is not practicable for the following items:
• use of the aggregation basis to prepare the PFFS;
• notional investment return on members’ funds at Lloyd’s;
• the statement of changes in equity;
• taxation;
• related party transactions; and
• restatements.
The approach taken in preparing the PFFS is outlined in (a) to (f):
(a) Aggregation
The PFFS have not been prepared in accordance with full consolidation principles and do not present a consolidated view of the
results of the Lloyd’s business taken as a single entity for the reasons detailed further below. However, the PFFS may be used
as a reasonable presentation of the results and state of affairs of the Lloyd’s market on a basis that is broadly comparable with
general insurance companies.
The syndicates’ financial information included in the PFFS has been prepared in accordance with the recognition and
measurement requirements of UK accounting standards by reference to the accounting policies that are deemed most
appropriate by the managing agents. Where different accounting policies have been selected by managing agents in preparing
syndicate annual accounts, no adjustments are made to align the bases of recognition and measurement in the PFFS. In
addition, no adjustments are made to eliminate inter-syndicate transactions and balances except for those relating to inter-
syndicate loans, Special Purpose Arrangements (SPA) and reinsurance to close (RITC) arrangements between syndicates.
Transactions between syndicates and the Society are also eliminated in the PFFS. These adjustments are described below:
Inter-syndicate loans
The syndicate annual accounts report debtor and creditor balances for inter-syndicate loans totalling £223m (2023: £435m).
These amounts have been eliminated from those amounts reported in the balance sheet to provide a more meaningful
presentation of the balance sheet for users of the PFFS.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 40

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Special Purpose Arrangements (SPA)
The Aggregate Accounts include the results and assets of the SPA (see Glossary on page 168). Due to the nature of the SPA,
the quota share of the host syndicates’ business is reported as gross written premium in both the host syndicate and the SPA
annual accounts. This leads to an overstatement of the original premium written by the whole Lloyd’s market.
To provide users of the PFFS with a more meaningful presentation of the market’s figures, all the transactions arising from the
insurance contracts between the SPA and host syndicates have been eliminated. The key impact of this elimination is that gross
written premium is reduced by £537m (2023: £443m). The elimination does not affect the PFFS result or the balance due to
members. All other inter-syndicate reinsurance arrangements are included in full, with the exception of RITC transactions as
detailed below.
Reinsurance to close arrangements between syndicates
The Aggregate Accounts include the results of the syndicates, including the arrangements where prior years of account are
ceded to other syndicates. Due to the nature of the arrangements, the ceding and accepting syndicates report these as current
period transactions impacting gross written premium, net earned premium and net incurred claims.
This leads to an overstatement of these balances for the Lloyd’s market as a whole. To provide users of the PFFS with a more
meaningful presentation of the market’s figures, RITC arrangements between syndicates for prior years of account have been
eliminated. There were no RITC transactions reported in 2024; the impact of this elimination in the prior period was a reduction
in gross written premium, net earned premium and net incurred claims by £1,943m, £1,048m and £1,048m respectively. The
elimination does not affect the PFFS result or the balance due to members.
Transactions between syndicates and the Society
The following transactions have been eliminated:
• Central Fund contributions, members’ subscriptions and other market charges levied by the Society are reported as net
operating expenses in the syndicate returns and as income in the Society’s financial statements.
• Syndicate loans to the Central Fund are reported as assets in the syndicate returns and as equity in the Society financial
statements. Interest on the loans is reported as investment income in syndicate returns and as a reduction to equity in the
Society’s financial statements.
• Technical insurance-related transactions and balances existing between the syndicates and the subsidiaries of the Society
are reported in both the syndicate returns and in the Society’s financial statements.
• Loans funding statutory insurance deposits and other deposits received from syndicates are reported as assets within the
syndicate returns and as liabilities in the Society financial statements.
(b) Notional investment return on members’ funds at Lloyd’s (FAL)
A notional investment return on FAL has been estimated, which is the equivalent of insurance companies generating investment
return on the capital that they hold to support their underwriting. Where Lloyd’s is the investment manager for FAL, the actual return
achieved has been included. For other assets the notional investment return, net of management fees, is estimated on the average
value of FAL during the year, based on yields from indices for each type of asset held. The typical investment return on bank
deposits has been applied to FAL, provided as letters of credit or bank guarantees. The actual return achieved on FAL investments
will differ from the notional return due to individual stocks held, daily cash flows and transactional charges. Notional investment
return on FAL is reported in the non-technical account.
Due to the estimation of the notional investment return, movements in FAL recorded within the financing section of the
statement of cash flows is comprised of both cash and non-cash activity.
(c) Statement of changes in equity
Where Lloyd’s is not the investment manager for FAL, actual changes are not available and therefore a statement of changes in
equity has not been included. However, a statement of changes in members’ balances has been included in note 18, which,
along with the Society’s Group statement of changes in equity (on page 127), represents the changes in equity of the other
components of the PFFS.
(d) Taxation
The PFFS report the market’s result before tax. Members are responsible for tax payable on their syndicate results and
investment income on FAL. For consistency, the results of the Society are also reported pre-tax in the profit and loss account.
The balance sheet in the Society financial statements includes the Society’s own tax provision balances.
(e) Related party transactions
Individual syndicates or their members do not disclose details of insurance and/or reinsurance transactions with other (non-
related) syndicates or members within the market. Therefore, analysis and/or disclosure of these transactions within the Lloyd’s
market in the PFFS is not possible. Other than the disclosures made in note 24, a more detailed related party transaction note is
therefore not included within the PFFS. The annual accounts of each syndicate or member provide, where appropriate, the
required disclosures on related parties. The related party transactions of the Society are disclosed in note 36 on page 163 of
the Society financial statements.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 41

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements continued
(f) Restatements (other)
In addition to the restatements outlined in the note below, a number of syndicates made restatements to the comparative
figures for 2023 within their syndicate returns and annual accounts and the Aggregate Accounts have been restated
accordingly. The full financial effect and the nature of these restatements have not been disclosed as required by FRS 102 as it
is not practicable to provide additional details in respect of these restatements.
Restatements
Reclassification changes
During 2024, Lloyd's introduced changes to the syndicate accounts process to rationalise and standardise financial reporting
across the market. As a result, certain comparative information has been restated by a number of syndicates to ensure
consistency with current year presentation. The principal change is the reclassification of overseas deposits, previously shown
as part of cash at bank and in hand, to financial investments. The comparative balances in the Pro Forma Balance Sheet, Pro
Forma Statement of Cash Flows and affected notes (notes 4, 13 and 17), have also been represented to align with the current
period presentation.
The comparative Pro Forma Balance Sheet has been restated as follows: financial investments increased by £173m, cash at
bank and in hand decreased by £167m and other assets decreased by £10m. The reclassifications have been applied
retrospectively and had no impact on the previously reported result for the financial period, total comprehensive income for the
period, total assets or total capital, reserves and liabilities.
Society reclassification changes
Financial investments at fair value through profit and loss reported by the Society, have been restated as a result of the
identification and correction of an error in asset classification. £161m of assets reported as 'Participation in investment pools'
have been reclassified to ‘Shares and other variable yield securities and units in unit trusts’ based on a revised assessment of
the underlying investments. For further information, refer to note 3(w) in the Society Report.
Central reserve margin (CRM)
Claims reserves reported in the pro forma balance sheet include a CRM of £500m (2023: £480m) in addition to the reserves
held by syndicates, to reflect the heightened risk of atypical reserve movement at an aggregate level. The CRM is reviewed
biannually and any movement is reflected in the pro forma profit and loss account in that year.
Members’ funds at Lloyd’s (FAL)
FAL comprise the capital provided by members, which is generally held centrally, to support their underwriting, and are the
equivalent of capital shown in insurance companies’ accounts. The valuation of FAL has, therefore, been included in the pro
forma balance sheet. FAL is available to meet cash calls made on the member in respect of a syndicate liability. The assets in
FAL must be readily realisable and may include letters of credit and bank and other guarantees.
The total resources, including FAL, for members writing ongoing insurance must be at least equivalent to the aggregate of the
member’s Economic Capital Assessment (ECA) requirement and certain liabilities in respect of its underwriting business. Each
member’s ECA to support its underwriting at Lloyd’s is determined using Lloyd’s Solvency Capital Requirement to ultimate
capital setting methodology.
Lloyd’s Private Impact Fund and Lloyd’s Private Credit Fund
Since 2023, the Society has invested in two new investment vehicles: the Lloyd’s Private Impact Fund (LPIF) and Lloyd’s Private
Credit Fund (LPCF). The funds comprise a range of privately held equity impact investments and US debt assets respectively.
The Society is currently the majority investor in both the LPIF and LPCF. Under the conditions of FRS 102, the funds are
considered to qualify as Special Purpose Entities and subsidiaries of the Society. However, the funds qualify as unconsolidated
subsidiaries as they are held as part of an investment portfolio and are therefore accounted for at fair value as an investment on
the balance sheet, with changes in fair value being recognised through profit and loss.
The investments are classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy as a market value is not readily available. The funds are
managed by a third-party investment manager. Agreed valuation techniques, which will include inputs such as discount rates,
models and comparable market data to establish the fair value of the underlying investments, are applied on a quarterly basis by
an Alternative Investment Fund Manager (AIFM) acting as a valuation agent for the fund, independently of the fund managers.
Subordinated loan notes
In accordance with the terms of the Society’s subordinated loan notes, the capital raised is available for payment to policyholders in
advance of repayment to the note holders and is included in ‘capital, reserves and subordinated loan notes’ in the pro forma balance
sheet. Note 25(a) to the Society financial statements on page 157 provides additional information.
Senior debt
Unsecured senior debt of £300m was issued by the Society on 21 January 2020, increasing liabilities. The debt has been issued
to finance investment in the Future at Lloyd’s strategy. Note 25(b) of the Society report provides additional information.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 42

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Society financial statements
The PFFS include the results and capital and reserves reported in the financial statements of the Society of Lloyd’s, comprising
the consolidated financial statements of the Society and its subsidiaries, the Lloyd’s Central Fund and the Society’s interest in
associates and joint ventures.
3. Accounting policies
Sources of significant accounting judgements and estimation uncertainty
The PFFS aggregates judgements, estimates and assumptions made by managing agents in respect of syndicate balances, and
the Council in respect of the Society of Lloyd’s and FAL balances. These judgements, estimates and assumptions affect the
application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The resulting accounting
estimates will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual result.
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in
the period in which the estimate is revised and in any future periods affected. Information about the estimates and assumptions
that have a significant risk of a material change to the carrying value of assets and liabilities recognised in the PFFS within the
next financial year are set out below:
• Claims provisions and related recoveries are the most significant accounting estimate in preparing the PFFS, in particular for
claims incurred but not reported (IBNR). Variances between the estimated and actual cost of settling claims impact claims
incurred, net of reinsurance and the balance on the technical account for general insurance. Total gross claims outstanding at
31 December 2024 is £85,395m (2023: £78,774m). The total estimate as at 31 December 2024, net of reinsurers’ share, is
£57,767m (2023: £52,006m) and is included within the pro forma balance sheet (see note 3(a) and note 19(c)). Total gross
claims outstanding includes a margin of £5,411m (2023: £4,590m) comprised of amounts reported in the Signing Actuary
Opinion (SAO) and the central reserve margin.
• Estimated premium income, in particular estimates for premiums written under delegated authority agreements, is a
significant estimate. Variances between the estimated premium income and actual received impact gross written premium
and provisions for unearned premium (see note 3(a) and note 9).
• Valuation of investments: the fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (Level 3) is determined
by using valuation techniques which require significant judgement. The valuation techniques used to establish the fair value of
the underlying investments may incorporate discounted cash flow models or a more market-based approach, whilst the main
inputs might include discount rates, fundamental pricing multiples, recent transaction prices, or comparable market
information to create a benchmark multiple. The estimation uncertainty impacts the carrying value of financial investments,
which is the largest PFFS asset class, however, a relatively small proportion is valued at Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy
(see note 3(a) and note 13).
• Notional investment return on FAL: the return is estimated based on yields from indices for each type of asset held. The key
judgement made in estimating the notional return is the choice of indices from which the yields are derived for each category
of asset and the level of investment management charges, and this estimation uncertainty affects the notional investment
return presented separately in the profit and loss account (see note 6).
The Council considers the environment in which the Society and Lloyd’s market participants are operating and any associated
risks which could have an impact on the reasonableness of financial information presented in the PFFS. Where the Council
considers it appropriate, central adjustments may be included in the PFFS to reflect the impact of any additional risks, as
deemed necessary in preparing the PFFS.
(a) Aggregate Accounts
General
Under the Insurance Accounts Directive (Lloyd’s Syndicate and Aggregate Accounts) Regulations 2008, as amended by the
Statutory Auditors and Third Country Auditors Regulations 2017, managing agents must prepare syndicate annual accounts
under UK GAAP. However, where UK GAAP permits different accounting treatments, each managing agent is able to adopt the
accounting policies it considers most appropriate to its syndicate. The following accounting policies are, therefore, an overview
of the policies generally adopted by syndicates.
Premiums written
Premiums written represent premiums on business incepting during the year, together with adjustments for premiums written in
previous accounting periods. Premiums written are stated before deduction of commissions but net of taxes, duties levied on
premiums and other deductions.
Unearned premiums
Written premiums are recognised as earned according to the risk profile of the policy. Unearned premiums represent the
proportion of premiums written in the year that relate to unexpired terms of policies in force at the balance sheet date,
calculated on the basis of established earnings patterns or time apportioned as appropriate.
Outward reinsurance premiums
Outward reinsurance premiums comprise the cost of reinsurance arrangements placed and are accounted for in the same
accounting period as the related insurance contracts. The provision for reinsurers’ share of unearned premiums represents that
part of reinsurance premium ceded that is estimated to be earned in the following financial years.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 43

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements continued
Claims provisions and related recoveries
Gross claims incurred comprise the estimated cost of all claims occurring during the year, whether reported or not, including
related direct and indirect claims handling costs and adjustments to claims outstanding from previous years.
The provision for claims outstanding is assessed on an individual case basis and is based on the estimated ultimate cost of all
claims notified but not settled by the balance sheet date, together with the provision for related claims handling costs. The
provision also includes the estimated cost of claims incurred but not reported (IBNR) at the balance sheet date based on
statistical methods.
These methods generally involve projecting from past experience of the development of claims over time to form a view of the
likely ultimate claims to be experienced for more recent underwriting, having regard to variations in the business accepted and
the underlying terms and conditions.
For the most recent years, where a high degree of volatility arises from projections, estimates may be based in part on output
from rating and other models of the business accepted and assessments of underwriting conditions. The amount of salvage and
subrogation recoveries is separately identified and, where material, reported as an asset.
The reinsurers’ share of provisions for claims is based on the amounts of outstanding claims and projections for IBNR, net of
estimated irrecoverable amounts, having regard to the reinsurance programme in place for the line of business, the claims
experience for the year and the current security rating of the reinsurers involved. Statistical techniques are used to assist in
making these estimates.
The two most critical assumptions as regards claims provisions are that the past is a reasonable predictor of the likely level of
future claims development and that the rating and other models used for current business are fair reflections of the likely level
of ultimate claims to be incurred. The directors of each syndicate’s managing agent consider that the provisions for gross
claims and related reinsurance recoveries are fairly stated on the basis of the information currently available to them.
However, the ultimate liability will vary as a result of subsequent information and events, which may result in significant
adjustments to the amounts provided.
Adjustments to the amounts of claims provisions established in prior years are reflected in the financial statements for the
period in which the adjustments are made. The methods used, and the estimates made, are reviewed regularly.
Additional information on insurance risk is disclosed in note 4.
Discounted claims provisions
Due to the long delay between the date of an incurred claim and the final settlement of the claim, the outstanding claims
provisions are discounted to take account of the expected investment income receivable between claim event and settlement
dates on the assets held to cover the provisions. This is only applicable to the syndicates that discount their claims provisions.
Additional detail is disclosed in note 20 of the PFFS.
Unexpired risks provision
A provision for unexpired risks is made where claims and related expenses arising after the end of the financial period in
respect of contracts concluded before that date are expected to exceed the unearned premiums under these contracts, after
the deduction of any acquisition costs deferred.
The provision for unexpired risks is calculated at syndicate level by reference to lines of business that are managed together,
and may take into account relevant investment return.
Acquisition costs
Acquisition costs, comprising commission and other costs related to the acquisition of new insurance contracts, are deferred to
the extent that they are attributable to premiums unearned at the balance sheet date.
Foreign currencies
The Council considers that the functional and presentational currency of the PFFS and Aggregate Accounts is pounds sterling.
In the context of the PFFS and Aggregate Accounts, the Council views this to be the equivalent of a group which has different
operating units with a mix of functional currencies.
Foreign currency transactions are recorded at the exchange rate prevailing on the date of the transaction, or an average rate
for the period in which it was recorded when this is a reasonable approximation.
At each period end, foreign currency monetary items are translated using the closing rate. For this purpose, all assets and
liabilities arising from insurance contracts (including unearned premiums, deferred acquisition costs and unexpired risks
provisions) are monetary items.
Non-monetary items measured at historical cost are translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction and non-
monetary items measured at fair value are measured using the exchange rate when fair value was determined.
Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of transactions and from the translation at period-end rates of
monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the non-technical account in the Aggregate
profit and loss account.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 44

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of transactions and from the translation at period-end
exchange rates of non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in other comprehensive
income for those items where the gain is required to be recognised within other comprehensive income, and in the non-
technical account where the gain is required to be recognised within profit or loss.
Translation of overseas operations
On aggregation, the results and financial position of overseas subsidiaries and branches are translated into pounds sterling
from their functional currencies as follows:
i. Assets and liabilities are translated at the closing rate at the reporting date;
ii. Income and expenses are translated at the average exchange rate for the year; and
iii. Any resulting exchange differences are recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income.
Investments
Investments are stated at fair value at the balance sheet date. For this purpose, listed investments are stated at their bid price
market value, and deposits with credit institutions and overseas deposits are stated at cost, less any provision for impairment.
Unlisted investments for which a market exists are stated at the average price at which they are traded on the balance sheet
date or the last trading day before that date.
Syndicate investment return
Syndicate investment return comprises all investment income, realised investment gains and losses and movements in
unrealised gains and losses, net of investment expenses, charges and interest.
Realised gains and losses on investments carried at market value are calculated as the difference between sale proceeds and
purchase price.
Unrealised gains and losses on investments represent the difference between the valuation at the balance sheet date and the
valuation at the previous balance sheet date, or purchase price, if acquired during the year, together with the reversal of
unrealised gains and losses recognised in earlier accounting periods in respect of investment disposals in the current period.
Syndicate investment return is initially recorded in the non-technical account. A transfer is made from the non-technical account
to the general business technical account where the investments generating the return relate to insurance business.
Tangible assets
Tangible assets relate to plant and equipment and the Lloyd’s Collection, with additional detail disclosed in note 18 to the
Society of Lloyd’s financial statements on page 151.
Taxation
The PFFS report the market’s result before tax because it is the members rather than the syndicates that are responsible for
tax payable on their syndicate results and investment income on FAL. No provision has therefore been made in the PFFS for
income tax payable by members. Any payments on account of members’ tax liabilities made on their behalf by a syndicate
during the year are included in the balance sheet within other debtors or other creditors including taxation.
Operating expenses
Operating expenses have been charged to the syndicates in accordance with the policies adopted by the managing agents.
Profit commission
Where profit commission is charged by the managing agent it will normally be fully paid once the appropriate year of account
closes, normally at 36 months. The profit commission is generally accrued in the profit and loss account in accordance with the
earned profit.
Managing agents may make payments on account of their anticipated profit commission from the syndicate premium trust
funds prior to the closure of a year of account where they have transferred open year surpluses (interim profits) from the
syndicate level premium trust funds to the members’ personal reserve fund. Any payments on account of such commission are
restricted to the profit commission expensed in the profit and loss account in striking the level of interim profits declared and
subsequently released.
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents includes cash at bank and in hand (which includes deposits held at call with banks), other short-term
highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less and bank overdrafts. Bank overdrafts, when applicable,
are shown within other creditors.
(b) Members’ funds at Lloyd’s (FAL)
FAL is valued in accordance with its market value at the year end, and using year end exchange rates. Investments are stated at
fair value at the balance sheet date. For this purpose, listed investments are stated at their bid price market value, and deposits
with credit institutions and international deposits are stated at cost.
Unlisted investments for which a market exists are stated at the average price at which they are traded on the balance sheet
date or the last trading day before that date. Letters of credit are stated at the amount guaranteed by the issuing credit
institution.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 45

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements continued
As disclosed in the basis of preparation a notional investment return on FAL is estimated, which is recognised in the non-
technical account.
Members that only participate on one syndicate may hold the capital supporting their underwriting in their syndicate’s premium
trust funds. Where a member takes advantage of this facility, the capital held in the premium trust fund is reported within
members’ balances and the investment return retained within the non-technical account.
(c) Society of Lloyd’s (the Society)
The accounting policies adopted in the Society's financial statements are set out on pages 129 to 136.
4. Risk management
Governance framework
The following governance structure relates to the Society as a whole, as the preparer of the PFFS. Individual syndicates will
report, in their syndicate annual accounts, the governance structure applied to them by their managing agents.
An Act of Parliament, the Lloyd’s Act 1982, defines the governance structure and rules under which Lloyd’s operates. Under the
Act, the Council of Lloyd's is responsible for the management and supervision of the market. Lloyd’s is regulated by the
Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) and the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) under the Financial Services and Markets Act
2000.
The Council currently has three working, three external and six nominated members. The working and external members are
elected by Lloyd’s members. The Chairman and Deputy Chairs are elected annually by the Council from among its members.
Refer to the Governance section of the Society Report for further information.
The Council can discharge some of its functions directly by making decisions and issuing resolutions, requirements, rules and
byelaws. Other decisions are delegated to associated committees. Further details are set out on the Council Responsibilities on
page 71.
The Council is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Lloyd’s market. It lays down guidelines for all syndicates and
operates a business planning and monitoring process to safeguard high standards of underwriting and risk management,
thereby improving sustainable profitability and enhancing the financial strength of the market.
The Committees of the Council are the Nominations and Governance Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Audit
Committee, the Risk Committee, the Sustainability Committee, the Underwriting Advisory Panel, the Investment Committee, the
Technology and Transformation Advisory Panel and the Blueprint Two Cutover Committee.
Capital management objectives, policies and approach
Capital framework at Lloyd’s
The Society is a regulated undertaking and subject to the supervision of the PRA under the Financial Services and Markets Act
2000. Within this supervisory framework, the Society applies capital requirements at member level and centrally to ensure that
Lloyd’s complies with Solvency II, and beyond that to meet its own financial strength, licence and ratings objectives.
Although, as described below, Lloyd’s capital setting processes use a capital requirement set at syndicate level as a starting point,
Solvency II and Lloyd’s capital requirements apply at an overall and member level only, not at a syndicate level. Accordingly, the
capital requirements in respect of individual syndicates are not disclosed in these financial statements.
Lloyd’s capital setting process
In order to meet Lloyd’s requirements, each syndicate is required to calculate its Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) for the
prospective underwriting year. This amount must be sufficient to cover a 1 in 200 year loss, reflecting uncertainty in the ultimate
run-off of underwriting liabilities (SCR ‘to ultimate’). This differs from the Solvency II regulatory one-year SCR which captures
the risk that emerges over the next 12 months while the ultimate measure captures the adverse development until all liabilities
have been paid. The SCRs of each syndicate are subject to review by the Society and approval by the Lloyd’s Capital and
Planning Group.
A syndicate may comprise one or more underwriting members of Lloyd’s. Each member is liable for its own share of
underwriting liabilities on the syndicate(s) on which it is participating but not other members’ shares. Accordingly, the capital
requirement that Lloyd’s sets for each member operates on a several basis. Each member’s SCR shall thus be determined by
the sum of the member’s share of the syndicate SCR ‘to ultimate’. Where a member participates on more than one syndicate, a
credit for diversification is provided to reflect the spread of risk, but consistent with determining an SCR that reflects the capital
requirement to cover a 1 in 200 year loss ‘to ultimate’ for that member. Over and above this, the Society applies a capital uplift to
the member’s capital requirement to determine the Economic Capital Assessment (ECA). The capital uplift applied for 2024
was 35% (2023: 35%) of the member’s SCR ‘to ultimate’. The purpose of setting capital on an ultimate basis, rather than a one
year basis, and the ECA uplift, which are a Lloyd’s not a Solvency II requirement, is to meet Lloyd’s financial strength, licence
and ratings objectives.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 46

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Solvency Capital Requirement (Solvency II basis)
The Solvency II SCR represents the amount of capital required to withstand a 1 in 200 year loss event over a one year horizon.
Given Lloyd’s unique structure there are two SCRs that are monitored under the Solvency II regime:
• The Lloyd’s market-wide SCR (MWSCR) is calculated to cover all of the risks of ‘the association of underwriters known as
Lloyd’s’, ie those arising on syndicate activity, members’ capital provided at Lloyd’s and the Society taken together, at a 99.5%
confidence level over a one year time horizon as provided for in Solvency II legislation. All of the capital of the component
parts of the market taken together are available to meet the MWSCR.
• The Lloyd’s central SCR (CSCR) is calculated in respect of only the risks facing the Society, including the Central Fund, at the
same confidence level and time horizon used to calculate the MWSCR.
The CSCR captures the material risk that members do not have sufficient funds to meet their underwriting losses even having
complied with the Society’s rigorous capital setting rules.
The MWSCR and CSCR are derived from the Lloyd’s Internal Model (LIM), which has been approved by the PRA. Individual
syndicates also derive SCRs from their own internal models that are subject to approval by the Society’s Capital and Planning
Group. The appropriateness of each syndicate’s internal model, including changes thereto and the reasonableness of the key
assumptions, are assessed as part of the Society’s oversight of the Lloyd’s market.
The Lloyd’s Internal Model
The LIM is a purpose-built model designed to calculate the MWSCR and CSCR as required under Solvency II. It covers all risk types
and all material risks for the aggregation of syndicates as well as for the Society, allowing for the unique capital structure of Lloyd’s.
The LIM consists of three main components: the Lloyd’s Investment Risk Model (LIRM), which simulates economic variables and
total assets returns; the Lloyd’s Catastrophe Model (LCM), which models catastrophe risk using syndicates’ views of risk; and the
Capital Calculation Kernel (CCK), which is the main element of the LIM where all other risks are simulated, and all risks are
combined.
Syndicates calculate their own SCR. However, the market-wide and central capital requirements are derived from the Society’s
parameterisation at a whole market-level to build a view of total market capital requirements from the ground up using market level
assumptions. The LIM uses a methodology whereby losses from insurance and other risks are simulated by line of business,
allocated to syndicates and through to members to assess the level of capital required by the market and centrally to meet 1 in 200
year losses over the one year time horizon.
Syndicates are the source of the majority of risks. They source all of the insurance business; manage the bulk of the asset
portfolios; hold the majority of the counterparty exposures; and conduct most of the day-to-day operational activity. The
syndicate risks include: insurance risk (underwriting, reserving and catastrophe risk); market risk on syndicate assets (including
credit risk on premium trust funds (PTF)); reinsurance and other credit risk; and syndicate operational risk. At the central level,
additional risks arise from market risk on central assets and FAL, central operational risk and pension fund risk. Details of the
major risk components are set out below.
Insurance risk
The dominant category of risk faced by Lloyd’s syndicates is insurance risk. This is the risk arising from the inherent
uncertainties as to the occurrence, amount and timing of insurance liabilities. In practice, insurance risk can be subdivided into:
i. underwriting risk
ii. reserving risk
iii. credit risk
iv. catastrophe risk
Underwriting risk
This includes the risk that a policy will be written for too low a premium, provide inappropriate cover, or that the frequency or
severity of insured events will be higher than expected.
Underwriting strategy is agreed by the board of each managing agent and set out in the syndicate business plan that is
submitted to the Society for agreement each year. Agreement of business plans – and setting the capital requirements needed
to support these plans – is the key control the Society uses to manage underwriting risk.
The Society reviews each syndicate business plan to ensure it meets Lloyd’s standards and is consistent with the capabilities of
the managing agent. Once a plan is agreed, the Society uses performance management data to identify whether each
syndicate’s business performance is progressing in line with the business plan or that variations are understood and accepted.
The managing agents’ underwriting controls should ensure that underwriting is aligned with their strategy, agreed business plan
and underwriting policy.
Managing agents are expected to have controls in place to ensure that regulatory requirements and the scope of Lloyd’s
market licences are clearly understood and that risks are written within those requirements.
Managing agents need to have clear processes for pricing business and an audit trail to show how pricing will deliver the
projected results within the approved business plan and how pricing will be managed over the relevant underwriting cycle.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 47

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements continued
Reserving risk
Reserving risk arises where the reserves established in the balance sheet are not adequate to meet eventual claims arising. The
level of uncertainty varies significantly across lines of business but can arise from inadequate reserves for known or incurred
but not reported (IBNR) claims. These shortfalls can arise from inadequate reserving processes or from the naturally uncertain
progress of insurance events.
Lloyd’s current level of aggregate market reserves remains robust, and the continued level of overall reserve releases is
supported by underlying claims experience being more favourable than expected. This will not necessarily translate to all
syndicates.
There are currently specific reserving issues, and the main perceived risks relate to macro influences resulting in heightened
inflation, interest rate environment, impact of recession, geopolitical uncertainty, climate change and cyber business.
The Society analyses reserve developments at line of business and syndicate levels quarterly, and briefs the market on issues it
considers need to be taken into account. A central adjustment (refer to note 2(a)), has been included to reflect the very different
nature of these uncertainties. Case-specific claim reserves should make financial provision at reported loss levels, without
prejudice to coverage. Legal advisers’, underwriters’ and loss adjusters’ judgement are used to set the estimated case reserves.
Reserving processes use a variety of statistical analyses such as projections of historical loss development patterns, with
results adjusted for expert judgement. Lloyd’s syndicates have significant exposure to volatile lines of business that carry
material inherent risk that the ultimate claims settlement will vary from previous assessments of reserves.
Syndicates’ reserves are annually subject to a formal independent actuarial opinion and are monitored by the Society. The
actuarial opinions are covered by a combination of formal Actuarial Professional Standards and specific Lloyd’s guidance and
rules.
Credit risk
The market’s principal credit risk is that the reinsurance purchased to protect the syndicates’ gross losses does not respond as
expected. This can occur because the reinsurer is unable to settle its liabilities.
Managing agents are expected to have a clear and comprehensive plan for the reinsurance of each syndicate. This takes into
account risk appetite for retained insurance risk and the potential for the accumulation of risk.
The managing agent should monitor and assess the security of, and exposure to, each reinsurer and intermediary. Reinsurance
credit risk is subject to quarterly review by Lloyd’s.
Catastrophe risk
Catastrophe risk is the risk of loss occurring across all lines of business from worldwide catastrophe events. Managing agents
may use catastrophe modelling software, where appropriate, to monitor aggregate exposure to catastrophe losses. The Society
has developed a suite of Realistic Disaster Scenarios to measure syndicate level and aggregate market exposure to both
natural catastrophes and man-made losses. These are monitored frequently, and syndicates supply projected probabilistic
exceedance forecasts for Lloyd’s key exposures with their capital and business plans. Further enhancements to the monitoring
and oversight of aggregate market catastrophe risk exposure have been implemented within the approved internal model under
Solvency II.
Lloyd’s MWSCR*
The MWSCR is broken down into the various risk components as shown below.
31 December 31 December
2024 SCR 2023 SCR
(Restated)
£m £m
Reserving risk 13,826 13,076
All other (attritional) underwriting risk 12,124 11,680
Catastrophe risk 9,352 8,693
Market risk 14,858 12,498
Reinsurance credit risk 1,232 1,282
Operational risk 1,133 959
Other Society risks 1,102 1,075
Diversification benefit (28,081) (26,105)
MWSCR* before adjustments 25,546 23,158
Foreign exchange adjustment 54 (8)
MWSCR* 25,600 23,150
The increase in overall market-wide SCR is driven by growth in the market and underlying US dollar movements against Sterling
during the year.
The 2023 comparatives have been restated to show the components gross of diversification benefit.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 48

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Solvency Capital Requirement coverage
Coverage of the MWSCR and CSCR is an ongoing and continuous requirement, and the Society reports the results of its
solvency test – ie the amount of the MWSCR, eligible assets to cover it and the solvency ratio – on a quarterly basis to the PRA.
Lloyd’s solvency coverage for both MWSCR and CSCR is set out below.
Lloyd’s MWSCR*
£23,150m £24,789m £47,939m 207%
December 31, 2023
£25,600m £26,781m £52,381m 205%
December 31, 2024
0% 25% 50% 75% 100% 125% 150% 175% 200% 225% 250%
n SCR n Eligible assets in excess of the SCR
Lloyd’s CSCR*
£1,200m £4,830m £6,030m 503%
December 31, 2023
£1,400m £4,695m £6,095m 435%
December 31, 2024
0% 100% 200% 300% 400% 500% 600%
n SCR n Eligible assets in excess of the SCR n Ineligible assets
* Represents the position based on solvency returns which have not been assured by independent auditors; this may differ from the final 2024
submissions.
The central solvency ratio has decreased to 435% (2023: 503%), driven by the increase in the CSCR as well as repayment of
the first tranche of syndicate loans and the 2024 subordinated debt. The market-wide solvency ratio has decreased to 205%
from 207% at 31 December 2023. The decrease in the market-wide ratio reflects the higher level of capital requirement
following the growth in the market, with strong profitability and investment returns dampening the impact on the ratio. Refer to
page 27 for further details.
In addition to the quarterly reporting to the PRA, internal risk appetites have been set to monitor the coverage of the MWSCR
and CSCR as part of the Risk Management Framework in place at Lloyd’s. During 2024, the solvency coverage ratios for both
the MWSCR and CSCR were in excess of internal risk appetites and regulatory requirements.
• MWSCR: The Society aims to hold market capital sufficient to provide financial security to policyholders and capital efficiency
to members. Members are required to put up funds to meet their ECA, which is set as their SCR (on an ultimate view of risk)
plus an uplift of 35%. The Society does not require excess capital to be held above this level and considers that the risk
appetite of 140% of SCR gives an appropriate buffer following diversification benefits. In the event that the capital put up by a
member falls below their ECA through losses incurred or an increase in their risk profile, additional funds must be deposited. If
members do not recapitalise, their authority to continue to trade is restricted to the level of their available capital or ultimately
fully withdrawn and they cease trading. Such action would then reduce their risk and the aggregate MWSCR.
• CSCR: All policies written at Lloyd’s are supported by central assets managed by the Society, which underpin the financial
strength ratings of the Lloyd’s market and its international licence network. Accordingly, the risk appetite for 200% CSCR
coverage reflects the prudent approach to maintaining adequate central assets to meet a 1 in 200 year event and be in a
position to continue to write new business.
Solvency cover ratios MWSCR coverage CSCR coverage
December 31, 2024 205% 435%
December 31, 2023 207% 503%
Risk appetite for solvency cover ratio 140% 200%
The 2020 tranches of syndicate loans are approaching the fifth anniversary of commencement, being 26 June 2025 and
6 November 2025. These syndicate loans currently account for approximately 22pp of the central solvency ratio.
Assets eligible for solvency
The assets of the syndicates, members’ FAL and the Society all contribute towards coverage of the MWSCR, after adjustments
to value items in accordance with Solvency II valuation principles. Members’ assets are however not fungible. The Society
assets and callable layer, in the chain of security, are available to cover the CSCR.
The eligibility of assets to cover the SCR under Solvency II is determined by a tiering test. Tier 1 assets are fully available to
cover the SCR, while Tier 2 and Tier 3 assets in aggregate can cover up to 50% of the SCR. The majority of the assets available
to cover the MWSCR are Tier 1.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 49

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements continued
A proportion of members’ FAL is provided in the form of letters of credit, which are classed as Tier 2 assets, restricting their
ability to cover the MWSCR. However, given the total value of these instruments at 31 December 2024 is less than 50% of the
SCR, there are no unrestricted assets.
These letters of credit are callable on demand, and when called the proceeds, namely cash, would qualify as Tier 1 assets. The
capital tiering rules also apply to the coverage of the Central SCR. The inclusion of the remaining subordinated debt and
deferred tax asset results in Lloyd’s available Tier 2 and 3 central capital of £308m (2023: £601m). Given the total Tier 2 and 3
central capital is below the maximum allowance – 50% of the SCR – there is no deduction for ineligible Tier 2 and Tier 3 in 2024
(2023: £1m).
Lloyd’s MWSCR* (£m) – reconciliation of assets from a UK GAAP basis to a Solvency II basis
£m 47,149 52,381 52,381
13 13
5,863 (631)
298
8,086 8,086
2,818
40,000
44,033 44,282 44,282
20,000
0
n Subordinated Solvency valuation Net profits to be n Tier 3 Deduction for Assets eligible for
n Central assets adjustments distributed n Tier 2 ineligible Tier 2 and 3 solvency
n Members' assets n Tier 1
Lloyd’s CSCR* (£m) – reconciliation of assets from a UK GAAP basis to a Solvency II basis
£m 4,020 6,095 6,095
13 1 13
6,000
295 295
2,075
4,000
298
6,094
5,787 5,787
2,000 4,020
3,722
0
n Subordinated debt Solvency valuation n Tier 3 Deduction for ineligible Assets eligible for
n Central assets adjustments n Tier 2 Tier 2 and 3 solvency
n Members' assets n Tier 1
* Represents the position based on solvency returns which have not been assured by independent auditors; this may differ from the final 2024
submissions.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 50

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Claims development tables
The tables below illustrate the development of the estimates of earned ultimate cumulative claims for syndicates in aggregate
after the end of the underwriting year, illustrating how amounts estimated have changed from the first estimates made. Non-
sterling balances have been converted using 2024 year end exchange rates to aid comparability. As these tables are on an
underwriting year basis, there is an apparent jump from figures for the end of the underwriting year to one year later, as a large
proportion of premiums are earned in the year of account’s second year of development.
Gross
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 Total
Estimate of incurred claims £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
At the end of underwriting year 7,369 8,832 17,070 13,840 10,466 12,123 15,077 15,159 12,290 15,732
One year later 15,046 19,608 27,397 25,099 23,225 22,040 27,240 25,444 22,905
Two years later 16,087 21,213 29,368 27,474 23,911 22,827 27,625 25,968
Three years later 17,096 21,917 29,499 27,931 23,564 22,373 29,599
Four years later 17,302 22,170 30,096 28,471 23,642 22,317
Five years later 17,493 22,449 30,258 28,811 23,852
Six years later 17,434 22,645 30,518 29,096
Seven years later 17,546 22,911 30,805
Eight years later 17,686 22,995
Nine years later 17,633
Estimate of gross claims reserve 17,633 22,995 30,805 29,096 23,852 22,317 29,599 25,968 22,905 15,732 240,902
Provision in respect of older 4,619
years
Less gross claims paid (16,261) (20,759) (27,647) (24,667) (18,829) (15,833) (16,737) (12,539) (5,546) (1,308) (160,126)
Gross claims reserve 1,372 2,236 3,158 4,429 5,023 6,484 12,862 13,429 17,359 14,424 85,395
Net
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 Total
Estimate of incurred claims £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
At end of underwriting year 5,856 6,828 9,690 9,006 7,547 8,570 11,079 10,390 9,698 12,142
One year later 11,942 14,654 16,975 16,706 16,419 15,180 19,231 18,770 18,272
Two years later 12,661 15,616 18,376 18,179 16,253 15,686 19,647 19,257
Three years later 13,564 16,168 18,525 18,259 15,816 15,506 20,612
Four years later 13,456 16,094 18,600 18,300 15,647 15,372
Five years later 13,521 16,116 18,609 18,499 15,722
Six years later 13,312 16,178 18,767 18,580
Seven years later 13,398 16,232 18,910
Eight years later 13,431 16,367
Nine years later 13,528
Estimate of net claims reserve 13,528 16,367 18,910 18,580 15,722 15,372 20,612 19,257 18,272 12,142 168,762
Provision in respect of older 2,654
years
Less net claims paid (12,800) (15,218) (17,202) (16,121) (12,711) (11,093) (12,730) (9,769) (4,852) (1,153) (113,649)
Net claims reserve 728 1,149 1,708 2,459 3,011 4,279 7,882 9,488 13,420 10,989 57,767
Financial risk
Credit risk
Credit risk is the exposure to loss if a counterparty fails to perform its contractual obligations.
As discussed on page 48, the market’s principal credit risk is that the reinsurance purchased to protect the syndicates’ gross
losses does not respond as expected. Syndicates are also exposed to credit risk in their premium debtors. Credit risk in respect
of premium debt is controlled through broker approval and regular monitoring of premium settlement performance. Syndicates
and members are also exposed to credit risks in their investment portfolios. PRA and Lloyd’s investment guidelines are designed
to mitigate credit risk by ensuring diversification of holdings.
The carrying amount of financial assets and reinsurance assets represents the maximum credit risk exposure.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 51

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements continued
The table below shows the maximum exposure to credit risk for the components of the balance sheet. The maximum exposure
is shown gross, before the effect of mitigation through collateral agreements and the use of credit derivatives.
Neither past due nor Past due but not
impaired assets impaired Impaired Total
2024 £m £m £m £m
Debt securities 71,616 — — 71,616
Participation in investment pools 4,304 — — 4,304
Loans with credit and other institutions 3,695 — — 3,695
Deposits with credit institutions 4,267 — — 4,267
Derivative assets 76 — — 76
Other investments 226 — — 226
Reinsurers' share of claims outstanding 27,633 2 (7) 27,628
Cash at bank and in hand 12,039 — — 12,039
Total credit risk 123,856 2 (7) 123,851
Neither past due nor Past due but not Total
impaired assets impaired Impaired (Restated)
2023 £m £m £m £m
Debt securities 66,352 — — 66,352
Participation in investment pools 3,435 — — 3,435
Loans with credit and other institutions 3,524 — — 3,524
Deposits with credit institutions 5,311 — — 5,311
Derivative assets 33 — — 33
Other investments 171 — — 171
Reinsurers' share of claims outstanding 26,775 — (7) 26,768
Cash at bank and in hand 11,241 — — 11,241
Total credit risk 116,842 — (7) 116,835
In aggregate there were no material financial assets that would be past due or impaired whose terms have been renegotiated,
held by syndicates, the Society or within FAL in the current or prior period.
In aggregate there were no material debt and fixed income assets held that were past due or impaired beyond their reported
fair values, either for the current or prior periods under review or on a cumulative basis. For the current period and prior period,
in aggregate there were no material defaults on debt securities.
Assets held as collateral comprise cash and debt securities received as collateral against reinsurance assets transferred from
syndicates’ reinsurers.
The table below provides information regarding the credit risk exposure at 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023 by
classifying assets according to the credit ratings of the counterparties. AAA is the highest possible rating. Assets that fall
outside the range of AAA to BBB are classified as other. Debtors, other than amounts due from reinsurers, have been excluded
from the table as these are not rated. This table is the sum of assets neither past due nor impaired.
AAA AA A BBB Other Total
2024 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Debt securities 19,626 20,634 19,954 10,050 1,352 71,616
Participation in investment pools 352 94 350 603 2,905 4,304
Loans with credit and other institutions — — 7 — 3,688 3,695
Deposits with credit institutions 1,692 479 951 313 832 4,267
Derivative assets — — 19 — 57 76
Other investments 28 8 6 3 181 226
Reinsurers’ share of claims outstanding 280 10,133 15,420 41 1,759 27,633
Cash at bank and in hand 865 1,730 9,160 10 274 12,039
Total credit risk 22,843 33,078 45,867 11,020 11,048 123,856
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 52

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Total
AAA AA A BBB Other (Restated)
2023 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Debt securities 21,012 18,182 17,515 8,583 1,060 66,352
Participation in investment pools 222 151 209 285 2,568 3,435
Loans with credit and other institutions — — 3 — 3,521 3,524
Deposits with credit institutions 2,204 813 1,086 321 887 5,311
Derivative assets — — 10 — 23 33
Other investments — — 1 — 170 171
Reinsurers’ share of claims outstanding 342 8,875 15,391 42 2,125 26,775
Cash at bank and in hand 483 741 9,772 61 184 11,241
Total credit risk 24,263 28,762 43,987 9,292 10,538 116,842
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk arises where there are insufficient funds to meet liabilities, particularly claims. Managing agents are expected to
manage the cash needs of their syndicates on an ongoing basis and to avoid becoming forced sellers of assets. Generally,
syndicates have a high concentration of liquid assets, namely cash and government securities.
The Society centrally monitors syndicate liquidity and conducts stress tests to monitor the impact on liquidity of significant
claims events. The table below summarises the maturity profile of financial liabilities for the market.
No maturity stated 0-1 yrs 1-3 yrs 3-5 yrs >5 yrs Total
2024 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Claims outstanding 650 26,585 30,513 13,747 13,900 85,395
Derivative liabilities — 47 — — — 47
Deposits received from reinsurers 312 243 203 99 271 1,128
Creditors 623 11,038 1,165 208 96 13,130
Other liabilities 218 204 32 — — 454
Subordinated loan notes — — — — 298 298
Senior debt — 4 — — 299 303
Total liquidity risk 1,803 38,121 31,913 14,054 14,864 100,755
Total
No maturity stated 0-1 yrs 1-3 yrs 3-5 yrs >5 yrs (Restated)
2023 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Claims outstanding 480 24,777 28,049 12,397 13,071 78,774
Derivative liabilities — 30 3 — — 33
Deposits received from reinsurers 398 213 330 128 318 1,387
Creditors 741 10,243 1,213 172 293 12,662
Other liabilities 202 158 21 — — 381
Subordinated loan notes — 306 — — 298 604
Senior debt — 4 — — 299 303
Total liquidity risk 1,821 35,731 29,616 12,697 14,279 94,144
Market risk – overview
Market risk is the risk of loss, or of adverse change in financial situation resulting from fluctuations in the level of the market
prices of assets and liabilities arising from exposure to economic variables and market forces such as inflation, interest rates
and rates of foreign exchange.
Syndicate assets are held in premium trust funds and are subject to the asset rules contained in the PRA’s handbook and must
comply with Lloyd’s Membership & Underwriting Requirements. Managing agents manage asset risk through their investment
strategy. Oversight of market risk includes the monitoring of investment management. The Society monitors assets across the
full chain of security to ensure the asset disposition of the market and Society remains appropriate, closely monitoring global
economic and market trends.
The potential financial impact of changes in market value is additionally monitored through the capital setting process, and
asset mix must be reported to the Society on a quarterly basis, including credit rating analysis of fixed income portfolios.
Market risk comprises three types of risk:
i. currency risk
ii. interest rate risk
iii. equity price risk
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 53

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements continued
Currency risk
Managing agents must identify the main currencies in which each syndicate transacts its business. For the market overall, the
US dollar is the largest currency exposure. Assets are then held in each of those currencies to match the relevant liabilities.
Managing agents must ensure that assets match liabilities and take corrective action where a mismatch arises. The Society also
reviews the matching of assets to liabilities at the syndicate level as well as at the market level. In addition, many members seek
to match their capital disposition by currency against their peak exposures.
The profile of the aggregate of the Lloyd’s market assets and liabilities, categorised by currency at their translated carrying
amounts, was as follows:
Sterling US dollar Euro Canadian dollar Australian dollar Other Total
2024 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
Financial investments 11,843 66,035 4,694 8,202 2,974 2,103 95,851
Reinsurers’ share of technical
provisions 4,297 25,290 1,487 1,295 775 54 33,198
Insurance and reinsurance
receivables 3,847 19,885 1,220 731 594 186 26,463
Cash at bank and in hand 2,712 7,491 680 422 402 332 12,039
Other assets 1,354 6,154 696 391 313 58 8,966
Total assets 24,053 124,855 8,777 11,041 5,058 2,733 176,517
Technical provisions (17,486) (79,218) (6,196) (6,276) (3,203) (667) (113,046)
Insurance and reinsurance payables (1,176) (7,872) (488) (400) (293) (68) (10,297)
Other liabilities and subordinated
loan notes (2,390) (3,059) (400) (332) (23) (119) (6,323)
Total liabilities and subordinated
loan notes (21,052) (90,149) (7,084) (7,008) (3,519) (854) (129,666)
Total capital and reserves 3,001 34,706 1,693 4,033 1,539 1,879 46,851
Sterling US dollar Euro Canadian dollar Australian dollar Other Total
(Restated)
2023 £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
Financial investments 11,822 60,514 4,074 8,262 2,281 2,488 89,441
Reinsurers’ share of technical
provisions 4,478 23,891 1,550 1,328 512 45 31,804
Insurance and reinsurance
receivables 3,811 18,100 932 705 620 161 24,329
Cash at bank and in hand 2,419 6,798 691 438 452 443 11,241
Other assets 1,586 5,245 628 485 244 92 8,280
Total assets 24,116 114,548 7,875 11,218 4,109 3,229 165,095
Technical provisions (17,213) (70,520) (6,183) (6,399) (2,857) (667) (103,839)
Insurance and reinsurance payables (1,559) (7,553) (460) (403) (238) (63) (10,276)
Other liabilities and subordinated
loan notes (2,079) (3,094) (449) (444) (57) (192) (6,315)
Total liabilities and subordinated
loan notes (20,851) (81,167) (7,092) (7,246) (3,152) (922) (120,430)
Total capital and reserves 3,265 33,381 783 3,972 957 2,307 44,665
Sensitivity analysis
A 10% strengthening or weakening of the pound sterling against the following currencies at 31 December would have
increased/(decreased) the result before tax and members’ balances for the financial year by the amounts shown below. This
analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular interest rates, remain constant.
Impact on result Impact on
before tax members' balances
2024 £m £m
Strengthening of US dollar 485 2,967
Weakening of US dollar (396) (2,428)
Strengthening of euro 62 196
Weakening of euro (51) (160)
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 54

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Impact on result Impact on
before tax members' balances
2023 £m £m
Strengthening of US dollar 492 3,164
Weakening of US dollar (402) (2,589)
Strengthening of euro (21) 88
Weakening of euro 17 (72)
The impact on the result before tax is different from the impact on members’ balances as the calculation of the notional return
on members’ funds at Lloyd’s is not affected by currency movements.
Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that the value and future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in
interest rates. Lloyd’s operates a generally conservative investment strategy with material cash and short-dated bond portfolios,
which reduces the interest rate risk exposure.
The analysis below is performed for reasonably possible movements in interest rates with all other variables held constant,
showing the impact on the result before tax and equity of the effects of changes in interest rates.
Impact on result Impact on
before tax members' balances
2024 £m £m
+50 basis points shift in yield curves (760) (949)
-50 basis points shift in yield curves 767 956
Impact on result Impact on
before tax members' balances
2023 £m £m
+50 basis points shift in yield curves (632) (840)
-50 basis points shift in yield curves 638 847
Equity price risk
Equity price risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in
market prices (other than those arising from interest rate risk or currency risk), whether those changes are caused by factors
specific to the individual financial instrument or its issuer, or factors affecting all similar financial instruments traded in the
market.
Equity price risk exposure relates to financial assets and financial liabilities whose values will fluctuate as a result of changes in
market prices, principally investment securities.
Such risks are managed by setting and monitoring objectives and constraints on investments, diversification plans and limits on
investments in each sector and market.
In aggregate there is no significant concentration of equity price risk.
The analysis below is performed for reasonably possible movements in market indices on financial instruments with all other
variables held constant, showing the impact on the result before tax due to changes in fair value of financial assets and liabilities
(whose fair values are recorded in the profit and loss account) and members’ balances (that reflects adjustments to the result
before tax and changes in fair value of available for sale financial assets that are equity instruments).
Impact on result Impact on
before tax members' balances
2024 £m £m
5% increase in equity prices 220 389
5% decrease in equity prices (220) (389)
Impact on result Impact on
before tax members' balances
2023 £m £m
5% increase in equity prices 174 371
5% decrease in equity prices (174) (371)
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 55

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements continued
Concentration risk
The Society closely monitors concentrations of risk across the market and tests risk exposure against clearly defined risk
appetites, as established by the Council. Specialist supervisory teams across the Society monitor concentrations across the
following areas: region perils, line of business, geographical location, method of distribution in insurance and investment
counterparties, among others.
While syndicates define the type of business that they write, at the market level the Society seeks to avoid an inappropriate
concentration of premium sources, monitoring concentration of business in poorly performing lines, material sources of
premium by method of placement, as well as coverholder concentration, which feature in metrics reported quarterly to the
Council. Managing agents controlling more than 10% of overall market gross written premium are also subject to Council review.
Any reported metrics outside of appetite are reported to, and discussed by, the Risk Committee and the Council. Specific and
targeted actions can then be agreed, which will be discussed with specific managing agents or the market as a whole, as
appropriate. These actions can vary considerably depending on the nature of the risk or the line of business impacted, with
different levels of the requirements placed on syndicates, which forms part of the Society’s oversight role of the market.
Further analysis of premiums, claims, expenses and underwriting result by line of business is included within note 9, with
commentary on the performance of each line of business included on pages 26 to 33.
Regulatory risk
Regulatory risk is the risk of loss owing to a breach of regulatory requirements or failure to respond to regulatory change.
Managing agents monitor regulatory developments to ensure ongoing compliance and any impact on claims reserves.
Additionally, given current developments in the global regulatory landscape, the Society closely monitors changes that may
adversely impact the global licence network. The Society is actively working with the market to assist and adapt to the changes
in the UK regulatory architecture and managing agents are now expected to deliver against the Principles for doing business at
Lloyd’s. Similarly, the Society monitors global political trends and is taking action at both a market and Society level in response
to a growing geopolitical risk facing companies operating around the world.
Operational risk
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems, or from external
events. Managing agents manage these risks through internal compliance monitoring and the use of detailed procedure
manuals. The Society applies a principles-based oversight framework to managing agents and monitors delivery against these.
Group risk
Group risk is the risk of loss resulting from risk events arising within a related entity. While Lloyd’s is not a group, the Society
monitors potential risks that could affect Lloyd’s, for example arising from the activities of a parent company of a syndicate or
managing agent. While, by its nature, group risk is difficult to control, the Society mitigates its potential impact through the
implementation of controls, including the Principles for doing business at Lloyd’s, limiting any material impairment to Lloyd’s
brand, reputation or strategic priorities.
5. Prior year reserves
Movements in reserves are based upon estimated cost of claims as at 31 December 2024, taking into account all available
information as at the balance sheet date. These estimates are subject to variability until the date at which the underlying claims
are settled. Such changes in estimates are reflected in the technical account of the year in which they occur. The aggregate of
the prior year surpluses/deficiencies is a net surplus of £986m (2023: £812m), reflecting favourable claims development
compared with projections. Surpluses have been reported across all lines of business except Marine, Aviation and Transport,
where the reserve deterioration is predominantly caused by Aviation and the increase in loss estimates arising from the Ukraine
conflict.
6. Members’ funds at Lloyd’s
The valuation of members’ FAL in the balance sheet totals £30,500m (2023: £31,895m). The notional investment return on FAL
included in the non-technical profit and loss account totals £1,865m (2023: £2,082m). The notional investment return on FAL
has been calculated by applying quarterly yields from indices, net of management fees, to the value of FAL at the beginning of
each quarter except where the Society is the investment manager for FAL, in which case the actual return achieved has been
included.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 56

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
A significant proportion of FAL investments are US dollar denominated, and for these assets, US dollar yields from indices are
applied. The following table shows the indices used and the return applied for the full year.
Proportion of FAL Investment return
Investment type Index 2024 2023 2024 2023
UK equities FTSE All share 3.6% 4.1% 9.1% 7.3%
UK government bonds UK Gilts 1-3 years 4.4% 4.0% 2.6% 2.9%
UK corporate bonds UK Corporate 1-3 years 3.9% 2.7% 3.1% 3.7%
UK deposits managed by Lloyd’s Return achieved 3.3% 3.3% 5.2% 4.6%
UK deposits managed externally including letters of credit GBP LIBID 1 month 9.1% 7.0% 4.8% 4.4%
JPY government bonds JPY Gilts 1-3 years 3.2% 3.8% (0.8) % 0.0%
US equities S&P 500 Index 7.5% 8.2% 24.6% 24.4%
US government bonds US Treasuries 1-5 years 15.7% 19.6% 3.5% 4.1%
US corporate bonds US Corporate 1-5 years 24.7% 24.3% 4.7% 5.8%
US deposits managed by Lloyd’s Return achieved 5.7% 6.2% 5.7% 5.3%
US deposits managed externally including letters of credit USD LIBID 1 month 18.9% 16.8% 4.9% 4.8%
7. Society of Lloyd’s (the Society)
As stated in note 2(a), syndicates and the Society separately report the transactions and balances for technical insurance-
related transactions, members’ subscriptions and other charges, Central Fund contributions and interest on syndicate loans.
These balances are reversed from the Society’s results to arrive at the adjusted result of the Society in note 8 below.
8. Aggregation of results and net assets
A reconciliation between the results, statement of comprehensive income and net assets reported in the syndicate annual
accounts, members’ FAL and by the Society, is set out below:
2024 2023
Profit and loss account £m £m
Result per syndicate annual accounts 7,324 8,470
Adjusted result of the Society 436 111
Result attributable to non-controlling interests 1 —
Notional investment return on members’ funds at Lloyd’s 1,865 2,082
Profit for the financial year before tax 9,626 10,663
2024 2023
Capital and reserves £m £m
Net assets per syndicate annual accounts 13,589 10,327
Adjusted net assets of the Society 2,746 2,443
Assets attributable to non-controlling interests 16 —
Members’ funds at Lloyd’s 30,500 31,895
Total capital and reserves 46,851 44,665
The adjusted result of the Society includes the elimination of transactions between syndicates and the Society (which have
been reported within both the syndicate annual accounts and the Society financial statements) and movements in the central
reserve margin (as disclosed in 2(a)). The adjusted net assets of the Society include a central reserve margin of £500m (2023:
£480m).
For further information on the non-controlling interest, refer to the Society Report, note 34.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 57

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements continued
9. Segmental analysis
The syndicate returns to the Society provided additional information to derive the following table in respect of the lines of
business reviewed in the financial highlights.
Gross written Net earned Net incurred Net operating Underwriting
premiums premium claims expenses result
2024 £m £m £m £m £m
Reinsurance 18,729 13,828 (7,901) (4,228) 1,699
Casualty 13,403 9,694 (4,881) (3,923) 890
Property 15,893 11,130 (4,848) (4,231) 2,051
Marine, Aviation and Transport 4,507 3,567 (2,299) (1,420) (152)
Energy 1,957 1,316 (820) (421) 75
Motor 1,017 858 (468) (297) 93
Life 40 31 (5) (19) 7
Total from syndicate operations 55,546 40,424 (21,222) (14,539) 4,663
Transactions between syndicates and the Society (notes 2 and 7)
and insurance operations of the Society 651 651
PFFS premiums and underwriting result 55,546 40,424 (21,222) (13,888) 5,314
Allocated investment return transferred from the non-technical
account 2,637
Balance on the technical account for general business 7,951
Gross written Net earned Net incurred Net operating Underwriting
premiums premium claims expenses result
2023 £m £m £m £m £m
Reinsurance 17,338 12,902 (6,432) (3,920) 2,550
Casualty 12,991 8,973 (4,694) (3,703) 576
Property 14,767 9,710 (4,010) (3,758) 1,942
Marine, Aviation and Transport 4,297 3,352 (2,056) (1,266) 30
Energy 1,813 1,215 (637) (388) 190
Motor 889 728 (447) (250) 31
Life 54 45 (26) (16) 3
Total from syndicate operations 52,149 36,925 (18,302) (13,301) 5,322
Transactions between syndicates and the Society (notes 2 and 7)
and insurance operations of the Society 588 588
PFFS premiums and underwriting result 52,149 36,925 (18,302) (12,713) 5,910
Allocated investment return transferred from the non-technical
account 2,711
Balance on the technical account for general business 8,621
The geographical analysis of direct insurance premiums by location where contracts were concluded is as follows:
2024 2023
£m £m
United Kingdom 35,494 34,145
European Union member states 114 5
Rest of the world 1,209 661
Total 36,817 34,811
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 58

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
10. Life business
The PFFS include the results of all life and non-life syndicates transacting business during 2024. The results and net assets for
life syndicates are not material and have not been separately disclosed in the profit and loss account and balance sheet. The
results for life business are reported in the segmental analysis (note 9).
11. Net operating expenses
2024 2023
£m £m
Acquisition costs 12,825 11,800
Change in deferred acquisition costs (654) (650)
Administrative expenses 3,646 3,257
Reinsurance commissions and profit participation (1,929) (1,694)
Total 13,888 12,713
Total commissions on direct insurance business accounted for in the year amounted to £8,321m (2023: £7,732m).
12.Total investment return
2024 2023
Interest and similar income £m £m
From financial instruments designated as at fair value through profit or loss 2,043 1,462
From available for sale investments 27 93
Dividend income 42 28
Interest on cash at bank 223 227
Other interest and similar income 40 38
Notional investment return on members’ funds at Lloyd’s 1,865 2,082
Investment expenses (88) (74)
Total 4,152 3,856
Gains/(losses) on the realisation of investments 451 (215)
Unrealised gains on investments 311 1,675
Other relevant losses — (6)
Total 762 1,454
Total investment return 4,914 5,310
13.Financial investments
2024 2023
(Restated)
£m £m
Shares and other variable yield securities 11,667 10,615
Debt securities and other fixed income securities 71,616 66,352
Participation in investment pools 4,304 3,435
Loans and deposits with credit and other institutions 7,962 8,835
Other investments 302 204
Total financial investments 95,851 89,441
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 59

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements continued
Disclosures of fair values in accordance with the fair value hierarchy
Fair value measurements have been classified using a fair value hierarchy that reflects the significance of the inputs used in
making the measurements.
The fair value hierarchy includes the following classifications:
• Level 1 – Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets. An active market is one in which transactions for
the asset occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide readily and regularly available quoted prices.
• Level 2 – Inputs to a valuation model other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset, either
directly (ie. as prices) or indirectly (derived from prices).
• Level 3 – Inputs to a valuation model for the asset that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs) and
are significant to the overall fair value measurement. Unobservable inputs may have been used to measure fair value to the
extent that observable inputs are not available, thereby allowing for situations in which there is little, if any, market activity for
the asset at the measurement date (or market information for the inputs to any valuation models). As such, unobservable
inputs reflect the assumptions it is considered that market participants would use in pricing the asset.
The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement is categorised in its entirety is determined on the
basis of the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The significance of an input is assessed against
the fair value measurement in its entirety. If a fair value measurement uses observable inputs that require significant adjustment
based on unobservable inputs, that measurement is categorised at Level 3. Assessing the significance of a particular input to
the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgement, considering factors specific to the asset.
Sub-total fair Assets held at
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 value amortised cost Total
2024 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Shares and other variable yield securities 6,504 3,788 1,375 11,667 — 11,667
Debt securities and other fixed income securities 25,498 45,979 57 71,534 82 71,616
Participation in investment pools 3,100 1,050 154 4,304 — 4,304
Loans and deposits with credit and other
institutions 4,914 2,777 152 7,843 119 7,962
Other investments 67 62 173 302 — 302
Total assets 40,083 53,656 1,911 95,650 201 95,851
Borrowings (13) — — (13) (2) (15)
Derivative liabilities (15) (26) (6) (47) — (47)
Total liabilities (28) (26) (6) (60) (2) (62)
Sub-total fair Assets held at
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 value amortised cost Total (Restated)
2023 £m £m £m £m £m £m
Shares and other variable yield securities 6,002 3,332 1,280 10,614 1 10,615
Debt securities and other fixed income securities 27,352 38,991 9 66,352 — 66,352
Participation in investment pools 2,140 1,222 73 3,435 — 3,435
Loans and deposits with credit and other
institutions 4,898 3,173 145 8,216 619 8,835
Other investments 6 20 178 204 — 204
Total assets 40,398 46,738 1,685 88,821 620 89,441
Borrowings — — — — — —
Derivative liabilities (6) (22) (5) (33) — (33)
Total liabilities (6) (22) (5) (33) — (33)
14.Debtors arising out of direct insurance operations
2024 2023
£m £m
Due within one year 16,621 15,049
Due after one year 203 225
Total 16,824 15,274
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 60

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
15.Debtors arising out of reinsurance operations
2024 2023
£m £m
Due within one year 9,157 8,563
Due after one year 482 492
Total 9,639 9,055
16.Cash at bank and in hand
Cash at bank and in hand of £12,039m (2023 (Restated): £11,241m) includes letters of credit and bank guarantees held in trust
within members’ FAL to meet policyholder claims as required, totalling £7,836m (2023: £7,314m).
17. Note to the statement of cash flows
Cash and cash equivalents comprise the following:
2024 2023
(Restated)
£m £m
Cash at bank and in hand 12,039 11,241
Deposits with credit institutions 2,984 2,689
Bank overdrafts (297) (338)
Total 14,726 13,592
Of the cash and cash equivalents, £268m (2023: £201m) is held in regulated bank accounts in overseas jurisdictions.
18.Members’ balances
2024 2023
£m £m
Members' balances brought forward at 1 January 10,266 2,961
Result for the year per syndicate annual accounts 7,324 8,470
Distribution in relation to closure of underwriting years (3,069) (780)
Advance distributions on open underwriting years (360) (83)
Cash calls requested 71 329
Net movement on funds in syndicate (see note below) (809) (338)
Foreign exchange gains/(losses) 108 (259)
Other 2 (34)
Members’ balances at 31 December 13,533 10,266
Members participate on syndicates by reference to years of account. Members’ ultimate results, assets and liabilities are
assessed by year of account, with reference to policies incepting in that year of account. Members’ balances represent the net
profit/(loss) to be distributed/(collected) by syndicates to/(from) the members. Where there are profits and members’ funds at
Lloyd’s held in excess of members’ capital requirements, they will be distributed in the second quarter of 2025.
Members that only participate on one syndicate may hold the capital supporting their underwriting in their syndicate’s premium
trust funds. These funds are known as funds in syndicate (FIS). At 31 December 2024, there was £2,567m (2023: £3,225m) of
FIS within members’ balances. Where a member takes advantage of this facility in the year, the movement is reflected in the
above table as ‘net movement on funds in syndicate’.
19.Technical provisions and deferred acquisition costs
(a) Provision for unearned premiums
Gross Reinsurance
provisions assets Net
2024 £m £m £m
Balance at 1 January 25,065 (5,036) 20,029
Premiums written during the year 55,546 (13,005) 42,541
Premiums earned during the year (52,918) 12,494 (40,424)
Effect of movements in exchange rate (42) (23) (65)
Balance at 31 December 27,651 (5,570) 22,081
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 61

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements continued
Gross Reinsurance
provisions assets Net
2023 £m £m £m
Balance at 1 January 23,228 (4,847) 18,381
Premiums written during the year 52,149 (12,798) 39,351
Premiums earned during the year (49,557) 12,632 (36,925)
Effect of movements in exchange rate (755) (23) (778)
Balance at 31 December 25,065 (5,036) 20,029
(b) Deferred acquisition costs
2024 2023
£m £m
Balance at 1 January 5,835 5,387
Change in deferred acquisition costs 654 650
Effect of movements in exchange rate (3) (192)
Other deferred acquisition costs (10) (10)
Balance at 31 December 6,476 5,835
(c) Claims outstanding
Gross Reinsurance
provisions assets Net
2024 £m £m £m
Balance at 1 January 78,774 (26,768) 52,006
Claims paid during the year (22,298) 6,585 (15,713)
Claims incurred during the year 28,597 (7,375) 21,222
Effect of movements in exchange rate 144 (31) 113
Other 178 (39) 139
Balance at 31 December 85,395 (27,628) 57,767
Gross Reinsurance
provisions assets Net
2023 £m £m £m
Balance at 1 January 80,905 (29,408) 51,497
Claims paid during the year (22,378) 6,967 (15,411)
Claims incurred during the year 23,940 (5,638) 18,302
Effect of movements in exchange rate (3,321) 1,295 (2,026)
Other (372) 16 (356)
Balance at 31 December 78,774 (26,768) 52,006
Other movements include loss portfolio transfers in the period.
20. Discounted claims
Discounting may be applied to claims provisions where there are individual claims with structured settlements that have annuity-
like characteristics, or for books of business with mean term payment greater than four years. Certain syndicates have elected
to discount their claims provisions.
The claims have been discounted as follows:
Average discounted rates Average mean term liabilities
2023 2023
2024 (Restated)* 2024 (Restated)*
Class of business % % years years
Motor (third party liability) 3.22 2.90 23.62 23.05
Motor (other classes) 3.00 3.00 32.00 33.00
Third party liability 4.23 3.80 24.00 23.57
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 62

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
The period that will elapse before claims are settled is determined using impaired life mortality rates. The claims provisions
before discounting are as follows:
Undiscounted claims Effects of discounting After discounting
2023 2023 2023
2024 (Restated)* 2024 (Restated)* 2024 (Restated)*
£m £m £m £m £m £m
Gross claims provisions 1,254 1,301 (612) (590) 642 711
Reinsurers' share of total claims (752) (825) 325 332 (427) (493)
* Comparatives for 2023 have been restated as a result of the identification and correction of an error and a change in accounting policy, reported in
syndicate submissions. The restatement has no impact on the balance sheet.
21.Creditors arising out of direct insurance operations
2024 2023
£m £m
Due within one year 1,222 1,047
Due after one year 10 8
Total 1,232 1,055
22. Creditors arising out of reinsurance operations
2024 2023
£m £m
Due within one year 8,095 7,951
Due after one year 970 1,270
Total 9,065 9,221
23. Five year summary
2024 2023 2022 2021 2020
(Restated)
Results £m £m £m £m £m
Gross written premiums 55,546 52,149 46,705 39,216 35,466
Net written premiums 42,541 39,351 34,570 28,439 25,826
Net earned premiums 40,424 36,925 32,458 26,657 25,876
Result attributable to underwriting 5,314 5,910 2,641 1,741 (2,676)
Result for the year before tax 9,626 10,663 (769) 2,277 (887)
Assets employed
Cash and investments 107,890 100,682 95,872 83,998 79,951
Net technical provisions 79,848 72,035 69,878 58,590 56,034
Other net assets 18,809 16,018 13,608 10,349 9,229
Capital and reserves 46,851 44,665 39,602 35,757 33,146
Statistics
Combined ratio (%) 86.9 84.0 91.9 93.5 110.3
Return on capital (%) 21.0 25.3 (2.0) 6.6 (2.8)
24. Related party transactions
The annual accounts of each syndicate provide, where appropriate, the required disclosures on related parties. Syndicate level
disclosures are specific to that syndicate and its managing agent. For 2024, there were no material related party transactions
conducted outside normal market conditions reported in the syndicate annual accounts requiring disclosure. The related party
transactions of the Society are disclosed in note 36 on page 163.
25. Events after the reporting period
In January 2025, a series of wildfires spread across California, resulting in significant damage to property and infrastructure.
Based on the information currently available, we estimate the net loss to the market for the Californian wildfires to be
approximately US$2.3 billion.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 63

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Society
Report
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 64

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Governance at a glance 66
Governance essentials 68
The Code 69
Council report 70
Statement by the members of the Council 72
Nominations and Governance Committee report 76
Risk Committee report 80
Audit Committee report 83
Remuneration Committee report 88
Committees of the Council 99
Special Committees of the Council 101
Report of the Lloyd’s Members’ Ombudsman 102
Climate-related financial disclosures 103
Group financial review 110
Statement of Council’s responsibilities 117
Independent auditor’s report to the members of the
Society of Lloyd’s 118
Society Financial Statements
Group Profit and Loss Account and Statement of
Comprehensive Income 124
Group Balance Sheet 125
Group Statement of Changes in Equity 127
Group Statement of Cash Flows 128
Notes to the Financial Statements 129
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 65

The Society’s governance structure provides challenge, clarity and accountability. The
Council of Lloyd’s is the governing body of the Society of Lloyd’s (the ‘Society’). Certain
functions are reserved to the Council, but beyond the reserved functions the Council
delegates authority to carry out specified functions to committees including the
Remuneration, Nominations and Governance, Risk and Audit Committees and the
Executive, as summarised below.
Council composition (as at 31 December 2024)
n n
0 to 2 years 33% Nominated members 40%
n n
2 to 4 years 17% External members 20%
n n
4 to 6 years 17% Working members 20%
n n
6 to 8 years 25% Executive Directors 20%
n
8 to 9 years 8%
Please note, lower boundaries are inclusive. For example, a member with a six-year tenure would be included in the six to eight years’ tenure category.
Organisational chart (as at 31 December 2024)
The Council of Lloyd’s
seettimmoC licnuoC
eht
fo
Nominations
Audit Risk Remuneration
and Governance
Committee Committee Committee
Committee
Technology and
Blueprint Underwriting
Investment Sustainability Transformation
Two Cutover Advisory Panel
Committee Committee Advisory Panel*
Committee (BCC) (UAP)
(TTA)
dna
laicepS
elbatirahC seettimmoC
Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Governance at a glance
Council Council
composition by composition by
tenure member type
Market
Supervision Lloyd’s of
Lloyd’s Capacity
& Review London
Enforcement Board Transfer Panel (CTP)
Committee Foundation
(MSARC)
* On 13 February 2025, the TTA was reconfigured into a formal committee of the Council - the 'Technology and Transformation Committee' (TTC).
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 66

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Council
Management and superintendence of the affairs of the Society and has the power to regulate and direct the business
of insurance at Lloyd’s and make Byelaws.
See page 70 See page 72 for the
for further information Council Statement
Nominations and Risk Committee Audit Committee Remuneration Committee
Governance Committee
Responsible for reviewing the Assists the Council in its oversight Assists the Council in monitoring Responsible for setting
governance arrangements and of the identification and control of the integrity of the Society’s remuneration arrangements for
leadership needs of the Society material risks to the objectives of financial reporting, assessing the the Chairman, Chief Executive
and its subsidiaries. Lloyd’s. effectiveness of the systems of Officer, the Executive Directors
internal control of the Society and and any other direct reports,
monitoring the effectiveness, executive management or other
independence and objectivity of persons as appropriate.
the internal and external auditors.
See page 76 See page 80 See page 83 See page 88
for further information for further information for further information for further information
Investment Sustainability BCC TTA UAP
Committee Committee
Recommends to the Responsible for reviewing, Assists the Council by Assisted the Council by Assists the Chief of
Council the investment challenging and approving reviewing proposals by sharing insights, expert Markets by sharing, where
objectives and submissions in respect of the Executive on key advice and assessments appropriate, insights and
parameters of centrally the Lloyd’s sustainability, milestones for the of developments in the assessments regarding
managed assets and is culture and responsible achievement of Blueprint delivery, communication underwriting conditions,
responsible for reviewing business strategies. Two phases one and two and adoption of the developments and trends
performance against cutover dates. Blueprint Two in the insurance market
these. It monitors programme, identifying (including any long-term
investment operations issues and challenges for issues) and providing
and has a monitoring/ consideration, focus and expert advice on technical
oversight role in respect of review by the BCC and the market matters.
the Investment Platform. Council.
See page 99 for See page 99 for See page 100 for See page 100 for See page 100 for
further information further information further information further information further information
Lloyd’s of London
MSARC Lloyd’s Enforcement Board CTP Foundation
Takes decisions regarding Has jurisdiction over enforcement Exercises the Council’s powers in The independent charity founded
the exercise of the Society’s proceedings (save the power to relation to syndicate minority and funded by Lloyd’s which
enforcement powers. It acts as a impose administrative fines) buyouts and mergers. provides a vehicle for charitable
review body capable of amending, instituted by the Council unless activity and engagement for the
modifying or withdrawing certain and until the enforcement Lloyd’s Corporation. The
decisions taken by the Executive proceedings are referred to Foundation is a centre of expertise
affecting managing agents. an enforcement tribunal. for delivering long-term
meaningful social impact with the
support of employees, market
firms and other stakeholders.
See page 101 See Enforcement Byelaw See page 101 See page 17
for further information for more information for further information for further information
The day-to-day powers and functions of the Council are carried out by the Society’s Executive. The Executive then
delegates to the Executive Leadership Group as appropriate.
Executive Committee
The Executive Committee is composed of the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Investment Officer, Chief of Markets,
Chief Commercial Officer and CEO of Lloyd's Americas, Interim Chief Operations Officer, Chief People Officer, Chief Risk Officer,
Chief Underwriting Officer, Corporate Affairs Director, Deputy Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel.
Details of the Executive Committee can be found on www.lloyds.com
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 67
licnuoC
eht
fo
seettimmoC
seettimmoC
elbatirahC
dna
laicepS

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Governance essentials
(Corporate Governance Code Principles B, C, F, G, H and I; Provisions 7, 14 and 16)
To support and enhance our governance framework there are various components in
place, which we summarise below.
Terms of reference and appointment terms Training
• Terms of reference (TOR) exist for the Council and its • New Council members are provided with a guide for
committees. members of the Lloyd’s committees and a tailored
• The Chairman’s role and responsibilities are defined by induction programme that includes briefings with
the Lloyd’s Act 1982, the Constitutional Arrangements senior executive management on Lloyd’s, its
Byelaw and TOR. operations and the key current issues.
• There are TOR for the Chairman and Deputy Chairs • Council members receive annual training on their
(including the Senior Independent Deputy Chairman). duties as members of the Council and on new
• There are also TOR for the Chief Executive Officer developments that are relevant to the business of
and members of the Executive Committee. Lloyd’s.
• TOR provide a clear division of responsibilities
between the leadership of the Council and the
Executive leadership of the Society.
TOR are available to view at www.lloyds.com
The terms and conditions of appointment of non-executive
members of the Council are available on request by
members of the Society to the Secretary to the Council.
Conflicts of interest Indemnities
• A register of interests of members of the Council and • The Society has given indemnities to a number of its
its committees is maintained by the Secretary to the subsidiary undertakings, and the Directors thereof, in
Council and is available for inspection on request by respect of any claims or actions which may be brought
members of the Society. against them, or any future operating losses incurred
• On appointment, non-executive members of the Council by them in connection with the companies’ activities.
notify the Secretary to the Council of any conflicts of • The Society has also given indemnities to and has
interest. Thereafter, there is an ongoing obligation for agreed to cover certain specific costs that may be
members of the Council to notify the Secretary to the incurred by members of the Council, its committees
Council of any conflicts of interest which arise after and Directors of certain subsidiaries, the Society’s
appointment. The Council is provided with a view of the employees, and certain individuals and organisations
conflict position bi-annually and as required. who have been asked to carry out or provide services
• Where a conflict of interest arises, the member is to the Society or on behalf of, or for the benefit of, its
recused from the meeting. In addition, papers for members.
meetings are redacted appropriately. Training is
provided annually.
Independent professional advice
• Council members and committee members have access to independent professional advice, if required.
• In addition, Council members and committee members have access to the advice of the Secretary to the Council, who is
responsible for advising the Council on all governance matters. Both the appointment and removal of the Secretary to
the Council are matters for the Council as a whole.
Council and committee attendance in 2024
• Regular annual meetings are scheduled at appropriate intervals in line with an agreed meeting schedule, with the
Council ordinarily holding eight scheduled meetings a year.
• Additional unscheduled meetings are arranged as required, and in exceptional circumstances the timing of scheduled
meetings may need to be adjusted, and while every effort is made to arrange that all members are able to attend that is
not always possible at short notice.
• Outside of the formal Council and committee meetings, non-executives have unfettered access to the Executive, liaise
with management on activities aligned to their key skills and attend appropriate strategy and training events.
• All members of Council are invited to attend an annual strategy day.
• Attendance at scheduled Council and committee meetings is set out in the remainder of this report.
• Where a member has been appointed or retired during the year, meeting attendance is shown against the number of
possible scheduled meetings they could have attended rather than the annual number of scheduled meetings.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 68

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
The Code
The Council is committed to the principle of good corporate governance and supports
the application of the principles of the UK Corporate Governance Code 2018 (the
‘Code’). An internal assessment of the Code has been undertaken. Except where
expressly stated below, the Society has complied throughout the reporting period with
the Code insofar as its principles/provisions can be applied to the governance of a
Society of members and a market of separate and competing entities.
We set out below the Society’s disclosure on how the principles/provisions of the Code have been complied with, directing the
reader to the relevant part of the Governance sections of the Society Report which contains more information and an
explanation of any divergences (with appropriate signposting to assist the reader). The table below also directs the reader to
relevant parts of the Strategic Report. Please also refer to the Sustainability Report for related content, including culture.
In 2024, the Financial Reporting Council published the 2024 UK Corporate Governance Code (which shall apply to financial
years beginning on or after 1 January 2025) and this will be incorporated in future reporting.
Principles Provisions
1. Board leadership and company purpose Comply? More info Number Comply? More info
(A) Board’s role p.12-19; p.70-75 1-8 p.8-19; p.66-101
(B) Company’s purpose, values, strategies and culture p.8-19; p.66-101 1-8 p.8-19; p.66-101
alignment
(C) Company’s resources and controls to assess and p.66-101 1-8 p.8-19; p.66-101
manage risk
(D) Stakeholder engagement p.66-101 1-8 p.8-19; p.66-101
(E) Workforce policies, practices and raising concerns p.66-101 1-8 p.8-19; p.66-101
2. Division of responsibilities
(F) Chair’s role p.66-101 9-10 p.66-101
(G) Board composition and division of responsibilities p.66-101 12-14 p.66-101
(H) Non-executive directors’ roles and sufficient time to p.66-101 16 p.66-101
meet responsibilities
(I) Board resources p.66-101 11, 15 Departure p.70 and 78
3. Composition, succession and evaluation
(J) Appointments, succession planning and diversity p.66-101 17 Departure p.76
(K) Board and committees’ skills, experience, p.66-101 18 Departure p.70
knowledge and length of service
(L) Board annual evaluation and individual evaluation p.66-101 19-23 p.66-101
4. Audit, risk and internal control
(M) Independence and effectiveness of internal and p.66-101 24 Departure p.83
external audit
(N) Fair, balanced and understandable assessment of p.66-101 25-31 p.20-22; p.66-101
the Company’s position and prospects
(O) Principal risks and procedures to manage risk and p.20-24; p.66-101 25-31 p.20-24; p.66-101
oversee internal control framework
5. Remuneration
(P) Remuneration policies and practices, strategy and p.66-101 32 Departure p.97
long-term sustainable success, executive
remuneration alignment to company purpose,
values and long-term strategy
(Q) Executive, director and senior manager p.66-101 33-37 p.66-101
remuneration and formal, transparent procedures & 39-40
(R) Independent judgement and discretion and p.66-101 38, 41 Departure p.92-94
remuneration outcomes
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 69

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Council report
Council composition (Code Principles D, G, H and K; Provisions
Council responsibility (Code
3, 11, 18 and 19)
Principle A)
The composition and appointment/election processes for Council members
The Council is the governing body of the
are prescribed by the Lloyd’s Act 1982 and the Constitutional Arrangements
Society of Lloyd’s (the ‘Society’) and has
Byelaw (No. 2 of 2010) (‘CAB’).
ultimate responsibility for overall
management of the market. The terms The Council comprises a maximum of 15 members, split between three
of reference of the Council can be found at working, three external, six independent nominated members and three
www.lloyds.com. executive nominated members (the latter known as ‘the Executive Directors
of the Council’) as set out in the table below. Accordingly, and in line with
Council members (Code Principle best practice, the Council’s composition ensures that no one individual or a
K; Provisions 10 and 19) small group of individuals dominate the Council’s decision-making.
Biographical details of members of the
Nominated • Appointed by the Council on recommendation of the
Council can be found at www.lloyds.com.
members Nominations and Governance Committee, by a
Council attendance (Code ‘Special Resolution’ which requires separate majorities
Principles D and G; Provisions 9, 10 of (a) the working members of Council, and (b) the
and 14) other members of Council combined.
Scheduled External and • Elected by the external and working members of
meetings
Working Lloyd’s.
attended*
Chair Bruce Carnegie-Brown1 8/8 members • Elections for working members operates on a one
member, one vote basis.
Nominated Angela Crawford-Ingle 8/8
members2 Joe Hurd3 8/8 • In elections for external members, voting is weighted
by allocated underwriting capacity as determined
Fiona Luck 7/8
under the CAB.
Neil Maidment4 8/8
Executive • The Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer
Lord Mark Sedwill 8/8
Directors of the and Chief of Markets.
External Dominick Hoare5 8/8
Council
members Marcus Johnson 8/8
Sean McGovern 6/8
Members are usually appointed or elected for a three-year term, renewable
Working Andrew Brooks 8/8 up to a maximum of nine years in total, save that Executive Directors of the
members Victoria Carter 7/8 Council have no maximum term of office. Members are not therefore subject
Richard Dudley 8/8 to annual re-election, and this is a departure from Provision 18 of the Code.
Executive Burkhard Keese6 8/8 This deviation from the Code is considered appropriate in the context of
Directors John Neal 8/8 appointment and election procedures that enable representation of the
of the Patrick Tiernan7 7/8 members of the Society and the market for all key appointments – with
Council
direct election of the three working and three external members, and
Notes:
oversight of the selection process for nominated members by a Nominations
* Eight scheduled meetings were held during and Governance Committee, which comprises an equal number of elected
2024 with one of those scheduled meetings
market representatives and independent non-executives.
being rearranged at short notice (which
impacted on the availability of some Council
The majority of the Council is non-executive but, as the elected market
members). Four ad hoc meetings were also
held. members are not considered to be independent, the composition of the
1. On 19 September 2024, Sir Charles Roxburgh Council deviates from Provision 11 of the Code, in that independent
KCB was confirmed as the next Chair of Lloyd’s
members do not form a majority. This departure from the Code is
with effect from 1 May 2025, subject to
regulatory approval. considered appropriate, as the composition of the Council is tailored to the
2. For the purposes of the UK Corporate needs of the Society and the Lloyd’s market and meets the requirements of
Governance Code the nominated members
the Lloyd’s Act 1982 (which does not apply to other companies).
listed above are considered to be independent.
Jane Warren was appointed as an external
The presence of elected market members on the Council enables the
member of the Council with effect from
1 February 2025. independent nominated members to gain an understanding of the views of
3. Joe Hurd was appointed as Culture Champion key stakeholders in the Lloyd’s market. It is acknowledged that the presence
with effect from 4 September 2024.
of market members on the Council elevates the risk of conflicts of interest
4. Neil Maidment ceased as a member of the
Council with effect from 31 January 2025, due arising. This risk is actively managed via the Council’s conflict of interest
to completion of a full nine-year term. On 7 procedures, which are outlined on page 68.
January 2025, Alexander Baugh was appointed
as a nominated member of the Council, subject
to regulatory approval.
5. Dominick Hoare ceased as a member of the
Council with effect from 31 January 2025.
6. Burkhard Keese shall cease as a member of the
Council on 30 April 2025. On 29 January 2025,
Alexandra Cliff was appointed as CFO, effective
1 May 2025, subject to regulatory approval.
7. Patrick Tiernan was on medical leave during
August 2024 and returned during November
2024.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 70

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Chairman and Deputy Chairs (Code Principle F; Provisions 9, 12, 18 and 32)
In accordance with the Lloyd’s Act 1982, the Chairman and Deputy Chairs of Lloyd’s are elected annually by special resolution
of the Council from among its members. If the Chairman is not a working member of the Society, then at least one of the Deputy
Chairs must be. At the date of this report there are three Deputy Chairs: Lord Mark Sedwill (nominated member), Victoria Carter
(working member) and Andrew Brooks (working member).
The Chairman leads the Council, and his principal responsibility is to create the conditions to ensure the overall effectiveness of
the Council.
The Chairman is contracted to work three days a week but commits as much time as is necessary to undertake the role. The
Council acknowledges that the Chairman has other commitments outside Lloyd’s and is satisfied that these can be
accommodated alongside the Chair position of Lloyd’s. For the purposes of the Code, the Chairman was considered to be
independent upon his appointment. Lord Mark Sedwill, a nominated member, was appointed Senior Independent Deputy
Chairman (the Society’s equivalent of the senior independent director), with effect from 3 December 2021.
Council meetings (Code Principles F and H; Provisions 2, 3,13 and 29)
The meetings of the Council are structured to allow open discussion. At each scheduled meeting the Council receives certain
regular reports including:
• a written report from the Chief Executive Officer.
• reports from the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Chief of Markets, Chief People Officer, General Counsel and
Secretary to the Council as appropriate.
• updates from Committees (Nominations, Audit, Risk, Sustainability, Remuneration, Investment, TTA and BCC) after each
meeting (with additional reports submitted when necessary).
Annual Reports from each Committee are submitted to the Council when required by its TOR.
Members of the Executive Committee attend Council meetings, as appropriate. Private sessions are held regularly by the
Chairman at the end of Council meetings without the Executive being present.
Council responsibilities (Code Principle A)
Under the Lloyd’s Act 1982, the Council undertakes the management and superintendence of the affairs of the Society and has
the power to regulate and direct the business of insurance at Lloyd’s. Certain functions are reserved to the Council, including:
• setting Lloyd’s strategy.
• the making, amendment or revocation of Byelaws (which are available on the Acts and Byelaws page at www.lloyds.com).
• setting the Corporation budget.
• setting Central Fund contribution rates.
• appointing the Chairman and Deputy Chairs of Lloyd’s.
• approving Lloyd’s risk appetites.
• permitting a company to act as a managing agent.
• setting Society level capital requirements.
Beyond the reserved functions, the Council can delegate its powers or functions to any person, committee or employee of the
Society.
The Council has responsibility for the day-to-day management of the market. The Council has delegated authority to carry out
specified functions to committees including the Remuneration, Nominations and Governance, Risk and Audit Committees and
the Executives. The day-to-day powers and functions of the Council are carried out by the Society’s Executive.
A governance effectiveness review of the Council and selected committees was conducted. For further information, please see
the Nominations and Governance Report.
Constitutional Requirements (Code Principles A, B and R; Provisions 7 and 35)
The Constitutional Requirements, as set out in the CAB, align, so far as appropriate, the Society’s governance arrangements
with the Companies Act 2006. They include provisions concerning the duties and responsibilities of Council members.
In summary, members of the Council and their committees are required to act in a way which “would be most likely to promote
the success of the Society for the benefit of the members as a whole and in accordance with the Objects of the Society” and
must have regard to:
• the likely consequences of any decision in the long term.
• the needs of the Society to:
– foster business relations with those who do business at Lloyd’s.
– have regard to the interests of its employees.
– consider the impact of its operations on the community and the environment.
– maintain a reputation for high standards of business conduct.
The CAB also deals with conflicts of interest and set out the duties of Council members which include a responsibility to
exercise independent judgement and maintain collective responsibility.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 71

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Statement by the members of the Council
In relation to paragraph 3.2 of the Constitutional Arrangements Byelaw, equivalent to s.172(1) of the
Companies Act 2006 (the ‘Act’).
The members of Council are committed to fulfilling their responsibilities under paragraph 3.2 of the Constitutional Arrangements
Byelaw, ensuring that they take into account the likely impact of any decision, in the long term, as well as the interests of our
stakeholders. While not subject to the Act, the Council has accordingly elected to include this statement.
Refer to the Constitutional Arrangements Byelaw for more information available on www.lloyds.com
Stakeholder engagement (Code Principles B, D and E; Provisions 2, 3, 5 and 23)
The Council has a duty to act in the interests of the Society’s members. All decisions have been taken to ensure the long-term
interests of the Society’s members are protected. Our governance is designed to ensure that we take into account the views of
Lloyd’s members and broader stakeholders. The Council has a duty to recognise the need to act fairly between different
members and categories or classes of members who may have different interests. The composition of the Council includes six
elected market representatives, the presence of whom enables the independent nominated members of the Council to gain an
understanding of the views of key stakeholders in the Lloyd’s market and ensures the representation of market views in key
decisions.
Engagement with our stakeholders is undertaken in a variety of ways, including discussion panels, surveys, conferences and
consultations. The Society consults throughout the year with members and market participants on strategic initiatives, as
summarised below.
Stakeholders Lloyd’s engagement
Members, investors and rating agencies
Engagement assists • Council members report and engage with members of the Society at the Annual General Meeting,
member decisions. including:
– Chief Executive Officer summary business presentation.
Rating agencies assess
– Resolutions to be voted on by members. The resolutions to be considered at general meetings are
our financial strength and
published on the Corporate Notices page at www.lloyds.com.
help our stakeholders
• Annual report and Accounts available on the Financial Results page at www.lloyds.com.
make decisions.
• Forecast information is released each quarter to assist with member planning.
• Members agents are invited to attend results presentations where they can ask questions on behalf
of their constituent members.
• Head of Member Relations newsletters are sent to members, which contain updates and requests
for feedback.
• Head of Member Engagement is in place with contact details made available to members.
• Regular and ad hoc member events, held with the member associations, including the Association of
Lloyd’s Members (ALM) and the High Premium Group (HPG), including monthly events attended by
members of the Executive Committee and Executive Leadership Group.
• Engagement with members’ agents day to day.
• Funds at Lloyd’s (FAL) online portal for members.
• Regular investor updates, bi-annual senior management roadshows, ad hoc investor dinners and a
dedicated Investor Relations channel so investors can raise questions and assist with the supply of
information so investors can make informed decisions. Lloyd's first Capital Markets Day was held
during 2024. Further detail is available on the Investor Relations page at www.lloyds.com.
• Formal bi-annual management meetings with rating agencies to meet with senior management
across the firm, regular proactive communication throughout the year, and a dedicated point of
contact for any questions or clarifications outside of formal meetings.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 72

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Stakeholders Lloyd’s engagement
Market participants
• Customers • Continued engagement has been undertaken on Blueprint Two to ensure market readiness for the
• Managing agents safe cutover of phase one digital services, including virtual and in-person market events, round table
• Distributors meetings, newsletters, adoption guides, a monthly survey and regular progress updates. Phase one
• Industry and market involves all customers moving to a new single digital platform, updated processing services and a
associations migration from legacy mainframe to cloud-based technology. It was agreed with stakeholders to
postpone the planned cutover in October 2024. Activity continues to ensure that the market is ready
Engagement with market
for a new cutover date, including preparation for training, onboarding, governance and a large-scale
participants is vital to
market testing programme including both early adopter and London Insurance Market Operations
ensure the market
and Strategic Sourcing (LIMOSS) co-ordinated testing for wider, cross market participation. Further
operates as intended to
detail is available on the Blueprint Two website at www.velonetic.co.uk.
‘share risk to create a
• Lloyd's consults with market participants on key projects, as appropriate. 2024 consultations and
braver world’.
other initiatives included the proposed new Conduct Framework (further detail is available on the
Lloyd's Act and Byelaws page at www.lloyds.com) and reporting rationalisation changes to the
Quarterly Monitoring Return (Part A) (QMA) and Technical Provisions Data (TPD) return.
Engagement for the reporting rationalisation involved consultation with market participants and pilot
testing. Outputs from engagement included enhancements to instructions, templates and
implementation plans etc. Further detail is available on the 'Reporting rationalisation' page at
www.lloyds.com.
• Lloyd's presents quarterly ‘market messages’ to market stakeholders, which includes objectives for
syndicate business plans and market oversight information.
• Market stakeholder representation on Lloyd’s governance forums through the inclusion of market
and market association representation.
• Centralised Blueprint Two website to assist with Blueprint Two adoption. Further detail is available
on the Velonetic website at www.velonetic.co.uk.
• Crystal platform which provides Lloyd’s market participants with quick and easy access to
international regulatory and taxation requirements to support the writing of international business.
Further detail is available on the Crystal page at www.lloyds.com.
• Culture Dashboard, which tracks the progress made against all areas of the Lloyd’s market culture
survey and Markets Policies and Practices return. Further detail is available on the Culture
Dashboard page at www.lloyds.com.
• Lloyd’s Lab, which continues to support the market to increase the pace of successful innovation.
Further detail is available on the Lloyd’s Lab Challenge page at www.lloyds.com.
Our suppliers
It is important to engage • Each supplier is provided with Lloyd’s Code of Conduct which is in line with our Modern Slavery
with our suppliers to Statement. Please see the Responsible Business page at www.lloyds.com to access the Statement.
ensure that they can • Lloyd’s works with suppliers to uphold high standards of conduct (including safe working conditions,
deliver the services treating workers with dignity and respect, and acting fairly and ethically).
required and that they • A varied and robust schedule of activities are undertaken to maintain high standards (including desk-
align with our values. top audits of our key suppliers to ensure modern slavery statements are available as required).
Lloyd’s is committed to • Due diligence is undertaken including additional questions around modern slavery for goods-based
ensuring that no modern services.
slavery or human • Further detail is available on the Supplier Information page at www.lloyds.com.
trafficking is taking place
in our supply chains or any
part of our business.
Governments and legislators
It is important that we • Responding to consultations and requests for information. During 2024 this included, but was not
input into the formulation limited to, responding to: PRA and FCA consultations on operational resilience with respect to
of policies relevant to critical third parties; a PRA consultation on Solvent Exit Planning for insurers; an FCA consultation
Lloyd’s and our market, on publicising enforcement investigations; an FCA consultation on regulating commercial and
including those on risk, bespoke insurance business; and a HM Treasury consultation on a growth and competitiveness
resilience, sustainability, strategy for the UK’s financial sector.
regulation and other key • Proactive engagement with policy makers to ensure Lloyd’s views are heard, including (but not
issues. limited to) providing oral and written evidence to Parliamentary select committees, attending a series
of meetings between Lloyd’s and ministers and MPs, and attending and sponsoring events at the
political party conferences.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 73

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Statement by the members of the Council continued
Stakeholders Lloyd’s engagement
Regulators
Lloyd’s is dual-regulated • Interaction generally takes one of the following forms:
by the PRA and FCA (with – regular planned engagement with persons holding Senior Management Functions (as designated
whom we engage on a under the Senior Managers and Certification Regime).
frequent basis). This – regular planned engagement with wider senior management in relation to strategy.
interaction is enhanced – regular planned engagement with Lloyd’s Regulatory Engagement team.
due to Lloyd’s role in – project- or programme-driven interaction, instigated either by Lloyd’s or by the FCA/PRA.
overseeing the market. – ad hoc interaction in response to issues.
• The Council is kept informed of key regulatory matters through reports from the Chief Risk Officer
at Risk Committee and Council meetings.
• Core monitoring tools such as the FCA’s Firm Evaluation Letter (FEL) and the PRA’s annual Periodic
Summary Meeting Review Letter (PSM), along with associated action plans, are reviewed by the
Council.
• The FCA and PRA attend Council meetings, as appropriate, including to present the FEL and PSM.
Our employees
It is important we continue • Employee check-in sessions held throughout 2024, with Lloyd’s Chief Executive Officer, Executive
to have a working Committee and Executive Leadership Group (ELG), including answering questions.
knowledge of what • The Society has a workforce panel, the Employee Change Forum (ECF). In 2024 the Corporation
matters to our people, as ECF discussed and gave feedback on a range of topics, including the culture and pulse survey.
they drive the long-term • Council (and Sustainability Committee) member Joe Hurd was appointed as Culture Champion. On
success of Lloyd’s. behalf of the Council the role will provide support, advice and challenge to the Lloyd’s Chief People
Officer and the Executive on culture and workforce engagement matters. This includes meeting with
employees on culture matters.
• A Culture and Engagement Pulse survey was held. Outcomes included identifying focus areas,
culture objectives for all people managers (to support the importance of culture) and inclusive
communication workshops for all employees.
• Published vlogs, videos, emails and written interviews from members of the Council, Executive
Committee and ELG, together with leadership engagement events as appropriate.
• Launch of Engage (internal social network on teams) to assist two-way dialogue with employees.
• 'You said, We did’ hub for employees to show how employee feedback has been actioned.
• Functional town hall meetings held throughout the year with attendees including the Chief Executive
Officer.
• Global Leadership Team meets quarterly, rotating around regional hubs. A Global Network Forum is
held annually to bring together key stakeholders from around the global network including Regional
Directors, Regional Managers and Country Managers.
• Recognition awards for employees, who are nominated by their colleagues for demonstrating the
Lloyd’s values. Further detail is available on the ‘Our Values’ page at www.lloyds.com.
• Dive In Festival (an initiative of Inclusion@Lloyd’s) was held with the theme of ‘A Sustainable Future-
the next ten years'. Further detail is available on the Dive In page at www.lloyds.com.
Communities in which we operate
Lloyd’s (and insurance as • The Lloyd’s of London Foundation (the ‘Foundation’) works with partner charities and provides
an industry) has a clear volunteering and engagement opportunities for employees. The Chairman of Lloyd’s is the Chair of
social purpose in helping the Foundation. Further detail is available in the Sustainability Report and on the Lloyd’s of London
communities become more Foundation page at www.lloyds.com.
resilient, sustainable and • Lloyd’s has established a disaster resilience vehicle with the United Nations Capital Development
inclusive. Fund to deliver disaster risk financing to Small Island Developing States in the Pacific. Further detail
is available on the Press Releases page at www.lloyds.com.
Chairman and Senior Independent Deputy Chair stakeholder engagement (Code Principles F and L;
Provisions 3, 12 and 13)
The Chairman undertakes a variety of external engagements with a wide range of stakeholders, including meetings with UK and
international regulators and government officials, senior market executives, the Lloyd’s Market Association (LMA) and members’
agents, attending events and speaking at conferences.
The Chairman maintains an ongoing dialogue with all non-executive members of the Council, including holding private sessions at
the end of Council meetings, without the Executive present. The Chairman also meets with each member of the Council individually
at least once a year. The interim Head of Secretariat met individually with each non-executive member of the Council at least once
during 2024. The Senior Independent Deputy Chairman leads meetings of the other non-executive Council members without the
Chairman present, at least annually, to appraise the Chairman’s performance, and on any other occasions as necessary.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 74

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Council decisions and their impact on stakeholders (Code Principles A and B; Provisions 1, 2, 3 and 5)
We place great importance on considering the needs of all our stakeholders in our decision-making. The following table sets out
examples of decisions taken by the Council during 2024 and how the views of our stakeholders were considered together with
the long-term value implications.
Decision/ How we took stakeholders and their views into account Long-term
progress implications
Blueprint Two Blueprint Two updates were provided at each scheduled Council meeting with additional Digitalisation is one
meetings arranged as appropriate. In addition, other governance forums (BCC and TTA, the of our strategic
latter of which includes market representation), met to discuss Blueprint Two with updates priorities.
and recommendations being provided to the Council. Considering stakeholder feedback, Digitalising the
the Council was supportive of the decision to delay the cutover of phase one digital market enables it to
services to help to ensure safe cutover. Council continually reviews information provided by operate more
management to support both Lloyd's own readiness and that of the market for the phase efficiently with
one cutover. Stakeholders engaged with included Velonetic and market participants improved resilience.
(including the LMA, the IUA and brokers).
Culture Progress is measured against the Lloyd’s culture strategy via the Culture Dashboard. Culture is one of our
Further information is available at the Culture Dashboard page at www.lloyds.com. strategic priorities.
Creating an inclusive
In March 2024, the Market Policies and Practices Survey (MP&P) was presented to the
marketplace is
Sustainability Committee with a summarised report presented to the Council. MP&P is
crucial to its long-
conducted annually to understand the workforce, composition, policies and practices of
term success. A
firms who operate in the market and progress towards building a diverse, inclusive and
high-performing and
high-performance culture. The report included progress on the targets set for the market
inclusive culture
by the Society. For further information, please see the Culture section within the Strategic
across our market
Report.
will attract and
In March 2024, the Council reviewed culture information and the results of the recent retain the best
Culture Survey. An action plan was established and shared with the Council, the talent, enable high
Sustainability Committee, and Lloyd’s employees. Joe Hurd (a nominated Council member) performance and
was appointed as Culture Champion of the Society. On behalf of Council the role will drive innovation to
provide support, advice and challenge to the Lloyd’s Chief People Officer and the Executive help our market
on culture and workforce engagement matters. This includes meeting with employees on thrive.
culture matters, liaising with the Sustainability Committee and reporting to the Council at
least twice a year.
In December, the Council reviewed the 2024 Pulse survey results from employees and
received an update on culture. Culture metrics also form part of the Executive and ELG
scorecard.
Market charging In September 2024, the Council approved a simplified charging structure for the market. Syndicates benefit
model We recognised that our existing charging structure was complex, especially when writing from simplified and
business on Lloyd’s international platforms. In response to market feedback, a new transparent
charging structure was launched that is simple, transparent, and scalable. The new charges, making
charging structure has been in place from 1 January 2025, with transitional arrangements in Lloyd’s more
place for the first three years. Further detail is available on the Market Bulletins page at accessible and
www.lloyds.com. easier to do
business with.
Sustainability At the end of 2023, Lloyd’s published its roadmap on ‘Insuring the Transition’, which set out Purpose is one of
Lloyd’s proposed approach for the next three years across all areas of sustainability for the our strategic
market, including underwriting, investments, exposure management and capital and priorities which
reserving. The document was issued as a consultation, where managing agents, brokers, includes convening
market association, academic institutions, and Non-Governmental Organisations (NGO’s) for climate action.
were able to provide feedback. The consultation closed at the end of January 2024, with The roadmap is
version 2.0 of the roadmap, which responded to feedback being published in August 2024. intended to support
The updated roadmap incorporated key areas of feedback including clearer expectations customers
on what oversight interactions Lloyd's plans to have with the market and clarity on the transitioning to a
iterative nature of the document as matters develop. lower carbon
business model.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 75

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Committees of the Council
Nominations and Governance Committee report
Statement by Chair of Nominations and Governance
Committee responsibility (Code
Committee
Provisions 13 and 17)
I am pleased to present the Report of the Nominations and Governance
The Committee reviews the governance
Committee (the ‘Committee’) for the year ended 31 December 2024.
arrangements and leadership needs of the
Society and its subsidiaries. The report explains the work of the Committee during the year.
The terms of reference of the Committee
Bruce Carnegie-Brown
can be found at www.lloyds.com.
Chair, Nominations and Governance Committee 19 March 2025
Committee attendance (Code
Committee composition (Code Provision 17)
Provision 14)
The Committee is chaired by the Chairman of Lloyd’s and its remaining
Scheduled
members are drawn from the Council. Executive Council members are not
meetings
attended* eligible to become members of the Committee. Three of the Committee’s six
Chair Bruce Carnegie-Brown 2/2 members are elected representatives of the Lloyd’s market.
Council Andrew Brooks 2/2
Accordingly, the Committee’s composition does not comply with Provision 17
members Victoria Carter 1/2 of the Code in that independent nominated members do not form a majority.
Fiona Luck 2/2 The composition of the Committee is, however, considered appropriate as it
Sean McGovern 1/2 ensures representation of members and the market in relation to key
Lord Mark Sedwill 2/2 appointments. Further information on the expertise of Committee members
is available on the biographies page at www.lloyds.com.
Notes:
* Two scheduled meetings and four ad hoc
Committee meetings
meetings were held during 2024.
The Chief Executive Officer, Chief People Officer and Secretary to the
Committee regularly attend Committee meetings at the invitation of the
Key areas of focus
Chair of the Committee. Members of the Committee recuse themselves
Appointments and renewals from any discussion or recommendation of which they are the subject.
Succession planning for the Chairman and
Committee responsibilities (Code Principle H and Provisions
Risk Committee Chair
13, 15 and 17)
Skills evaluation
The Committee is responsible for keeping under review the governance
Council Diversity Policy
arrangements and leadership needs of the Society and its subsidiaries. Its
External effectiveness review
functions include making recommendations to the Council on the
appointment of the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, nominated Council
members, key members of the Executive, members of Council committees
and the Secretary to the Council.
The Committee is also responsible for succession planning arrangements
for these positions.
The Committee seeks to ensure that the members of the Council and its
committees have an appropriate combination of skills, knowledge,
experience and diversity, and have sufficient time to fulfil their Lloyd’s roles.
Further detail on the members of Council is available on the Council of
Lloyd’s page at www.lloyds.com.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 76

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
2024 Key areas of focus (Code Principles H, I, J, K and L; Provisions 2, 15, 17, 21, 22 and 23)
1. Composition of the Council and its committees
Appointments and An ‘Extended Nominations and Governance Committee’ recommended to the Council that Sir Charles
renewals Roxburgh be appointed as a nominated non-executive member of the Council and as the future Chair of
Lloyd’s. Sir Charles will take up the position on 1 May 2025.
Recommended to the Council that Lord Mark Sedwill be re-elected as Senior Independent Deputy Chair of
Lloyd’s and that Andrew Brooks and Victoria Carter be re-elected as Deputy Chairs of Lloyd’s, and that
Bruce Carnegie-Brown be re-elected as Chairman of the Council (as per the Lloyd’s Act 1982 and the CAB
annual election requirements).
Recommended to the Council that Lord Mark Sedwill be reappointed as a nominated non-executive member
of the Council on the expiry of his term of office on 2 December 2024.
Recommended to the Council that Alexander Baugh be appointed as a nominated non-executive member of
the Council and as chair of the Risk Committee, subject to regulatory approval, following the completion of
Neil Maidment’s term of office on 31 January 2025. It was agreed that Andrew Brooks would serve as interim
Chair of the Risk Committee (pending Alexander Baugh's regulatory approval) with Neil Maidment retained as
an adviser to the Risk Committee from 1 February to 31 March 2025.
Recommended to the Council that Joe Hurd (existing nominated non-executive member of the Council) be
appointed to the new position of Lloyd’s Culture Champion.
Reviewed and made recommendations in relation to the membership of the Council’s committees and other
appointments made by the Council, including to the Trustee Board of the Lloyd’s Tercentenary Research
Foundation, the Lloyd’s Enforcement Board, and the reappointment of the Lloyd’s Members’ Ombudsman.
Recommended to the Council that Claire Schrader be appointed as Secretary to the Council.
The Committee’s recommendations referred to above were all subsequently supported and approved by the
Council.
Succession planning Effective succession plans are in place for key executive and non-executive positions and are reviewed at
for the Council and least annually by the Committee. This includes both emergency and medium-term succession plans for the
senior management Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer.
An ‘Extended Nominations and Governance Committee’ was established with the specific mandate to
oversee the recruitment processes for the successor of Bruce Carnegie-Brown on completion of his term of
office as Chairman of Lloyd’s. This group was chaired by nominated Council member and Committee
member, Fiona Luck and its membership included regular Committee members: Andrew Brooks; Vicky Carter;
and Sean McGovern, and the membership was extended to Neil Maidment; Joe Hurd; and Angela Crawford-
Ingle (all nominated members of the Council). The current Lloyd’s Chairman, Bruce Carnegie-Brown, did not
participate in the membership, or any activities, of this group. Lord Mark Sedwill also did not participate in this
group. The ‘Extended Nominations & Governance Committee’ worked with external search consultancy firm,
Russell Reynolds Associates to carry out a transparent and rigorous process. Ms Luck provided high level
updates to the standard Nominations and Governance Committee during the search process.
Following the robust search process the ‘Extended Nominations and Governance Committee’ recommended
to the Council that Sir Charles Roxburgh be appointed as a nominated non-executive member of the Council
and as the future Chair of Lloyd’s effective 1 May 2025, once Bruce Carnegie-Brown steps down.
During 2024, the Committee oversaw the recruitment processes for the successor of Neil Maidment on
completion of his term of office as Chair of the Risk Committee in January 2025. The Committee worked with
Russell Reynolds Associates to carry out a transparent and rigorous process.
During 2024 the Committee carried out a search process for a new Lloyd’s Enforcement Board market
connected member.
The Committee carried out an evaluation of the skills, knowledge, experience and diversity on the Council and
its committees and identified, using a skills matrix, desired areas of expertise and recruitment. The Committee
recommended to the Council that details of the desired areas so identified be included in the Notices of
Council Elections. The Council agreed with the recommendation.
The Committee reviewed a number of changes to the composition of the Executive Committee proposed by
the Chief Executive Officer, including the appointment of a new Chief Financial Officer with effect from
1 May 2025.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 77

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Committees of the Council continued
Nominations and Governance Committee report continued
1. Composition of the Council and its committees continued
Diversity and In alignment with the Society’s continued strategic focus on building a more inclusive culture for the Society
inclusion policies and the market, the Council Diversity Policy places great emphasis on ensuring that the Committee considers
candidates from a wide range of backgrounds on merit and against objective criteria.
Please refer to In conducting its annual review of the Council Diversity Policy in Q4 2024, the Committee noted that the
www.lloyds.com to target (originally set under that policy in 2020) would be achieved following the election of the new external
access the Council member to the Council effective 1 February 2025. During 2024 the composition of the Council was 27%
Diversity Policy female and/or from an ethnically diverse background. This reverted back to 33% on 1 February 2025. From
1 May 2025, the Council shall be 40% female and/or from an ethnically diverse background, taking into
account the other changes as detailed in this report.
On the recommendation of the Committee, the Council agreed that Lloyd’s policy remained to seek to meet
those targets and it re-set the Council Diversity Policy on that basis. Under the Council Diversity Policy, the
Council shall aim for at least 33% of the Council being female and/or from an ethnically diverse background.
This can be achieved by: a minimum of two of the six elected market representatives and two of the six
independent nominated members being female; and at least one member of the Council being from an
ethnically diverse background.
As set out above, the Council’s composition includes elected external and working members. This has the
potential to impact on the Council’s ability to reach its diversity targets. To encourage the election of
candidates from a diverse range of backgrounds, the Notice of Council Elections specifically puts emphasis
on the importance of diversity on the Council.
2. Corporate governance
Potential conflicts of The Society has a conflicts of interest procedure in place under paragraph 3.5 of the Constitutional
interest and other Arrangements Byelaw (please refer to www.lloyds.com to access the Byelaw).
professional Changes to the non-Lloyd’s professional activities of the non-executive members of Council require the
activities approval of the Chairman and are submitted to the Committee for review. The Committee reviews the
changes and satisfies itself that the changes to non-Lloyd’s commitments do not interfere with the relevant
Council member’s commitments to the Council and do not give rise to conflicts of interest. While approval of
the Council as a whole is not required and it is acknowledged that this is a departure from Provision 15 of the
Code, the Committee reports to the Council after each meeting and accordingly Lloyd’s approach is
considered appropriate and proportionate.
The Committee also reviews any proposals to permit senior executives to take on external non-executive
roles, again taking into account time commitment and potential for conflicts.
Annual governance In line with governance best practice, Lloyd’s conducts a governance effectiveness review annually which is
effectiveness review facilitated by an independent external reviewer every third year. The last independent external review was
conducted in late 2023/early 2024 by YSC Consulting (‘YSC’) (part of Accenture). The external review was
Please refer to undertaken through observations of the Council and selected committees (Remuneration, Audit, Risk and
previous reports for Nominations and Governance); discussions (supported by surveys) with Council members, Executive
further information Committee members and other senior leaders of the Society; access to meeting documentation and
on the prior years’ governance pathways; and access to the outcomes of the internal reviews undertaken since the last external
effectiveness review.
reviews In conjunction with the external review, an internal review was undertaken of the work of the Sustainability
Committee and the Investment Committee, completed by way of a questionnaire. During 2024 the
recommendations were taken forward with updates being provided to the Nominations and Governance
Committee and Council, including consideration of the Council's composition against possible industry issues,
to help manage future events and possible scenarios.
As detailed above, the Interim Head of Secretariat met individually with each Council member at least once
during 2024 with conflicts of interest (including outside interests) being managed throughout the year. In late
2024 an internal assessment of the Council and selected committees was undertaken (Nominations and
Governance, Remuneration, Audit, Risk, Sustainability and Investment). The assessment was conducted by
way of questionnaires distributed to all Council and Committee members. The questions were tailored to
incorporate outcomes and feedback from previous reviews and best practice. Feedback is also sought on the
operation and dynamics of the Council and committees, and the composition and effectiveness of working
was considered.
The overall conclusion from the 2024 internal review was that the governance arrangements were working
effectively with ideas to ensure that the Council continues to manage the current and future priorities of
Lloyd's (together with possible development areas/events) in the most efficient way, including streamlined
and proportionate reporting to allow continued focus on strategy and focus areas.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 78

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Internal control governance
Council
Responsible for internal control and reviewing its effectiveness
Audit Committee
Reviews and monitors the effectiveness of the systems of internal control
Risk Committee
Monitors identification and control of material risks
Executive Committee
Implementation and maintenance of internal control environment
Internal control (Code Principles E and O; Provisions 6 and 29)
The internal control system provides the foundation for the safe and sound operation of the business, ensuring compliance with
relevant laws and regulations and the safeguarding of assets. The system is designed to reduce, rather than eliminate, the risk
of failure to achieve business objectives and can only provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance against material
misstatement or loss. The above diagram shows a high level view of internal control responsibilities.
Dialogue between Council, Audit Committee and Risk Committee (Code Principle C)
As at 31 December 2024, the Chair of the Audit Committee was a member of the Risk Committee, and the Chair of the Risk
Committee was a member of the Audit Committee. Reports on the activities of the Risk Committee are provided to the Audit
Committee and vice versa, as required. When relevant, the two committees meet together. The arrangements in place enhance
collaboration between the two committees as some responsibilities can overlap and impact on the other’s work. The two
committees report to Council after each meeting.
Three lines of defence
First line • Runs the business operation and owns the risk
of carrying out responsibilities correctly.
of defence:
• Establishes, monitors and maintains effective
Business functions internal controls within areas of responsibility.
• Adheres to firm-wide controls set out in policies
and procedures, such as the Risk Management
and Internal Control Policy.
Second line • Specialised independent functions.
• Provides oversight ensuring front-line business
of defence:
is conducted correctly and in line with the
Risk Management, Corporation’s risk appetite.
Financial Crime • Operates a framework which ensures risks are
and Compliance identified, assessed, and adequately managed.
Central to the internal control See Risk Committee and Audit Committee
reports for further information.
system is the ‘three lines of
defence’ model which each Third line • Independent assurance function.
• Reviews whether business is conducted in
of defence:
person at the Society is part accordance with relevant processes and
of. All lines of defence meet Internal controls, providing advice and insight as
Audit appropriate.
regularly and have open lines
See Audit Committee report, Internal
of communication to discuss Audit paragraph for further information.
relevant matters.
Internal control review and monitoring
Control profile reporting is provided to the Executive Risk Committee, Risk Committee and Audit Committee, including through
the Own Risk and Solvency Assessment (ORSA) and Risk & Control Self-Assessment (RCSA) reporting.
For further detail please see Audit Committee and Risk Committee reports
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 79

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Committees of the Council continued
Risk Committee report
Statement by Chair of Risk Committee
Committee responsibility
I am pleased to present the Report of the Risk Committee (the ‘Committee’)
(Code Principle O; Provision 28) for the year ended 31 December 2024. The report explains the work of the
The Committee assists the Council in its Committee during the year and the key role played by the Committee in
oversight of the identification and control assisting the Council in its oversight duties in respect of managing the risk of
of material risks to the objectives of the Corporation and in overseeing the Lloyd’s market.
Lloyd’s.
Andrew Brooks
The terms of reference of the Risk
Interim Chair, Risk Committee, 19 March 2025
Committee can be found at
www.lloyds.com.
Committee composition (Code Principle K)
Committee attendance The Committee’s members are drawn from the Council and the Committee
(Code Provision 14) was chaired by an independent nominated member of the Council,
Neil Maidment until 31 January 2025. On 7 January 2025, Alexander Baugh
Scheduled
meetings was appointed as Chair of the Risk Committee subject to regulatory
attended* approval. In the interim, Andrew Brooks has acted as Risk Committee Chair.
Chair Neil Maidment1 8/8 At the end of 2024, the Committee was comprised of two elected members
Council Andrew Brooks 8/8 of the Council (one external and one working) and five independent
members2 Angela Crawford-Ingle 7/8 nominated members of the Council.
Dominick Hoare3 7/8 The Council requires the Committee to operate effectively and efficiently
Joe Hurd 7/8 and its members to have a balance of skills and experience to enable it to
Fiona Luck 8/8 fulfil its responsibilities in a robust and independent manner. Members of the
Committee have varied and extensive commercial experience, including as
Lord Mark Sedwill 7/8
executives in the international insurance, reinsurance and asset
Special
management sectors, as well as audit and risk. For further information on
adviser Matthew Wilson4 3/6
the expertise of Committee members, please see www.lloyds.com.
Notes:
* Eight scheduled meetings were held during The Council has determined that, by virtue of their professional
2024.
backgrounds, the members of the Committee collectively have the
1. Neil Maidment ceased as Chair of the Risk
competence and skills required to discharge the responsibilities of the
Committee with effect from 31 January 2025.
On 7 January 2025, Alexander Baugh was Committee, as set out in its terms of reference. In addition, the Council
appointed as Chair of the Risk Committee consider that Neil Maidment, Andrew Brooks and Alexander Baugh have the
subject to regulatory approval. In the interim,
Andrew Brooks has acted as Risk Committee recent and relevant experience required to chair the Committee.
Chair and Neil Maidment has been retained as
an adviser to the Risk Committee from Committee meetings (Code Provision 3 and 29)
1 February to 31 March 2025.
The Chief Executive Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Chief Financial Officer and
2. Victoria Carter was appointed as a member of
the Risk Committee with effect from 1 February Chief of Markets are regular attendees, with other individuals invited to
2025. attend all or part of any meeting as and when deemed appropriate. The
3. Dominick Hoare ceased as member of the Risk Chief Risk Officer presents a report summarising the key areas of risk and
Committee with effect form 31 January 2025.
other significant updates to each Committee meeting.
4. Matthew Wilson ceased as a non-executive
special adviser to the Risk Committee with
The Committee members meet privately with the Chief Risk Officer at the
effect from 26 September 2024.
end of each meeting.
Key areas of focus The Chair of the Committee also meets informally and has open lines of
communication with the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Risk Officer and
Geopolitical instability
other members of the Executive Committee and senior management, to
Macroeconomic uncertainty
discuss topical issues and the operations and risk profile of the Society.
Sustainable market performance
These meetings provide an opportunity for any matters to be raised
Blueprint Two cutover
confidentially.
Operational resilience
Strategy and change
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 80

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Committee responsibilities (Code Provisions 28 and 29)
The Committee is a committee of the Council. Set out below are the Committee’s responsibilities together with a note of the
common activities undertaken.
Committee responsibility
1. Assists the Council in • Reviews risk profile and processes to identify and evaluate material risks to the objectives of
overseeing the Lloyd's.
processes undertaken • Reviews management reports regarding oversight of principal or heightened risks or any breaches
by management to
of risk appetite and risk limits and adequacy of any proposed actions. Management reports include
identify, evaluate and
the Chief Risk Officer Report, Own Risk and Solvency Assessment (ORSA) and the Risk and
mitigate material risks
Control Assessment (RCSA).
to the objectives of
• Reviews management assessment of emerging and strategic risks, including climate change.
Lloyd's.
• Reviews and recommends to the Council, at least annually, the Society's risk appetite and risk
limits.
• Oversees the impact of the sustainability and climate change on the Lloyd's risk appetite.
• Reviews and recommends to the Council the annual Market Oversight Plan (MOP). The MOP
determines priorities for the oversight of the market based on current and prospective risks.
• Reviews and approves the Corporation's annual risk plan and monitors progress against the plan.
• Reviews management’s proposals for the global Risk Management Framework, policies and
associated internal control and makes recommendations as to its adoption or otherwise.
2. Assists the Council • Reviews and recommends to the Council regarding Lloyd's regulatory and economic capital
with regulatory and requirements.
economic capital • Reviews and makes recommendations to the Council on the appropriateness of the design and
requirements.
methodologies associated with the LIM, including model changes, stress and scenario testing and
results of the independent validation of the LIM.
3. Ensures that • Reviews and approves the Corporation's annual Financial Crime and Compliance plan and
appropriate monitors progress against the plan, ensuring appropriate arrangements are in place to ensure
arrangements are in compliance with relevant laws and regulations.
place to ensure • Reviews the annual Money Laundering Reporting Officer's (MLRO report).
Corporation activities
follow the relevant laws
and regulations.
4. Assists the • Reviews and approves the Chief Risk Officer's qualitative advice to the Remuneration Committee
Remuneration on risk weighting to be applied to variable remuneration of senior management.
Committee with senior
management
remuneration.
In carrying out the role, the Committee takes into account the relevant work of other Council committees, including the
Investment Committee and the Audit Committee.
2024 Key areas of focus (Code Provisions 28 and 29)
The Committee considered the following areas as part of its 2024 activities:
• Geopolitical instability: Ensured that Lloyd’s continued to be as prepared as possible for the risks posed by the global
economic and geopolitical uncertainty and volatility across the world, including systemic geopolitical crisis, Ukraine conflict
and notable elections.
• Macroeconomic uncertainty: Ensured that Lloyd’s continued to be as prepared as possible for the risks posed by the global
economic uncertainty across the world, including onset of global economic downturn and financial market volatility.
• Sustainable market performance: Ensured that Lloyd's market performance remained sustainable, including oversight of
underwriting discipline in key classes.
• Blueprint Two cutover: Ensured that the impacts of the Blueprint Two programme on Lloyd’s risk profile were well understood
and execution risks associated with delivery are being managed. This includes ensuring cutover is progressed only when it is
safe to do so.
• Operational resilience: Ensured that management had robust and high-quality oversight of Lloyd’s operational resilience risks
and associated controls in line with the Corporation’s risk appetite.
• Strategy and change: Ensured that potential risks and barriers associated with Lloyd's strategy were identified and managed.
• Annual agenda items: Considered annual items in accordance with its responsibilities, including (but not limited to):
– 2024 regulatory and economic capital.
– Policy approvals, such as the Risk Management and Internal Control Policy and compliance policies.
– The ORSA report, which included monitoring against risk appetite, principal risks, strategic and emerging risks, RCSA
conclusions, control failure reporting, and capital and solvency updates.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 81

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Committees of the Council continued
Risk Committee report continued
Risk Management and Internal Control Framework (Code Provisions 28 and 29)
Lloyd’s has an established Risk Management Framework which facilitates the ongoing process of identifying, evaluating and
managing significant business, operational, financial, compliance and other risks affecting the Society. For more information on
those risks identified, please refer to the Strategic Report.
As part of the Risk Management Framework, the Council manages exposure to these risks by setting and monitoring a Risk
Appetite Framework – how much risk is acceptable and what actions should be taken when appetites are exceeded. This is
done through a series of risk appetite statements and metrics.
The Risk Appetite Framework starts with Lloyd’s purpose: sharing risk to create a braver world. To deliver on this purpose, the
Society has three pillars which each have their own objectives which are to be continuously met, as set out in the diagram
below. These risk objectives reflect the Council’s view of the acceptable levels of risk faced by Lloyd’s.
• Council • RCSA
Risk Appetite Framework: three pillars
• Risk Committee • Emerging risk
• Executive Risk • Risk incident
Committee reporting Sharing risk to create a braver world
• Risk appetite Sustainability Lloyd’s strategy must deliver a sustainable business
• GRC system* statements model over the medium term.
• Key controls • Risk appetite
Lloyd’s is not exposed to undue concentration and is able
• SMART actions metrics Solvency
to withstand an extreme event and trade forward.
• Key Risk
Indicators
• Lloyd’s internal Risk of operational and other events is managed to
model Operational ensure Lloyd’s maintains its strong reputation.
• Stress and
scenario testing
* Governance, Risk and Compliance System
Within each pillar of the Risk Appetite Framework, there are several risk categories, with metrics that define the amount of risk
the Council is willing to take. These metrics represent the key elements that could result in the risk objectives not being
achieved for the pillar. The metrics are monitored on an ongoing basis and reported to the Risk Committee each quarter in the
ORSA report, alongside any get to green actions, if a threshold has been breached.
The Risk Management Framework includes several risk assessment techniques, which are tailored to specific risk areas. These
include:
• An ongoing RCSA process to reassess existing risks and identify any new risks.
• A bi-annual RCSA and key control attestation process where risk owners from the first line attest to the assessment of their
risks and the effectiveness of mitigating controls; attestations are then reviewed by the second line of defence.
• A risk incident reporting process through which the business can report material control failures and mitigating actions, which
are escalated to the relevant governance forums as required.
• The Lloyd’s Internal Model (LIM), which is used to quantify potential losses from risks at different confidence levels and to
calculate regulatory solvency capital requirements (SCRs).
The risk governance structure, which includes the Risk Committee, provides clear independent challenge to the risk takers
within the Society. A key objective of the Society’s risk governance structure is to provide assurance to the Council that risks
facing the Society are identified and managed in accordance with the approved policies and risk appetite. The Risk Committee
oversees, challenges and, where appropriate, escalates issues to the Council using management information from the Risk
Management and Internal Control Frameworks, including via reports such as the ORSA, details of the operating and regulatory
environment and capital management reports.
Appropriate corporate policies and procedures are in place, with reviews being undertaken as appropriate in accordance with
the Lloyd’s Compliance Policy Framework and regulatory requirements.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 82

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Audit Committee report
Statement by Chair of Audit Committee (Code Provisions
Committee responsibility
25-31)
The Committee assists the Council in
I am pleased to present the report of the Audit Committee (the ‘Committee’)
discharging its responsibilities for
for the year ended 31 December 2024. The report explains the work of the
monitoring the integrity of the Society’s
Committee during the year and the key role played by the Committee in
financial reporting; assessing the
overseeing the integrity of the Society’s financial reporting and internal
effectiveness of the systems of internal
control environment.
control of the Society; and monitoring the
effectiveness, independence and
Angela Crawford-Ingle
objectivity of the internal and external
Chair, Audit Committee, 19 March 2025
auditors.
Committee composition (Code Principle K; Provision 24)
The Audit Committee’s terms of reference
can be found at www.lloyds.com. The Committee’s members are drawn from the Council, and it is chaired by
an independent nominated member of the Council, Angela Crawford-Ingle.
Committee attendance (Code
At the end of 2024, the Audit Committee comprised of three independent
Provision 14)
nominated members of the Council, two external members of the Council
Scheduled
meetings and one working member of the Council.
attended*
The Council requires the Committee to operate effectively and efficiently
Chair Angela Crawford-Ingle 5/5
and its members to have a balance of skills and experience to enable it to
Council Victoria Carter2 3/5
members1 Dominick Hoare3 5/5 fulfil its responsibilities in a robust and independent manner. Members of the
Committee have varied and extensive experience as executives/non-
Joe Hurd 5/5 executives in the international insurance, reinsurance and asset
Marcus Johnson 5/5 management sectors, as well as audit, risk and prudential regulation. Further
Neil Maidment4 5/5 information on the expertise of Committee members is available on the
Biographies page at www.lloyds.com.
Notes:
* Five scheduled meetings were held during 2024
As three of the Committee’s six members were elected market
with meetings held to coincide with key dates
within the financial reporting and audit cycle. representatives during 2024 (due to the requirements of the Lloyd’s Act
1. Jane Warren was appointed as a member of the 1982 and the Constitutional Arrangements Byelaw for Council membership),
Audit Committee with effect from 1 February
the Audit Committee’s composition did not comply with Provision 24 of the
2025.
2. Victoria Carter ceased as a member of the Code in that the Committee was not comprised entirely of independent
Audit Committee with effect from 1 February members. However, the Audit Committee’s composition was deemed
2025.
appropriate notwithstanding this departure as the Council took this
3. Dominick Hoare ceased as a member of the
approach to maximise the pool of skills and experience available to it when
Audit Committee with effect from 31 January
2025. appointing the members of the Audit Committee, the benefits of which
4. Neil Maidment ceased as a member of the Audit outweigh any perceived risk to the independence of the Committee. The
Committee with effect from 31 January 2025.
Society has a conflicts of interest procedure in place and no Executive
Alexander Baugh was appointed as a member
of the Audit Committee, subject to regulatory Director of the Council is eligible to be a member of the Committee.
approval of his appointment as a nominated
member of the Council. Committee meetings (Code Provisions 3 and 29)
The Chairman of Lloyd’s, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial
Key areas of focus Officer, the Deputy Chief Financial Officer, the Head of Internal Audit and
other senior management regularly attend Committee meetings at the
Change areas
invitation of the Chair of the Audit Committee, together with representatives
Reserves
of the external auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC). The Audit
Global network
Committee as a whole meets privately with the Head of Internal Audit and
Tax strategy the external auditors.
Internal Audit
The Chair of the Committee meets informally with and has open lines of
Annual Report and interim Pro-Forma
communication with the Executive Committee, Head of Internal Audit,
Financial Statements and Aggregate
external auditors and senior management to discuss topical issues and the
Accounts
operations of the Society. These meetings provide an opportunity for any
Viability statement and going concern
matters to be raised confidentially.
Solvency II Pillar 3 reporting
The Committee received appropriate technical updates and presentations
throughout the year on financial reporting, accounting policy and regulatory
developments., including sustainability reporting and Financial Reporting
Council corporate reporting updates.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 83

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Committees of the Council continued
Audit Committee report continued
Committee responsibilities (Code Principles E, M and N; Provisions 6 and 25-31)
The Committee is a committee of the Council. Set out below are the Committee’s responsibilities together with a note of the
common activities undertaken. For further information on each responsibility, please refer to the relevant paragraphs below.
Committee responsibility
1. Oversees the Society’s system of • Ensuring that an annual report on financial controls and internal control is
internal control, including financial undertaken.
reporting controls, and reviews its • Monitoring the effectiveness, independence and objectivity of the internal and
effectiveness. external auditors.
• Overseeing the effectiveness of the interactions with the external auditors.
* See Internal control, Financial reporting • Approving the appointment and reappointment of the external auditors.
and external audit and Internal Audit • Overseeing Internal Audit, including ensuring that the team has the appropriate
paragraphs. plan, resources and budget.
2. Assists the Council in fulfilling its Overseeing the:
oversight responsibilities over financial
• Strategic Report, Society Report (which includes the Group Financial
reporting (which includes monitoring
the integrity of the Society’s financial Statements of the Society) and annual Pro-Forma Financial Statements (PFFS)
reporting and the ongoing solvency (hereinafter referred to as ‘Lloyd’s Annual Report’ where appropriate), and
position). interim Pro-Forma Financial Statements;
• Aggregate Accounts; and
• Lloyd’s Solvency and Financial Condition Report (SFCR) to the Prudential
* See 2024 Key areas of focus section. Regulatory Authority (PRA).
3. Ensures that appropriate arrangements Overseeing the:
are in place by which employees may, in
• effectiveness of systems and controls in relation to whistleblowing.
confidence, raise concerns relating to
possible impropriety relating to the
Society, in matters of financial
reporting or other matters.
* See Internal control paragraph.
2024 Key areas of focus (Code Provision 26)
The Committee considered the following areas as part of its 2024 activities:
• Change areas: An overview of finance priorities and projects was presented, including the reporting rationalisation changes to
the Quarterly Monitoring Return Part A (QMA) and Technical Provisions Data (TPD) return, the Lloyd’s Investment Platform
and member services transformation.
• Reserves: Various reserve updates were received throughout the year providing information and quantification on areas of
uncertainty such as US Casualty and the Ukraine conflict. The conclusion was that the overall adequacy of the reserves was
appropriate.
• Global network: International reports were provided throughout the year covering key regions and projects, including the
European Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD).
• Tax strategy: The Committee recommended to the Council the approval of the Corporation’s tax strategy, which was
subsequently approved. Further detail is available on the Tax Information page at www.lloyds.com.
• Internal Audit: Following the agreement of the 2024 plan, 39 audits were undertaken by Internal Audit. The audits can be
grouped together under the following themes: Change, Resilience, Strategy/Purpose, Global Network Oversight, Embedding
Principles Based Oversight across the Corporation and Culture.
• Lloyd’s Annual Report and Interim PFFS and related disclosures and Aggregate Accounts: The Committee reviewed the annual
and interim report and the Aggregate Accounts and recommended them for approval by the Council. The key areas of
judgement were considered and supported by the Committee, in approving the respective financial statements, including:
– Notional investment return estimation on funds at Lloyd’s (FAL): notional investment return is estimated on FAL, equivalent to
the investment return an insurer would generate on the capital they hold to support their underwriting.
– Pensions: assessing the reasonableness and consistency of the key assumptions that impact the valuation of the net
pension assets.
– Management of the reserve margin for uncertainties: reviewing the reasonableness of the central reserve margin included in
the PFFS, in addition to the reserves held by syndicates to reflect the heightened risk of atypical reserve movement at an
aggregate level.
– Valuation of financial investments (including FAL): reviewing the basis upon which the reasonable fair valuation of financial
investments was determined.
– Claims provisions and related recoveries: reviewing syndicate estimates for liabilities to be included in the PFFS and liabilities
to be included in the Society financial statements.
– Intangible assets: reviewing the results of impairment testing of intangible assets, including the approach and
reasonableness supporting the active use assessment and amortisation.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 84

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
• Viability statement and going concern: Consideration of the viability statement and the confirmation of the continuing status of
the Society as a going concern as part of the annual and interim reporting processes, which includes the impact from major
claims in the Lloyd’s market. The Committee was presented with the net assets, solvency and liquidity position (current and
projected), to consider the assessment, including the stress testing assessments undertaken.
• Solvency II Pillar 3 reporting for the market and the Society: The Committee reviewed the ongoing capital and solvency position
of the Society. It also considered the reporting requirements and governance arrangements for Solvency II Pillar 3 reporting
for both the market and the Society, by reviewing and approving the SFCR for the year ending 31 December 2023 for
submission to the PRA.
Financial reporting and external audit
Financial reporting (Code Principles M and N)
A key focus of the Committee is its work in assisting the Council in ensuring that the Lloyd’s Annual Report, when taken as a
whole, is fair, balanced and understandable. The Committee has considered the key messages and themes being
communicated in the Annual Report, as well as the appropriateness of significant accounting estimates and judgements and the
information provided to the Committee throughout the year.
The Committee, having completed its review, has recommended to the Council that, when taken as a whole, the 2024 Strategic
Report, Society Report (which includes the Group financial statements of the Society) and PFFS is fair, balanced and
understandable and provides the information necessary to assess the Society’s position and performance, business model and
strategy. Please see note 3 for an explanation of the entity's accounting policies.
During the year, the Committee continued to keep abreast of any significant and emerging accounting developments, including
reports provided by the external auditor outlining recent insurance and regulatory hot topics.
External audit and Committee role (Code Principle M; Provisions 25 and 26)
The Committee places great importance on the quality, effectiveness and independence of the external audit process and
monitors and reviews the objectivity and independence of the external auditors. The Committee also monitors the Society’s
relationship with its external auditor.
The Committee assesses the effectiveness of the external auditors on an ongoing basis throughout the year by way of the
following activities:
• Reviewing and approving the external audit plan and delivery in line with the plan.
• During Committee meetings and private sessions with external audit (without the Executive in attendance).
• Reports from external audit as appropriate, including any particular matters for consideration. The Committee then ensures
appropriate action is taken in response.
• Meetings between the external audit partner and the Chair of the Audit Committee, as appropriate.
• Approving the fees proposed by the external auditors following consideration by management.
• Reviewing the External Audit Policy annually.
• The Committee also performs a specific annual evaluation on the performance of the external auditors (which includes the
effectiveness of the audit process), through questionnaires that are completed by members of the Committee, the Executive
and the Executive Leadership Group (on behalf of their teams). Feedback from the questionnaire was discussed by the
Committee and with the external auditors. Overall feedback was positive and where opportunities for improvement were
identified, PwC was asked to take account of that feedback in the planning of future audit activity. The questionnaires
included assessment against the following criteria:
– Audit scope and planning, including communication and feedback.
– Audit team, including composition, use of specialists and understanding of Lloyd’s.
– Communication, including whether information was timely, effective and complete; and whether insights and points of view
were provided on a forward-looking basis.
– Independence, including information on compliance with independence requirements and safeguards in place to detect any
independence issues.
– Fees, including appropriateness given audit scope.
The Committee oversees the engagement of the external auditors for non-audit services to ensure any such work does not
impair the ongoing independence and objectivity of the external audit. This includes:
• Non-audit services policy to govern the non-audit services that may be provided to the Society by the external auditors and
setting out the circumstances in which the external auditors may be permitted to undertake non-audit services.
• All non-audit services require approval from the Committee and must be justified and, if appropriate, tendered before
approval. A breakdown of the fees paid to the external auditors for non-audit work is set out in note 12 to the Society financial
statements (within the Society Report). Significant non-audit engagements undertaken by the external auditors in 2024
include services pursuant to legislation (work undertaken on the Aggregate Accounts and regulatory returns) and non-audit
services (the PFFS).
• Regular reporting provided to the Committee on engagements undertaken by the external auditors in order to monitor the
types of services provided and the fees incurred.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 85

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Committees of the Council continued
Audit Committee report continued
• Receiving confirmation from the external auditor that it believes that it remains independent within the meaning of the
applicable regulations and professional standards. Further, PwC operates a rotation system of the lead audit partner after five
years.
The Committee has primary oversight on the appointment, reappointment or removal of the external auditor and the audit fee
payable. In May 2024, PwC was reappointed as the auditors of the Aggregate Accounts at the Society’s AGM. A comprehensive
audit tender led by the Audit Committee was undertaken in 2022 for the 2023 year end (PwC was initially appointed in 2013). In
July 2022, PwC were reappointed and continued in their role as auditors for the Society and all Group entities. Therefore, PwC
has been appointed for a total tenure of 12 years. The next required audit tender will take place in or around 2032 in line with
required practice, at which point PwC will not be eligible to participate in the re-tender. Overall, the Committee is satisfied with
the performance of the Society’s external auditors, PwC. The Committee has concluded that there has been appropriate focus
by the external auditor and that the external auditor has provided robust challenge throughout the audit process.
Internal Audit
Internal Audit authority, scope and remit (Code Principle M)
The Internal Audit function provides the Committee and Executive Committee with independent and objective assurance on the
effectiveness of internal control and risk management across the Society and its subsidiaries. The use of Internal Audit is
governed by the Audit Charter (further detail is available on the Governance Structure page at www.lloyds.com), which sets out
the authority, scope and remit of the Internal Audit function.
Internal Audit’s remit only extends to the Society of Lloyd’s and, as such, it does not undertake internal audit reviews of market
participants. However, given the Corporation’s role in providing market oversight activity, Internal Audit does undertake reviews
of the mechanisms in place to ensure this oversight is both appropriate and proportionate. This includes reviews of various
elements of the principles-based oversight framework, the role of the Capital and Planning Group, and the annual business
planning/capital return approval cycles.
The Head of Internal Audit has a direct reporting line to the Chair of the Committee with an administrative reporting line to the
Chief Executive Officer.
Internal Audit submits a risk-based annual plan of work for the Committee’s review and approval (see below). The Committee
satisfies itself as to the quality, experience, and expertise of the Internal Audit function through:
• Regular interaction with the Head of Internal Audit and by way of ongoing assessment by stakeholders who have been
subject to an internal audit. The results of the ongoing assessment are discussed with the Chair of the Audit Committee and
shared with the Committee periodically, as appropriate.
• An annual evaluation of Internal Audit which is undertaken through the Committee completing a questionnaire, with the results
presented to the Committee and discussed, including during a private session.
• An External Quality Assessment (EQA) being undertaken on Internal Audit at least every five years (in accordance with best
practice). The last EQA took place in 2021 and concluded that Internal Audit ‘generally conforms’ to the Chartered Institute of
Internal Auditors International Professional Practices Framework (IPPF) Standards and Code of Ethics (the Standards).
• Review of the Internal Audit strategy each year which is presented to the Audit Committee. The Internal Audit strategy is
designed to align to the Lloyd’s four strategic pillars.
The Committee concluded that Internal Audit has the skills and resources needed to complete the Internal Audit plan.
Internal control review and monitoring (Code Principles E and O; Provisions 6 and 29)
Reports and updates on internal control were received throughout the year by the Committee as set out below. Based on the
Committee’s assessment of internal control, the Committee concluded that the Society’s system of internal control continues to
provide reasonable (although not absolute) assurance against material misstatement or loss.
Finance An annual assessment of the effectiveness of the internal controls over financial reporting takes place in
conjunction with year-end reporting (undertaken by Finance) and is reviewed by the Committee. The conclusion
was that the Society’s system of internal control over financial reporting provides reasonable but not absolute
assurance against material misstatement. Supporting this conclusion was a summary of the Society’s key
controls around the production of financial statements, PFFS and Aggregate Accounts for the Lloyd’s market.
Risk The adequacy of the Group’s overall risk management and control arrangements is coordinated by Risk
Management with ongoing RCSAs undertaken and a bi-annual RCSA and key control attestation process.
The results are reported to the Risk Committee and incorporated within the Annual Internal Audit Control
Opinion (see below).
External audit The external auditors provided controls observations and findings report in respect of the year ended
31 December 2024 Society audit. The observations were addressed by Finance as appropriate and reported
to the Audit Committee.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 86

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Internal Audit Internal Audit Plan (the 'Plan')
Reporting on the broader control environment is provided by delivery of an approved Plan comprised of risk-
based internal audit reviews performed across the business, with the outcomes being reported to
management, the Executive Committee and the Audit Committee. The Plan is based on Internal Audit's
independent view of risks facing the Corporation, as well as other factors such as strategic initiatives,
emerging risks and change. The Plan is updated as necessary to ensure appropriate focus on the key risks.
The independent, objective assurance services performed by Internal Audit are designed to improve the
organisation’s operations.
Internal Audit status reports
Quarterly status reports are provided on the Plan, including actions taken to implement any
recommendations, the status of progress against previously agreed actions and executive summaries
providing an Executive response to any finding.
Annual Control Opinion ('Control Opinion')
Internal Audit co-ordinate the reporting on the effectiveness of the control environment to the Committee
(which then reports to the Council). The review considers financial, operational, reporting and compliance
controls. Internal Audit completes an annual Control Opinion that provides an assessment of the control
environment based on:
• Prior Internal Audit reviews through the delivery of the risk-based Plan.
• Engagement with internal stakeholders, including the Chief Executive Officer, members of the Executive
Committee and the Executive Leadership Group, as well as periodic engagement with non-executive
directors and regular/periodic attendance at key management meetings.
• Regular interactions with the Risk Management and Financial Crime and Compliance functions.
• Review of RCSAs and annual financial control assessment.
• Interactions with other stakeholders, including the Corporation’s external auditors and regulators.
2024 Control Opinion: the control framework is adequately designed and operating to provide reasonable
assurance that the key risks are managed appropriately. The key observations were that:
• There continue to be improvements to the RCSA process and risk maturity across the Corporation
including embedding the oversight framework across the Global Network. The focus over 2025 will be
enhancing the approach to controls to deliver a more standardised approach for testing and evidencing
controls across the organisation.
• Management continues to provide significant focus and attention to the governance around Blueprint Two
readiness for both the Corporation and wider market and this will continue to be monitored in 2025.
• Following the outsourcing agreement signed in 2024, management are working to embed a consistent
change methodology and governance structure, with oversight from both the second and third line of
defence. This, along with the broader areas of IT and Operations will remain an area of focus through 2025.
Whistleblowing Whistleblowing arrangements
These arrangements involve having systems and controls in place, including having a whistleblowing policy
(which is part of the Global Compliance Policy) and appropriate channels in place (eg Whistleblowing helpline
and web reporting provider) to ensure that employees may, in confidence, raise concerns. Whistleblowing
information is available on the employee intranet with guidance and contact details. Training is also provided
annually, as appropriate, to the Council and to all Corporation employees.
The Financial Crime and Compliance function is responsible for overseeing the whistleblowing controls. The
Whistleblowing Escalation Group (WEG) support the procedures in place, with the Head of Financial Crime
and Compliance being a member.
The Chair of the Audit Committee is the Lloyd’s Whistleblowers’ Champion and has responsibility for ensuring
the integrity, independence and effectiveness of Lloyd’s policies and procedures for whistleblowing.
Further detail is available on the Whistleblowing page at www.lloyds.com.
Quarterly whistleblowing updates
Quarterly updates were provided throughout the year explaining developments and enhancements to the
whistleblowing arrangements, such as testing, training and awareness with an opportunity for Committee
members to ask questions. Updates also included the number and type of incidents raised, actioned and
closed together with any lessons learned (where appropriate).
Annual Whistleblowing Report
An annual report on the effectiveness and operation of the Society’s whistleblowing systems and controls is
undertaken by the Financial Crime and Compliance function. The report covered the period from 31 August
2023 until 31 August 2024. The Audit Committee reviewed the report and the Council were provided with a
copy for information.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 87

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Committees of the Council continued
Remuneration Committee report
Statement by Chair of Remuneration Committee
Committee responsibility
(Code Principle P; Provision 39)
The Committee is responsible for setting
I am pleased to present the Report of the Remuneration Committee (the
the remuneration arrangements for the
‘Committee’) for the year ended 31 December 2024.
Chair, the Chief Executive Officer, the
Executive Directors, any other direct Lloyd’s results for 2024 continued to demonstrate our commitment to
reports of the Chief Executive Officer, and supporting a profitable marketplace. Delivering strong, sustainable,
such other members of the executive profitable performance is a key priority, and our results – one of our most
management or other persons as it is profitable underwriting years in recent history – are a testament to that
designated to consider to ensure Lloyd’s focus. The market’s combined ratio, a key measure of underwriting
remuneration is fair, competitive and profitability, increased to 86.9%, supporting overall profit before tax of
aligned with the organisation’s strategy. £9,626m. The Lloyd’s market reported an underwriting result of £5,314m for
2024 (2023: £5,910m). The central solvency ratio reduced to 435% (2023:
The terms of reference of the
503%) primarily driven by an increase in the central SCR offset by positive
Remuneration Committee are available at
movements in Society Own Funds, after taking into account the repayment
www.lloyds.com.
of the first tranche of syndicate loans and the 2024 subordinated debt.
Committee composition
Our digital transformation through Blueprint Two saw Lloyd’s and Velonetic
The Committee is chaired by Fiona Luck,
continue to focus on a more resilient, flexible and future-proofed technology
an independent nominated member of the
platform for our marketplace. This is a complex transformation programme,
Council. The Chairman is a member of the
addressing legacy technology and process across the whole ecosystem,
Committee, and its remaining members are
and this complexity has challenged our timeline. Lloyd’s and Velonetic are
drawn from the Council. As at 31 December
continuing work to build, test and govern the technology change, and will
2024, four of the Committee’s six members
only cutover to phase one digital services once it is safe to do so. Despite
were elected.
these complexities, we are committed to our plan to execute the changes
Committee attendance (Code Blueprint Two is targeting.
Provision 14) We have continued to maintain our critical focus on supporting an inclusive
Scheduled and high-performance culture. The Lloyd’s 2024 Culture Dashboard
meetings reported steady improvement and the rollout of Lloyd’s Inclusive Futures
attended*
Coalition promises to accelerate our efforts to create a diverse and inclusive
Chair Fiona Luck 4/4
Lloyd’s market.
Council Andrew Brooks 4/4
members Bruce Carnegie-Brown 4/4 Key management changes
Victoria Carter 3/4 Chief Executive Officer
Dominick Hoare1 4/4 On 6 January 2025 Lloyd's announced that John Neal will be leaving in 2025
to join Aon, after leading the Corporation for over six years. During his
Sean McGovern 2/4
remaining time at Lloyd's, John will support both the planned succession of
Notes:
our new Chair and the executive leadership transition.
* Four scheduled meetings and five ad hoc
meetings were held across 2024.
As a leaver due to resignation, in line with Lloyd's policy John is not eligible
1. Dominick Hoare ceased as a member of the
Remuneration Committee with effect from for 2024 or 2025 incentive awards (Individual Performance Bonus, Market
31 January 2025. Award and Strategic Transformation Award) and all outstanding deferrals
. are forfeit on termination of employment.
Chief Financial Officer
Key areas of focus
On 29 January 2025 Lloyd's announced the appointment of Alexandra Cliff
2025 Key management changes as CFO following a long established succession plan, effective from 1 May
2024 Incentive out-turns 2025. Alexandra joined Lloyd's as Deputy CFO in November 2022 and
2024 Strategic Transformation Incentive currently serves on the Lloyd's Executive Committee. Alexandra was
Plan appointed on a salary of £425,000, with other elements of her package in
line with the existing arrangements for Burkhard Keese.
Review of 2023 Transformation Incentive
Plan Burkhard will step down from the Council on 30 April 2025 and remains
Target setting for 2025 incentive awards eligible to receive 2025 incentive awards pro-rated for time served in role
during the year. Outstanding deferred awards will be subject to normal
deferral rules and will be delivered in line with the ordinary payment dates.
As disclosed, Burkhard will remain a strategic advisor to Lloyd's for a
transition period.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 88

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Key remuneration decisions and incentive out-turns (Code Principle P; Provision 41)
Salaries
In light of leadership changes, no salary changes will apply for the current CEO and CFO from 1 April 2025. The Committee
carefully considered the salary of the Chief of Markets, taking into consideration increases awarded to Corporation employees,
individual performance and contribution during the year. The Committee determined a 2.6% increase is appropriate.
The average salary increase for wider employees was 3.0% with effect from 1 April 2025.
Incentive out-turns (Individual Performance Awards and Market Awards)
The Society made strong progress against its key strategic priorities in 2024, which is reflected in the Individual Performance
Awards made to the current CFO and Chief of Markets (see page 90).
Executive Directors’ incentive awards are also aligned to market performance. The Lloyd’s market recorded a profit before tax
of £9,626m (2023: £10,663m) and the combined operating ratio was 86.9% (2023: 84.0%). Excluding adjustments to the
central reserve margin, the profit before tax was £9,646m (2023: £10,876m) and the combined operating ratio is 86.8% (2023:
83.4%), which resulted in the Market Award for the current CFO and Chief of Markets vesting in full (see page 90). 40% of the
total Lloyd’s Incentive Plan award will be deferred for three years.
2024 Strategic Transformation Incentive Plan (STIP)
For 2024, the CFO and Chief of Markets were eligible for awards under the STIP. This plan operated for key roles that are
critical to the continued delivery and execution of the market’s strategic transformation, based on achievements in three key
lead performance areas: Profitable Growth, Technology & Digital, and a ‘Fit for Purpose’ Lloyd’s. Lead indicators were
underpinned by the profitability and financial strength of the Lloyd’s marketplace. The CFO and Chief of Markets were eligible
for a maximum opportunity of 100% and 125% of salary respectively. Following consideration against lead and lag indicators the
award vested at 70% of maximum.
2023 Transformation Incentive Plan (TIP)
As disclosed in the 2023 Annual Report, in determining the out-turns for 2023 TIP awards of 71%, the Committee exercised its
discretion to increase the level of deferral and introduce an additional review process to ensure alignment with Blueprint Two
progress including cutover. The deferral period was adjusted so that 25%, rather than 33%, was paid in April 2024.
Payment of the remaining 75% deferral was subject to a further review of Blueprint Two progress by the Committee. The
Blueprint Two programme was subject to a comprehensive reset during the second half of 2024 and whilst positive progress
has been made, cutover has been further delayed until the build is tested and assured. The Committee carefully considered
overall progress made and the balance of rewarding delivery against lead indicators whilst recognising the challenges and
continuing delays to the programme and cutover. As a result the Committee exercised its discretion to i) reduce the outcome of
the TIP 2023 award from 71% to 47% of maximum; and ii) delay the payment of the balance of the TIP 2023 award to April 2026
and April 2027. The outcome was therefore that no TIP 2023 payment will be made in April 2025.
2025 STIP
For 2025, a STIP will continue to operate for key roles that are critical to the continued delivery and execution of our strategic
transformation. As for 2024 awards, these will be based on achievements in three key lead performance areas: Profitable
Market Growth, Market Infrastructure and Efficiencies (including Blueprint Two) and a ‘Fit for Purpose’ Lloyd’s, as set out below.
Awards under the Strategic Transformation Incentive Plan will be made with a maximum opportunity of 100% and 125% of
salary to the CFO and Chief of Markets, respectively. Awards will be performance tested and vest following 31 December 2025.
Payment of any vested awards will be made in three tranches in the three years following the end of the performance period.
Wider workforce remuneration (Code Provisions 2 and 38)
The Committee reviews relevant policies which apply to all employees across the Society. The Committee is regularly updated
on key areas of the Lloyd’s Culture Dashboard, designed to drive the market towards a more inclusive environment and deliver
cultural change. The Remuneration Policy and Bonus Scheme Rules are published internally and are available to all employees.
All Society employees are eligible to participate in Lloyd’s Incentive Plan (being the Individual Performance Award and Market
Award), and the framework is consistent across all employees.
Pension arrangements for Executive Directors are in line with the maximum contribution available to wider Society employees.
Employee engagement (Code Provision 2)
The Society operates a range of employee engagement channels, including employee surveys and the Employee Change
Forum, comprising representatives from across the workforce. Further detail can be found under ‘Sustainability Committee’ in
the Governance Report section.
Employee check-in sessions are regularly held and include presentations on annual results (with the annual report detailing
Executive remuneration and how it aligns with the wider workforce).
In 2024 Joe Hurd was appointed as Culture Champion to hold management to account on culture matters on behalf of Council.
Fiona Luck
Remuneration Committee Chair, 19 March 2025
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 89

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Committees of the Council continued
Remuneration Committee report continued
Remuneration Report
This report is based upon the principles of the directors’ remuneration reporting regulations for UK-listed companies, and the
UK Corporate Governance Code. However, the Code and regulations are directed at companies listed on the London Stock
Exchange, whereas Lloyd’s is a market of many separate and competing trading entities. Nonetheless, the Council supports the
principles insofar as they can be applied to the governance of the Society and has chosen to broadly follow the disclosure
principles in this report.
Disclosure requirements which have not been met include illustration of the application of the Remuneration Policy and a
statement of consideration of employment conditions elsewhere in the company. The Remuneration Report is unaudited, with
the exception of the single total figure of remuneration table which is audited by the independent external auditors
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.
Remuneration at a glance
Single total figure of remuneration for 2024
CEO John Neal CFO Burkhard Keese Chief of Markets Patrick Tiernan
£915k £68k £660k £1,079k £684k £1,802k
n Total fixed n Total variable
Summary of Remuneration Policy and out-turns for 2024 (Code Provisions 13 and 38)
The following table provides a summary of our Remuneration Policy and how it was implemented in 2024.
Overview of policy Implementation in 2024
Fixed pay
Salary Annual salaries were:
Salaries are set to appropriately • Chief Executive Officer: £770,000
recognise responsibilities and be • Chief Financial Officer: £550,000
broadly market-competitive.
• Chief of Markets: £575,000
Pension and benefits
The Executive Directors received a pension supplement of 15% of salary, which is in line with the pension available to the
All employees, including directors, have wider workforce. All Executive Directors receive a benefit supplement of 3% of salary, in line with the wider workforce.
access to the same pension and benefit No other payments to the Executive Directors are pensionable. Their dependents are eligible for the payment of a lump
arrangements and these do not vary by sum in the event of death in service.
age.
Variable pay
Lloyd’s Incentive Plan The 2024 Lloyd’s Incentive Plan opportunities (as a % of salary) for the Executive Directors are set out below:
(Individual Performance Individual Performance Market Award
Award and Market Award) Award (% of salary) (% of salary)
The Individual Performance Award links John Neal: Chief Executive Officer 100%* 100%*
reward to corporate and individual KPIs Burkhard Keese: Chief Financial Officer 100% 50%
aligned with our strategy. Payments are
Patrick Tiernan: Chief of Markets 100% 100%
based on the Committee’s judgement of
performance against a scorecard of A summary of the Lloyd’s Incentive Plan out-turns for 2024 is provided below:
corporate and individual KPIs for the Weighting Outturn % of maximum achieved
year.
Individual Chief Executive Officer 100% —%
The Market Award offers an incentive Performance
Chief Financial Officer 100% 75%
which is directly linked to the Award
performance of the Lloyd’s market. Chief of Markets 100% 78%
Market Awards are calculated by Market Award Profit before tax 50% 50%
reference to profit before tax and
combined operating ratio levels in the Combined operating ratio 50% 50%
year. Total award 100% 100%
Strategic Transformation The 2024 STIP opportunities (as a % of salary) for the Executive Directors are set out below:
Incentive Plan STIP (% of salary)
The Strategic Transformation John Neal: Chief Executive Officer 200% *
Incentive Plan links reward to specific
Burkhard Keese: Chief Financial Officer 100%
KPIs critical to successful delivery and
execution in three key areas: Profitable Patrick Tiernan: Chief of Markets 125%
Growth, Technology & Digital and a ‘Fit
A summary of the STIP out-turn (as % of maximum) for 2024 is provided below.
for Purpose’ Lloyd’s.
Further details of performance are provided on pages 93 to 94 .
Weighting Outturn % of maximum achieved
Strategic Transformation Incentive Plan 100% 70%
*Award forfeit due to resignation in January 2025
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 90

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Remuneration Policy principles (Code Principle C, P and Q; Provision 38)
The overall principles that underpin the Remuneration Policy are as follows:
Nature of the Society – The organisation has a unique role, providing oversight of the insurance market, driving market
performance, building transformation solutions and creating a diverse and inclusive culture which delivers value to stakeholders.
Alignment to Lloyd’s strategy – Individual Performance Awards are linked to the Society and individual KPIs. Performance is
assessed against a rigorous balanced scorecard of quantifiable metrics and is subject to risk adjustment. For 2025, a Strategic
Transformation Incentive Plan will operate for key roles that are critical to successful delivery and execution in three key areas:
Profitable Market Growth, Market Infrastructure and Efficiencies, and a ‘Fit for Purpose’ Lloyd’s.
Alignment to the Lloyd’s market – A significant element of remuneration is based on the performance of the Lloyd’s market.
This encourages an attitude of commercial partnership with the market and aligns the interests of participants with capital
providers. This alignment means that the payment under the market element varies according to market performance. Market
and Society risk adjustment metrics also apply to this element. In order to provide a balanced approach to performance
measurement and reflect the focus of the Society in driving improved efficiencies and transformation in the Lloyd’s market,
profit before tax and combined operating ratio (excluding adjustments to the central reserve margin) are key metrics used to
measure performance.
Solvency II – We continue to operate appropriate features such as long-term deferral for Solvency II staff and risk adjustment.
This part of the report sets out the annual remuneration for 2024 and a summary of how the policy will apply for 2025.
Remuneration for the Chairman and members of the Council who are not employees of the Society
(Code Provisions 19 and 34)
The current Chairman, Bruce Carnegie-Brown, was appointed effective 15 June 2017. In June 2022 he was reappointed for a
third term of three years with effect from 1 June 2022 to 31 May 2025 with a fee of £665,000 per annum.
On 19 September 2024, Sir Charles Roxburgh KCB was confirmed as the next Chair of Lloyd’s with effect from 1 May 2025 with
a fee of £675,000 per annum.
In accordance with Lloyd’s constitutional arrangements, Council member fees (who are not employees of the Society) are a
matter for the Council on the recommendation of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer. The level of fees reflects the
time commitment and responsibility of the role.
The standard Council member’s fee is £65,625. Additional fees are payable to the Deputy Chairs and Senior Independent
Director, and in respect of the Chair and membership of a number of Council committees (including ad hoc committees
established to consider specific issues), in recognition of the increase in responsibilities and time commitment. Non-Executive
Council members do not participate in performance-related reward.
Single total figure of remuneration
The total remuneration receivable in respect of qualifying services for each person who served as a member of the Council
during the year is shown below. Further details on incentive awards are shown on pages 92 to 93.
Market
Salary/ Other Annual Award/ Pension Total Total
fees benefits1 bonus STIP2 benefit3 fixed variable Total
Year £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Chairman of the Council
Bruce Carnegie-Brown 2024 665 — — — — 665 — 665
2023 665 1 — — — 665 1 666
Executive Directors
John Neal 2024 770 97 — — 116 915 68 983
2023 741 115 612 1,132 111 879 1,831 2,710
Burkhard Keese 2024 550 33 413 660 83 660 1,079 1,739
2023 550 31 440 534 83 659 978 1,637
Patrick Tiernan4 2024 575 298 449 1,078 86 684 1,802 2,486
2023 564 292 469 845 85 671 1,584 2,255
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 91

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Committees of the Council continued
Remuneration Committee report continued
Salary/fees Other benefits1 Total
2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Nominated member
Angela Crawford-Ingle5 181 161 — – 181 161
Joe Hurd6 128 94 19 13 147 107
Fiona Luck7 122 112 13 4 135 116
Neil Maidment8 123 108 — – 123 108
Lord Mark Sedwill9 135 120 — – 135 120
External member
Dominick Hoare 108 100 — – 108 100
Marcus Walter Johnson 83 7 7 – 90 7
Sean McGovern 95 7 — – 95 7
Working member
Andrew Brooks10 117 99 — – 117 99
Victoria Carter11 112 97 — – 112 97
Richard Dudley12 121 87 — – 121 87
The information in the above table has been audited by the independent auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.
1. Other benefits include items such as benefit allowances (all Executive Directors receive a benefit supplement of 3% of salary), other taxable benefits
and taxable business expenses. These include travel costs met by Lloyd’s, including any tax due under HMRC regulations. These travel costs are
provided in accordance with the Society’s policy and to enable Executive Directors to undertake responsibilities most efficiently while travelling.
Other taxable business expenses include business-related membership fees and hotels.
2. Market Award includes an amount for the 2024 Strategic Transformation Incentive Plan (STIP). For the prior year, it includes 2023 Transformation
Incentive Plan (TIP). 2023 TIP has been restated to reflect downward adjustment from 71% to 47% with no payment made in 2025. Further details
are provided on page 89
3. The Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief of Markets received a pension supplement of 15% of salary, in line with the pension
available to the wider workforce.
4. A payment was awarded to Mr Tiernan as part of his employment contract terms and is reflected in Other benefits.
5. Ms Crawford-Ingle is a non-Executive member of the Board of Directors of Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A. (Lloyd’s Europe) and a member of
Lloyd’s Europe Audit and Risk Committee. Ms Crawford-Ingle is paid in Euros for the Lloyd’s Europe appointments. The Lloyd’s Europe fees have
been included in the Single total figure of remuneration table. The fees are paid quarterly and have been translated at the same FX rates used for the
financial statements and the notes. Ms Crawford-Ingle was appointed as a member of the LIC Recovery Committee with effect from 16 September
2024 and was paid an additional fee to participate in Environmental, Social and Governance workshops to advance the understanding of the Lloyd's
Europe Board members and to consult on the double materiality assessment process.
6. Mr Hurd was appointed as a member of the Blueprint Two Cutover Committee with effect from 29 November 2023 (fees commenced with effect
from 1 January 2024).
7. Ms Luck was paid an additional fee for her role as Chair of the Nominations Committee for Chairman succession planning.
8. Mr Maidment was appointed as a member of the Blueprint Two Cutover Committee (BCC) with effect from 29 November 2023 (fees commenced
with effect from 1 January 2024). Mr Maidment ceased as a member of the Council, Audit Committee, Underwriting Advisory Panel and the BCC as
well as Chair of the Risk Committee and Chair of the Capacity Transfer Panel with effect from 31 January 2025.
9. Lord Sedwill was appointed as a member of the Blueprint Two Cutover Committee with effect from 29 November 2023 (fees commenced with
effect from 1 January 2024).
10. Mr Brooks was appointed as a member of the Blueprint Two Cutover Committee with effect from 29 November 2023 (fees commenced with effect
from 1 January 2024).
11. Ms Carter was appointed as a member of the Blueprint Two Cutover Committee with effect from 29 November 2023 (fees commenced with effect
from 1 January 2024).
12.Mr Dudley was appointed as a member of the Blueprint Two Cutover Committee with effect from 29 November 2023 (fees commenced with effect
from 1 January 2024).
Salary
The annual salaries of the Executive Directors take into account a range of factors, including increases for all employees across
the Society, and are reviewed by the Committee annually. Salaries for 2025 are as follows:
2025 Base Increase on
salaries 2024
£000 %
John Neal: Chief Executive Officer 770 — %
Burkhard Keese: Chief Financial Officer 550 — %
Patrick Tiernan: Chief of Markets 590 2.6 %
The average increase awarded to all employees with effect from 1 April 2025 is 3%.
Individual Performance Award (Code Principle R; Provision 33)
All Society employees, including international offices, were eligible to participate in the 2024 Individual Performance Award. For
Executive Directors the Committee reviews strategic and operational objectives and KPIs at the start of the financial year to
ensure that they are stretching and aligned to the Society’s strategic objectives.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 92

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Annual remuneration report
The following table sets out the performance framework and weightings for 2024 awards:
Performance metric Performance Digitalisation Purpose Culture Individual strategic KPIs
Weighting 17.5 % 15.0 % 7.5 % 10.0 % 50.0 %
Individual strategic KPIs are aligned to the four key strategic pillars of performance, digitalisation, purpose and culture. Awards
are subject to a risk underpin. The Committee assessed performance against a range of Society risk and compliance metrics
and no adjustments were applied for 2024.
2024 Individual Performance Award – out-turn
The following table sets out performance achievements against the KPIs set in respect of 2024:
Performance Digitalisation Purpose Culture
• Maintained strong • Delivered a simplified and • Published 'insuring the • Delivered an improved
performance transparent charging transition roadmap' and employee engagement score
• Improved financial strength structure executed against priorities on 2023, with an action plan
ratings, reflecting strength of • Begun to improve the for 2024 in place to continue to
balance sheet managing agent experience, • Led an NPS survey to better improve
• Defined and progressed including revising QMA and understand market • Made steady progress
commercial strategy, TPD returns participants feedback, towards having a more
evidenced through new • Fundamental reset of the initially focusing on capital diverse and inclusive
entrants and new premium Blueprint Two programme providers Corporation workforce
written through Lloyd's and leadership to improve • Developed articulation of the
• Maintained and further delivery confidence; 'Lloyd's story' to promote
strengthened relationships progress made on core brand
with key regulators, technology build
evidenced by PRA stance to • Improved testing of Lloyd's
principles-based oversight o p e r a t i o n a l r e silience
Taking into account an overall assessment of the above achievements, as well as individual performance, Lloyd's values and
Society risk, the Committee determined the following annual bonus payments in respect of 2024:
Role Maximum Out-turn
John Neal: Chief Executive Officer 100% of salary not applicable
Burkhard Keese: Chief Financial Officer 100% of salary 75% of salary
Patrick Tiernan: Chief of Markets 100% of salary 78% of salary
40% of total incentives (Individual Performance Award and Market Award) for Executive Directors will be deferred for three
years.
Market Award (Code Principle R)
All Society employees, including international offices, were eligible to participate in the 2024 Market Award on the basis set out
below:
• Market Awards are calculated by reference to profit before tax and combined operating ratio (weighted equally) for each
financial year;
• Market Awards are subject to a risk underpin; and
• 40% of the Market Award is deferred for three years for Executive Directors. For other employees above the proportionality
threshold, 40% of the Market Award will be deferred with payment made in three equal tranches in April 2026, April 2027 and
April 2028.
For senior employees whose remuneration is below the proportionality test (applicable to those defined as Solvency II staff for
remuneration purposes), the Market Award will be paid on an ongoing fund basis. Under this approach, one half of an award will
be paid in April following the relevant financial year, with the remaining 50% treated as an ongoing fund. For other employees,
the Market Award is paid in full in April following the relevant financial year.
The maximum opportunity for Executive Directors is 100% of salary for the Chief Executive Officer and Chief of Markets and
50% of salary for the Chief Financial Officer. Market Awards are subject to a personal performance underpin.
2024 Market Award – out-turn
2024 Market
Threshold Target Maximum 2024 Award
(20% of (50% of (100% of performance out-turn
2024 Market Award – performance metric maximum) maximum) maximum) out-turn (% of maximum)
Profit before tax element (50% weighting) £2bn £5bn £7bn £9.6bn 100%
Combined operating ratio element (50% weighting) 98% 95% 92% 86.9% 100%
Total Market Award payout (as a % of maximum) 100%
As a leaver due to resignation, the Market Award made to the CEO was forfeit in line with Lloyd's policy.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 93

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Committees of the Council continued
Annual remuneration report continued
2024 Strategic Transformation Incentive Plan award (Code Principle R)
The Committee carefully considered achievement of 2024 performance against key lead and lag performance indicators, as set
out below.
2024 award lead indicators - summary key achievements Underpin/lag indicators
Profitable Growth The following underpin
• Improved or maintained outlook across rating agencies indicators were met in respect of
• Successful, targeted onboarding of new entrants and managed pipeline in place 2024 awards:
• Uplifted proportion of GWP written with existing members • Lloyd’s normalised
• Multinational strategy defined and execution underway (normalised for large risk and
• Simplified charging structure to ease working at Lloyd's catastrophe loss) combined
• Expanded capital frameworks to attract new capital to Lloyd's operating ratio (COR) does
• Gained Managing Agent participation in investment platform solutions not exceed 95%; and
• Lloyd’s key financial strength
Technology and Digital
rating with S&P Global
• Reset Blueprint Two programme leadership and delivery approach, and oversaw progress of
remains at a minimum of A+.
Blueprint Two core technology build
• Progressed efforts to simplify the Corporation
'Fit for Purpose' Lloyd's
• Improved revenue and cost efficiency
• Appointed strategic delivery partner for technology and operations
2024 awards vested at 70% of maximum for the current CFO and Chief of Markets. Payment of vested awards will be made in
three tranches in April 2025, April 2026 and April 2027.
2025 Strategic Transformation Incentive Plan award (Code Principle R)
For 2025, awards will be made under the Strategic Transformation Incentive Plan which will operate as follows:
• Awards will be made to selected participants, with a maximum value of 25% to 200% of base salary. A maximum opportunity
of 100% and 125% of salary will be awarded to the Chief Financial Officer and Chief of Markets, respectively.
• Performance metrics will be based on lead indicators in Profitable Market Growth, Market Infrastructure and Efficiencies
(including Blueprint Two), and a ‘Fit for Purpose’ Lloyd’s, as set out below. Lead indicators will be underpinned by profitability
and financial strength of the Lloyd’s marketplace. As in 2024, vesting may be deferred by 12 months and the underpin tests
reapplied in the following year in the event that performance underpins are not met.
• Awards made in 2025 will be performance tested and vest following 31 December 2025. Payment of any vested awards will
be made in three tranches in the three years following the end of the performance period (April 2026, April 2027 and April
2028).
• Awards will be subject to Lloyd’s malus and clawback provisions, and the risk underpin adjustment applicable to the Lloyd’s
Incentive Plan.
2025 award – performance metrics
2025 award lead indicators Underpin/lag indicators
Profitable Market Growth Awards will only vest subject to the following conditions being met:
• Cycle management • At the end of the vesting year, Lloyd’s normalised (normalised
• Sustainable profit growth for large risk and catastrophe loss) combined operating ratio
• Platform of choice (COR) does not exceed 95%; and
Market Infrastructure and Efficiencies • Lloyd’s key financial strength rating with S&P Global remains at
• Delivering the benefits of Blueprint Two a minimum of A+
• Ease of operating at Lloyd's • Vesting may be deferred by 12 months and the underpin tests
reapplied in the following year in the event that performance
'Fit for Purpose' Lloyd's
underpins are not met.
• Revenue and cost targets
• Technology outsourcing
2023 Transformation Incentive Plan – out-turn
As disclosed in the 2023 Annual Report, in determining the out-turns for 2023 TIP awards, the Committee increased the level of
deferral and introduced an additional review process to ensure alignment with Blueprint Two progress.
The deferral period was adjusted so that 25%, rather than 33%, was paid in April 2024. Payment of the remaining 75% deferral
was subject to a further review of Blueprint Two progress by the Committee. The Blueprint Two programme was subject to a
comprehensive reset during the second half of 2024 and whilst positive progress has been made, cutover has been further
delayed until the build is tested and assured.
The Committee carefully considered overall progress made and the balance of rewarding delivery against lead indicators whilst
recognising the challenges and continuing delays in the programme. As a result, the Committee exercised its discretion to
i) reduce the outcome of the TIP 2023 award from 71% to 47%; and ii) delay the payment of the balance of the TIP 2023 award
to April 2026 and April 2027, in equal installments. Consequently, no TIP 2023 payment will be made in April 2025.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 94

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Newly appointed Chief Financial Officer (Alexandra Cliff)
Alexandra Cliff has been appointed as CFO with effect from 1 May 2025. Her remuneration package is as follows:
• Salary £425,000 pa
• Pension Cash Supplement: 15% of salary, in line with the maximum contribution available to wider Corporation employees
• Benefits Allowance: 3% of salary
• Maximum Individual Performance Award: 100% of salary, performance assessed against a balanced scorecard framework
• Maximum Market Award: 50% of salary
• Maximum Strategic Transformation Incentive Plan: 100% of salary
Departing Directors and Executives
Chief Executive Officer: John Neal
On 6 January 2025 Lloyd's announced that John Neal will be leaving in 2025 to join Aon after leading the Corporation for over
six years. During his remaining time at Lloyd's, John will continue to support both the planned succession of the new Chair and
the executive leadership transition, and will receive salary and benefits payments in respect of his notice period.
As a leaver due to resignation, in line with Lloyd's policy he is not eligible for 2024 or 2025 incentive awards and all outstanding
deferred awards are forfeit on termination of employment.
Chief Financial Officer: Burkhard Keese
Burkhard Keese will step down from Council on 30 April 2025. He will receive salary and benefits payments in respect of his
notice period and remains eligible for incentive awards for 2025, pro-rated for time served in role during the year. Outstanding
deferred awards will be subject to normal deferral rules and will be delivered in line with ordinary payment dates. As disclosed in
January 2025, Burkhard Keese will remain a strategic advisor to Lloyd's for the transition period.
Additional disclosures
Service contracts (Code Provision 39)
The Executive Directors have rolling contracts with notice periods that will not exceed one year. The Chairman has a contract
for three years from appointment.
Appointment date Unexpired term as at 31 December 2024 Notice period
Bruce Carnegie-Brown 16 June 2022 4 months 12 months
Sir Charles Roxburgh 1 May 2025 n/a 12 months
John Neal 15 October 2018 rolling 1 year 12 months
Burkhard Keese 1 April 2019 rolling 6 months 6 months
Alexandra Cliff 1 May 2025 n/a 6 months
Patrick Tiernan 4 May 2021 rolling 6 months 6 months
The Chairman and the Executive Directors’ service contracts are kept available for inspection by Lloyd’s members at the
Society’s registered office. External and working members are elected to the Council, while nominated members are appointed
to the Council, usually for a three-year period. These are not contractual arrangements and compensation is not paid if a
member leaves early.
Additional disclosures
Ten-year Chief Executive Officer remuneration
CEO single figure of total remuneration Annual bonus award as a percentage of Market Award as a percentage of maximum
£000 maximum opportunity opportunity4
20241 John Neal 983 0% 0%
20232 John Neal 2,710 71% 100%
2022 John Neal 2,085 74% 50%
2021 John Neal 1,599 66% 100%
2020 John Neal 1,299 74% 0%
2019 John Neal 1,594 92% 38%
20183 John Neal 167 N/A N/A
20183 Inga Beale 1,304 75% 0%
2017 Inga Beale 1,304 76% 0%
2016 Inga Beale 1,525 75% 63%
2015 Inga Beale 1,531 81% 63%
1. As John Neal is a leaver due to resignation, awards were forfeit in line with Lloyd's policy.
2. 2023 TIP has been restated to reflect downward adjustment from 71% to 47% with no payment made in 2025 - refer to page 89.
3. Inga Beale stepped down on 13 October 2018 and John Neal took up appointment on 15 October 2018. John Neal was not awarded a bonus in
2018 as his joining date was after the date for eligibility, in line with the approach taken for the wider workforce.
4. For year on year comparison the Transformation Incentive Plan is excluded from the above table.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 95

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Committees of the Council continued
Annual remuneration report continued
Percentage change in remuneration
The table below sets out details of the change in remuneration between 2020 and 2021, 2021 and 2022, 2022 and 2023 and
2023 and 2024.
2020 – 2021 2021 – 2022 2022 – 2023 2023 – 2024
Salary Benefits1 Bonus Salary Benefits1 Bonus Salary Benefits1 Bonus Salary Benefits Bonus
/fees /fees /fees /fees 1
Chief Executive Officer remuneration 2% (65)% 1% 5% (31)% 19% 7% 130% 18% 4% (16%) (100%)
Chief Financial Officer remuneration2 4% 14% (39)% 16% (2)% 16% 1% 11% 8% —% 6% (6%)
Chief of Markets remuneration3 100% 100% 100% 51% (53)% 6% 11% 5% 18% 2% 2% (4%)
Non-Executive Council member (15)% 196% N/A 4% 132% N/A 8% 2% N/A 10% (13%) N/A
remuneration (average)
Average of all Society employees 2% 2% 0% 3% 3% 3% 6% 6% 6% 3% 3% 3%
1. Benefits largely relate to travel expenses (including tax thereon) and other employment-related expenses, which may fluctuate between periods.
2. In 2022 the Chief Financial Officer took on the additional role of Chief Operating Officer, resulting in an increase in salary. With effect from
14 March 2023, a Chief Operating Officer was appointed, taking over responsibilities from the Chief Financial Officer.
3. The Chief of Markets was appointed on 4 May 2021, therefore the salary during the comparative period is pro-rated.
Relative importance of spend on pay
2024 2023 %
£m £m change
Corporation operating income 497 467 6 %
Total remuneration – all employees 189 183 3 %
Corporation operating income excludes income relating to the Central Fund.
Remuneration Committee governance (Code Provisions 33, 34 and 35)
The Remuneration Committee is a committee of the Council. Set out below is a summary of the Committee’s responsibilities
together with a note of the common activities undertaken.
Committee responsibility The Committee:
1. Remuneration arrangements • Sets remuneration arrangements for the Chairman, the Executive Directors and any other
direct reports, executive management or other persons as appropriate.
Further detail on the Remuneration Policy • Reviews the framework and policy for the remuneration of the Chairman of Lloyd’s, the
is available at www.lloyds.com Executive Directors, any other direct reports of the Chief Executive Officer, and such other
members of the executive management or other persons (including Solvency II employees)
as appropriate.
2. Directors' Remuneration Report • Reviews the Directors' Remuneration Report and recommends for Council approval.
3. Risk underpin • Assesses performance against a range of Society risk and compliance metrics.
4. Termination • Oversees any contractual terms on termination of employment of the Chairman of
Lloyd’s, Executive Director, any other direct report of the Chief Executive Officer and
such other members of the executive management or other persons/thresholds as
designated to consider.
Non-executive remuneration is decided by the Council, on recommendation from the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,
who may consult the Remuneration Committee as part of that process. The level of remuneration for each position reflects the
time commitment and responsibilities of each role.
Neither the Chairman, nor the Executive Directors, nor any other Director, plays a part in any discussion about his or her own
remuneration.
Committee meetings
At the request of the Committee, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief People Officer regularly attend Committee meetings.
Other senior Executives, for example, the Chief Risk Officer, are invited to attend for specific agenda items from time to time.
The Chair of the Committee meets informally and has open lines of communication with the Chief People Officer and other
members of the Executive team (as appropriate) together with senior management, to discuss topical issues and the operations
of the Society. These meetings provide an opportunity for any matters to be raised confidentially.
Advisers to the Committee
The Committee was assisted by its remuneration consultants, Deloitte LLP, who adhere to the Code of Conduct for executive
remuneration consultants. Deloitte LLP was appointed by the Committee and services are periodically reviewed by the
Committee to ensure that these remain relevant and provide the assistance required.
Deloitte LLP adheres to working practices that have been agreed with the Committee Chair, for the purpose of maintaining
independence, and the Committee is satisfied that the advice received from Deloitte LLP was objective and independent.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 96

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Total fees paid in respect of advice and services to assist the Committee amounted to £132,100 for the year (2023: £163,650)
and are determined by the scope of the services and the services agreement. Deloitte LLP also provided other services to the
Society during the year including the co-sourced Internal Audit resource, data and technology transformation advisory services,
risk and regulatory support, and specialist tax advisory services.
Compliance with the UK Corporate Governance Code 2018
(Code Principles Q and R; Provisions 37, 40 and 41)
Compliance statement
The Society is not required to report under the directors’ remuneration reporting regulations, as these only apply to UK-listed
companies. The Committee has chosen broadly to follow the disclosure principles in those regulations insofar as they can be
applied to the governance of the Society. Directors are not involved in deciding their own remuneration outcome.
The Committee’s terms of reference and Remuneration Policy provide further direction on the circumstances that must be
considered when authorising remuneration outcomes.
Committee composition (Code Provision 32)
The Committee’s composition (see page 88) did not comply with Provision 32 of the Code in that it is not comprised entirely of
independent members. It is recognised that the departure could be perceived as a risk to the independence of the Committee.
However, the Committee’s composition is deemed appropriate notwithstanding its departure from the Code. The Council has
done this to maximise the pool of skills and experience available to it when appointing the members of the Committee.
The Society has a conflicts of interest procedure in place (see page 68) and no Executive Director of the Council is eligible to
be a member of the Committee.
Remuneration Policy (Code Principles P and Q; Provision 39)
The Society is not required to comply with the directors’ remuneration reporting regulations, including the requirement for a
binding remuneration policy for Executive Directors, as these only apply to UK-listed companies.
Nonetheless, in line with good practice, the key features of the Society’s Remuneration Policy are set out on the Lloyd’s Total
Rewards Package page at www.lloyds.com. The policy is not legally binding, and the Committee reserves the right to amend the
policy at any time.
In 2024 the Remuneration Committee approved the Remuneration Policy (with Council being informed) rather than any
shareholders because the Society does not have shareholders (this is a departure from Provision 41 of the Code). Elected
representatives sit on the Remuneration Committee and therefore engagement is undertaken with external stakeholders when
remuneration discussions come before Council and the Remuneration Committee.
The Society's Remuneration Policy seeks to reward individuals who contribute to the success of the Corporation and the
Lloyd's market and the principles align to the Society's purpose and values, and the successful delivery of the Society's long-
term strategy. For incentive awards in respect of 2014 and subsequent years, malus and clawback provisions apply. These
apply to all incentive plan participants. From 2024, malus and clawback may apply for incentive awards for the following
reasons:
• an act of misconduct.
• material financial misstatement.
• in the event of a regulatory event or sanction.
• discovery of an error in Lloyd’s assessment of a performance condition or target.
• deliberate or negligent failure in risk management for which the employee was responsible or which they had failed to report.
• a regulatory event or sanction.
• serious reputational damage.
The approach to remuneration on termination is set out in the Society’s Remuneration Policy. In summary, if an Executive
Director is under notice of termination on or before the date on which an Individual Performance Award, Market Award or
Strategic Transformation Incentive Plan award would otherwise have been paid, the award will generally be forfeited, other than
in certain ‘good leaver’ circumstances. Where any payment is made, this would be based on performance, with payments made
in line with normal time horizons under the plan rules (except in the case of death). In relation to any award in respect of the
financial year notice of termination was served, the award would also normally be pro-rated for time.
Use of discretion
The extent to which discretion has been applied to remuneration outcomes and the reasons why they are not disclosed is a
departure from Provision 41 of the Code. The possible risk with this approach is that the use of discretion cannot be assessed in
the way envisaged by the Code. However, the Remuneration Report explains that a discretionary risk underpin applies to
incentive out-turns and sets out if a downward risk underpin has been applied when such a decision is made. The Remuneration
Report also details the circumstances where the Committee retains the discretion to apply malus or clawback to awards.
In addition, in accordance with Part 3 of the Constitutional Arrangements Byelaw, the Society’s Directors are required to
exercise independent judgement and act in good faith to promote the success of the Society having regard to a number of
factors, including (but not limited to) the likely consequences of any decision in the long term and the need for the Society to
have regard to the interests of its employees.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 97

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Committees of the Council continued
Annual remuneration report continued
Therefore, it is not considered appropriate to incorporate the extent to which discretion has been applied to the remuneration
outcomes and the reasons why, within the Remuneration Report, over and above that already covered.
Provisions 40 and 41
The Remuneration Report contains clear and concise information with sufficient detail contained overall within the
Remuneration Report to give external stakeholders a good understanding on how Executive Director Remuneration Policy and
practices are determined. It is considered that the inclusion of descriptions following specific wording from Provision 40 could
potentially duplicate and dilute the information contained within the report.
Therefore, a description (with examples) of how the Committee has addressed the factors in Provision 40 of the Code is not
incorporated in the Remuneration Report under the specific headings identified in the Code, and this is a departure from
Provision 41 of the Code. The risk of this approach is that the descriptions are not presented in the way envisaged by the Code.
However, as set out above, the Remuneration Report contains clear and concise information that achieves the overall objectives
envisaged by the Code.
Lloyd’s is not subject to the directors’ remuneration reporting regulations for UK-listed companies, and therefore is not required
to consider Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director to employee pay ratios. However, the Committee reviews and
considers gender and ethnicity pay gaps.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 98

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Committees of the Council
Investment Committee (Code Provision 3)
Terms of reference
The Investment Committee recommends to the Council the investment
The terms of reference for the Investment objectives and parameters of Lloyd’s centrally managed assets and is
and Sustainability Committees can be responsible for reviewing performance against these. In addition, it monitors
found at www.lloyds.com. the investment operations of the Treasury and Investment Management
Investment Committee attendance function in respect of all funds under its management and approves all
(Code Provision 14) investment counterparties. It may also make more general
recommendations concerning investment activity at Lloyd’s. In relation to
Scheduled
meetings the Lloyd’s Investment Platform, the Investment Committee has certain
attended*
monitoring and oversight responsibilities in respect of the operating model,
Chair Paul Stanworth 4/4
the establishment of fund structures on the platform, and the activities of
Council members Angela Crawford- 4/4 the platform investment adviser and platform operator.
Ingle
The Investment Committee is required to obtain the approval of the Council
Marcus Johnson 4/4
before making any decisions that may materially affect the financial risks
Subject matter Mark Allan 4/4
applying to the Society or Lloyd’s market entities. The Chair of the
experts Reeken Patel 4/4
Investment Committee meets informally with and has open lines of
Emily Penn 3/4 communication with the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Investment Officer
Katie Wade1 2/3 and other members of the Executive team (as appropriate) to discuss
Executive Eleanor Bucks 4/4 topical issues and the operations of the Society. These meetings provide an
members Burkhard Keese 4/4 opportunity for any matters to be raised confidentially.
John Neal 4/4 The Investment Committee is chaired by Paul Stanworth. The other
Notes: members of the Committee are drawn from the Council and the Executive,
* Four scheduled meetings were held during 2024. together with independent subject matter experts. The Chairman is a
1. Katie Wade was appointed as a member of the regular attendee, with other individuals invited to attend all or part of any
Investment Committee with effect from 1 April
meeting as and when deemed appropriate.
2024.
Sustainability Committee attendance Sustainability Committee (Code Principles B, D, E and K;
(Code Principle D; Provision 14) Provisions 2, 3 and 5)
Scheduled The Sustainability Committee is responsible for reviewing, challenging and
meetings approving submissions in respect of the Lloyd’s sustainability, culture and
attended*
philanthropic strategies. This responsibility includes reviewing employee
Chair Lord Mark Sedwill 5/5
engagement surveys which are undertaken annually.
Council members Richard Dudley 4/5
Joe Hurd 5/5 The Sustainability Committee is chaired by Lord Mark Sedwill, the Senior
Independent Deputy Chairman of Lloyd’s. The Sustainability Committee
Fiona Luck 5/5
Chair has a wealth of skills, knowledge and experience, having led or helped
Jane Warren3 5/5
shape policymaking approaches to topics including sustainability and energy
Market Sheila Cameron 4/5
transition. The remaining members are drawn from the Council,
representatives
representation from the market, subject matter experts and executive
Subject matter Brian Dow 5/5 members as set out in the Sustainability Committee attendance table.
experts Ingrid Holmes 4/5
The Chair of the Sustainability Committee meets informally and has open
Kamel Hothi 5/5
lines of communication with the Chief Executive Officer and other members
Executive Rebekah Clement 5/5 of the Executive team as required, together with other members of senior
members Sara Gomez1 3/5 management (as appropriate), to discuss topical issues and the operations
Mark Lomas 4/5 of the Society. These meetings provide an opportunity for matters to be
Jo Scott2 5/5 raised confidentially.
Rachel Turk 5/5 The Chief Executive Officer and Chief People Officer report as appropriate
Notes: on the Employee Change Forum (ECF) and related culture matters to
* Five scheduled meetings were held during 2024. ensure effective workforce engagement. The ECF arrangements are
The Sustainability Committee membership
considered appropriate because representatives are elected for each
includes the Lloyd’s Corporate Affairs Director,
Chief Underwriting Officer, and Chief People function within Lloyd's, with the Executive from that function chairing ECF
Officer, who are responsible for leading and meetings. Each ECF function elects a representative who attends
executing Lloyd’s (Corporation and Market)
Corporation-wide ECF meetings, chaired by the Chief Executive Officer.
sustainability strategy globally. This includes
driving Lloyd’s climate action commitments. The functional ECF meetings take place a minimum of six times each year,
1. On 27 January 2025 Nathan Adams was with Corporation ECF meetings taking place at least once a quarter. The
appointed as Chief People Officer thereby
meetings are conducted by way of a two-way dialogue, where views of the
automatically replacing Sara Gomez as a member
of the Sustainability Committee. Sara Gomez ECF are considered. The effectiveness of how Lloyd's responds to
ceased to be a member of the Sustainability employee feedback is monitored, as appropriate, including via the employee
Committee on the same date.
engagement survey and feedback via the ECF. Please refer to the separate
2. Jo Scott ceased as a member of the Sustainability
Committee with effect from 20 September 2024. Sustainability Report for further information.
3. Jane Warren was appointed as an external
member of the Council from 1 February 2025.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 99

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Committees of the Council continued
Blueprint Two Cutover Committee (BCC) (Code Principle D)
Terms of reference
The BCC meets when required and is intended to assist the Council by
The terms of reference for the BCC, TTA reviewing proposals by the Executive on key milestones for Blueprint Two
and UAP can be found at www.lloyds.com. cutover. During 2024, it took input from the TTA. Ultimately the BCC will
BCC attendance (Code Provision make recommendations to the Council for go or no-go decisions on
14) Blueprint Two. The Chair of the BCC is Richard Dudley (an elected member
of the Council and who was also the Chair of the TTA) and the other
Scheduled
meetings members are drawn from the Council.
attended*
Chair Richard Dudley 5/5 Technology and Transformation Advisory Panel (TTA) (Code
Council members Andrew Brooks 5/5 Principle D)
Victoria Carter 4/5 During 2024, the TTA assisted the Council by sharing insights, expert advice
and assessments of developments in the delivery, communication and
Joe Hurd 5/5
adoption of the Blueprint Two programme, identifying issues for
Neil Maidment1 4/5
consideration, focus and review by the BCC and the Council.
Lord Mark Sedwill 5/5
Notes: Richard Dudley (an elected member of the Council) chaired the TTA. The
* Five schedule meetings were held during 2024. TTA was comprised of senior market practitioners drawn from both the
1. Neil Maidment ceased as a member of the BCC underwriting and broking communities to enable the sharing of market
with effect from 31 January 2025.
insights into development, and execution risk in the delivery of the
programme and related Velonetic activity. The CEO of Velonetic (previously
TTA attendance (Code Principle D,
Chief Operations Officer of Lloyd's) attended each TTA meeting. On 13
Provision 14) February 2025, the TTA was reconfigured into a formal committee of the
Scheduled Council - the 'Technology and Transformation Committee' ('TTC') with a new
meetings
attended* composition comprised of Council members, Lloyd's Markets Association
(LMA), International Underwriting Association of London (IUA), Velonetic
Chair Richard Dudley 5/5
management/shareholder representatives and a broker representation with
Council members Joe Hurd 4/5
revised terms of reference. Richard Dudley is the chair of the TTC.
Sean McGovern 5/5
Special adviser to Matthew Wilson1 1/4 Underwriting Advisory Panel (UAP)
the Council The UAP assists the Chief of Markets by sharing, as appropriate, insights
Market Clive Buesnel 4/5 and assessments regarding underwriting conditions, developments and
representatives Sheila Cameron 5/5 trends in the insurance market (including any long-term issues) and provides
expert advice on technical market matters.
Cecile Fresneau 2/5
Brad Irick2 2/3 The UAP is chaired by the Chief of Markets, and its remaining members are
Notes: comprised of the Chair of the Lloyd’s Market Association and Council
* During 2024 five scheduled meetings were held members with relevant market expertise.
with one of those scheduled meetings being
rearranged at short notice (which may have
impacted on availability). Four ad hoc meetings
were also held.
1. Matthew Wilson ceased as special adviser to the
TTA with effect from 26 September 2024.
2. Brad Irick ceased as a member of the TTA with
effect from 26 June 2024.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 100

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Special Committees of the Council
Special Committees
Terms of reference
Market Supervision and Review Committee (MSARC)
The terms of reference for MSARC and
MSARC takes decisions regarding the exercise of the Society’s
CTP can be found at www.lloyds.com.
enforcement powers. It also acts as a review body capable, where
MSARC attendance (Code, appropriate, of amending, modifying, or withdrawing certain decisions taken
Provision 14) by the Executive affecting managing agents. It also acts as the body that
Scheduled determines whether certain decisions can be referred to the Lloyd’s Appeal
meetings
Tribunal and can also make certain business decisions.
attended*
Chair Sir Mark 2/2 The members of MSARC are appointed by the Council and are neither
Havelock-Allan Council members, nor employees of the Society. MSARC is chaired by a
KC
qualified lawyer.
SMEs1 Susan-Jane 2/2
Hayes MSARC submits a written report to the Council annually and may submit
additional reports where appropriate.
Emma Higgins 1/2
Julian James 2/2 Capacity Transfer Panel (CTP)
Tammy 2/2 The CTP was established principally to exercise the Council’s powers in
Richardson relation to syndicate minority buyouts and mergers.
Notes:
The members of the CTP are appointed by the Council. During 2024, the
* Two scheduled meetings were held during 2024.
CTP was chaired by Neil Maidment, an independent nominated member of
1. Nick Marsh ceased as a member of MSARC with
effect from 31 January 2024. the Council.
The CTP submits a written report to the Council annually and may submit
CTP attendance* (Code, Provision
additional reports on matters of material concern, as and when necessary.
14)
Chair Neil Maidment1 1/1
SMEs Richard Boys- 1/1
Stones
Margaret 1/1
Chamberlain
Other non- Sheila Cameron 1/1
executive Lady Rona Delves 0/1
committee Broughton2
members
Belinda Schofield 1/1
Kalpana Shah 0/1
Notes
* One meeting was held during 2024.
1. Neil Maidment ceased as Chair of the CTP with
effect from 31 January 2025.
2. Lady Rona Delves Broughton recused herself from
the meeting owing to a conflict of interest.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 101

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Report of the Lloyd’s
Members’ Ombudsman
Report by Simon Cooper, Lloyd’s Members’ Ombudsman
I am pleased to present the Annual Report of the Lloyd’s Members’ Ombudsman to the Council of Lloyd’s for the year ended 31
December 2024.
The role of the Lloyd’s Members’ Ombudsman is to investigate complaints made by members of Lloyd’s who believe that they
have suffered injustice in consequence of maladministration in relation to any action taken by, or on behalf of, the Society.
Complaints received
During 2024, my office did not receive any complaints.
Costs
The expenses incurred by my office amounted to £15,000.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 102

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Climate-related financial disclosures
Since 2023, Lloyd’s has been in scope of the UK Companies (Strategic Report) (Climate-related Financial Disclosure)
Regulations 2022 (“CFD”). Our disclosure below sets out our alignment with the CFD regulations.
CFD disclosure points Description
Governance
a) A description of the Climate-related risk from physical, transition and litigation risk are governed and managed through our
governance governance structure, outlined on page 66 of this report.
arrangements of the
Committees
company in relation to
Relevant teams report risks and opportunities to the Executive Committee, which escalates key issues
assessing and managing
through the Investment, Risk and Sustainability Committees of the Council to the Lloyd's Council. The
climate-related risks and
Council's Sustainability Committee reviews and approves the Society's sustainability and culture strategies.
opportunities
More information on the Risk Committee's oversight for sustainability and climate change can be found on
page 81.
In addition to the Committees of the Council, the Executive Sustainability Committee acts as a bridge
between department heads, the Executive Committee and the Council's Sustainability Committee on
sustainability matters. For climate risk specifically, the Lloyd’s Chief Risk Officer (CRO) serves as the
Senior Management Function Holder (SMFH) responsible for oversight.
Working Groups
The Society also has a Climate Change Risk Working Group which is chaired by a representative from
Financial Risk Management and meets quarterly with the objective ‘To form and maintain a holistic,
consistent and up to date cross-functional view of the financial risks arising from climate change –
understanding key risks and their implications, prioritising and driving actions to manage the risks’. The
working group escalates relevant matters to the Executive Sustainability Committee and the Market
Oversight Group and ensures that the SMFH with responsibility for overseeing climate change risks is kept
informed.
Market Oversight
The Society has a responsibility to monitor not only the Society’s climate-related risks and opportunities,
but also to oversee how the market monitors its climate-related risks. The Market Oversight Director is
responsible for the performance oversight of the market, including the oversight framework of the market,
syndicate business plans and third-party oversight. Market sustainability strategies are assessed under
this oversight framework.
Risk Management
b) A description of how Climate change risks are identified, assessed and managed as part of the wider risk management
the company identifies, framework, with support and oversight through the governance described above.
assesses and manages
Horizon Scanning
the climate-related risks The Society monitors emerging transition and litigation risks through its Sustainability and Government,
and opportunities Policy and Affairs teams to ensure the Society is well prepared for upcoming regulatory and policy
changes. The Head of Government Policy and Affairs is responsible for monitoring policy and legislative
change that could impact the Society, as well as it’s wider public affairs strategy.
Climate-related regulation and the likely impact is jointly managed by the Head of Sustainability, (who
reports directly to the Corporate Affairs Director), and the International Chief Financial Officer. The
Corporate Affairs Director and International Chief Financial Officer are part of the Society’s Executive
Leadership Group. The Society actively engages with regulatory consultations across multiple jurisdictions,
including the UK, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and the Americas to stay current with reporting requirements.
Exposure and Risk Management
The Society’s central assets, including the Central Fund, are held to protect policyholders in the rare event
that a member of the Lloyd’s market needs additional assets to meet its liabilities. As such, the Society
conducts its exposure and risk management activities on the aggregate of the market to understand the
potential financial risk to the Central Fund.
Physical risks resulting from natural catastrophes are a core part of exposure management for the Society
with regular monitoring of in-force aggregate market exposure through the Exposure Management team
which includes stress-testing through the Realistic Disaster Scenarios (RDS).
As part of the Society’s risk management framework, stress-testing is undertaken by the Risk
Management team and provides a view of climate-related stresses on solvency and profitability. Stress-
testing is regularly carried out through Lloyd’s Own Risk and Solvency Assessment (ORSA), annual
Business Plan Stress Testing (BPST) and validation of Lloyd’s internal model. To assess and manage
climate-related risks, in 2021, the Society took part in the Bank of England's Climate Biennial Exploratory
Scenario (CBES) exercise, which provided a long-term climate change stress test for the banking and
insurance industry.
More detailed information on the exercise, including the three scenarios tested, can be found on the Bank
of England website. The Society refreshed this assessment in 2024 to ensure its view of financial risk
remained up to date, in keeping with the PRA’s expectations, applying the 2021 stresses to 2024
aggregated exposure data. More details can be found below in d), e) and f). The Society’s processes for
monitoring climate-related risk, including how to mitigate, transfer, accept and control those risks are
available below in c) and f).
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 103

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Climate-related financial disclosures continued
CFD disclosure points Description
c) A description of how The Society does not use an external terminology or framework for climate-related risk but has integrated
processes for climate-related risk into its overall risk management framework. This includes climate risks being
identifying, assessing embedded in our Risk appetite reporting framework, Own Risk and Solvency Assessment (ORSA) process,
and managing climate- Stress and Scenario Testing (SST), Risk and Control Self-Assessment (RCSA) process and Risk incident
related risks are reporting process.
integrated into the
overall risk management
process in the company
Strategy
d) A description of: i) the The risk that climate change presents to the Society’s own business and operations due to physical,
principal climate-related transition and litigation is a principal risk on the Society risk register, as set out on page 21 of this report.
risks and opportunities
The following risks to the Society's operations, which could materialise over a period of 0 - 30 years, have
arising in connection
been identified:
with the operations of
• Transition risks including:
the company; and ii) the
– Reputational risk if the Society fails to deliver on its sustainability commitments. Risk likely to
time periods by
materialise over the short-term (0 to 3 years).
reference to which
– Technology risk, including suitability of sustainability reporting and emission calculation tools to meet
those risks and
the Society’s needs. Risk likely to materialise over the short to medium-term (0 to 5 years).
opportunities are
• Litigation risks due to climate-related legal action, or non-compliance with sustainability reporting, or
assessed
failure to oversee the international sustainability reporting requirements of underwriters in the Lloyd’s
market. Risk likely to materialise over the medium-term (3 to 5 years).
• Physical risk due to impacts on the Society's infrastructure arising from severe weather events or
changing climate patterns. Risk likely to materialise over the long-term (5+ years).
The climate transition also presents several opportunities for the Society, which facilitates innovation in
new products and services for the market through several mechanisms, including the TCX (transition) and
ICX (innovation) classes of business, the Lloyd’s Lab InsurTech Accelerator programme, the Lloyd’s Lab
Challenge and FutureMinds programme.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 104

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
CFD disclosure points Description
e) A description of the As referenced in b), the Society took part in the CBES exercise assessing the aggregate capital and
actual and potential solvency position for the Lloyd’s market and the Central Fund by applying physical, transition and litigation
impacts of the principal stresses across deterministic 30-year climate pathways. Both the 2021 exercise and the 2024 refresh
climate-related risks and demonstrated that the Lloyd’s market and the Society are well positioned to manage severe impacts of
opportunities on the climate change risk, evidencing a strong balance sheet under all scenarios to physical, transition and
business model and litigation risk impacts. The scenarios used are described in f) below.
strategy of the company
The impacts described below and results from the CBES exercise are based on the aggregate of the
market, to support the Society’s understanding of the potential financial risk to the Central Fund. For more
information on the Lloyd’s Chain of Security see page 11.
Physical risk impacts: Physical risk resulting from the impacts of changing climate on the frequency and/
or severity of weather events will affect losses globally. The key resulting impacts include inadequate
pricing of risks, and likelihood and/or severity of natural catastrophes not being adequately captured in
models. This could adversely impact underwriting profitability, cat exposure, capital and reserving.
There are also customer and reputational risks around certain perils or regions becoming 'uninsurable' or
prohibitively expensive for policyholders. These risks are actively managed through the mechanisms
described above in c).
To manage the physical risks from climate change, a key control is the annual re-writing/re-pricing of risks.
Transition risk impacts: Transition risks are those arising as a result of societal adjustment to a low-
carbon economy. The direct implications for the Society and Lloyd’s market are expected to include:
• Impact on investment value and volatility.
• Impact on risk profile through new entrants or changes to underwriting strategies.
• Sustainability strategy and associated risk implications (reputational, legal, operational, underwriting).
• Compliance with changing regulations and reporting requirements.
Through the CBES and other SSTs, the Society has assessed the financial impacts of the climate
transition to the central asset portfolio and Lloyd’s market underwriting exposure. The exposure to asset
sub-sectors most exposed to the climate transition risk is monitored and reported as part of risk appetites.
Litigation risk impacts: Litigation risk is an area of uncertainty as exposure is challenging to quantify and it
is a rapidly changing area. Broadly speaking, the impacts of climate litigation for the Society and Lloyd’s
market fall into three areas: Direct claims against the Society and/or its directors; Insurance liabilities in
respect of current/future policies for the Lloyd’s market; and Insurance liabilities in respect of historic
policies ('latent claims') for the Lloyd’s market. There remains significant uncertainty around the impact to
the market and to the Society. Some scenario testing has been carried out and through market oversight,
the Society is working to ensure that the market adequately understands and manages their own
exposures. The Society assessed its own vulnerability to climate-related legal action by considering the
rise in climate litigation changes, and the number of companies targeted in strategic climate-aligned cases
by sector. A thematic review is currently underway, exploring how the climate risks (including litigation) are
captured in syndicate capital models.
In addition to risk impacts, the Society has also identified several opportunities as a result of the climate
transition and climate change. These have been described throughout our Sustainability report, and include
but are not limited to: the launch of the TCX code; Lloyd’s Futureset series on clean technologies and hard
to abate sectors; Lloyd’s Lab, our incubator for InsurTechs including those with a climate focus; supporting
businesses committed to ‘Insuring the transition’ through the new entrants pipeline; our partnership with
the Sustainable Markets Initiative; investments made through the Lloyd’s Private Impact Fund; and the
launch of the Global Disaster Resilience Vehicle.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 105

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Climate-related financial disclosures continued
CFD disclosure points Description
f) An analysis of the In both 2021 and the 2024 CBES refresh, the interplay between the severity and rating for the physical,
resilience of the transition and litigation risk changes considered changes over time and was dependent upon the scenario
business model and selected. The scenarios used are described below.
strategy of the company
As set out in e) the assessment of resilience under different scenarios is with respect to aggregated
taking into consideration
market activities that could impact the Central Fund.
different climate-related
scenarios For physical risks: the Society and the market are well positioned to manage the physical risks from
climate change through the established exposure management controls. A key control is the annual re-
writing/re-pricing of risks, with exposure adjusted in line with risk appetites. This means that physical risk is
likely to manifest as a profitability event, rather than a solvency event.
For transition risks: the impact to Lloyd’s total market portfolio, dependent upon the early action, late
action or no action scenario, has been assessed over a 30-year period. This exposure continues to be low
and the Lloyd’s balance sheet would remain in a surplus position across all three scenarios. Exposure to
transition risk within the investment portfolio is monitored via key risk indicators in the ‘Investments’ risk
category.
For litigation risks: whilst the Society is developing our ability to monitor claims relating to climate litigation
and the wider legal environment, this remains an area of high uncertainty and concern from a syndicate
and aggregate market perspective. Our near-term focus is on ensuring syndicates are appropriately
managing their own prospective and historical exposures.
The Society is fundamentally well placed to manage climate risks. While there is inherent complexity and
uncertainty in how the future climate pathway will develop, the Society has controls and processes in place
to manage and mitigate the exposures as they emerge, including:
• Re-underwriting and re-pricing insurance risks each year at renewal, adjusting exposure in line with risk
appetite.
• A robust business planning and capital setting process for the market, including annual capital raising in
line with risk exposure.
• Independent assessment of the adequacy of reserves for every syndicate, taking account of any
emerging trends.
• Holding a well understood, short-term and liquid asset portfolio across the chain of security, in line with
Solvency II rules, which we would be able to de-risk quickly as financial markets react to a transition.
• Systemic risk research and thought leadership from the Society of Lloyd’s, which understands
emerging risks and supports economies in improving resilience following any loss, regardless of
whether this is driven by climate change.
The degree to which the Society and the Lloyd’s market decide to implement the above levers will depend
upon the severity identified through monitoring key risk indicators. Should the key risk indicators appear to
move outside of Lloyd’s risk appetite, guidance can be issued to the market, with effective oversight
implemented to ensure strategic action has been taken.
The financial impacts as a result of climate-related risk have been modelled and are discussed above
alongside the actions which have been taken as a result.
The Society does not currently account for carbon pricing on its balance sheet, however, it annually
measures the Society’s emissions across Scope 1, Scope 2 and selected Scope 3.
Early action Late action No action
Transition risk Medium High Limited
Transition begins in 2021 2031 N/A
Nature of transition Early and orderly Late and disorderly No change from 2021
Physical risks Limited Limited High
Mean global warming 1.8°C 1.8°C 3.3°C
Mean sea level rise 0.16m 0.16m 0.38m
Impact on output Temporarily lower growth Sudden contraction (recession) Permanently lower growth and
higher uncertainty
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 106

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
CFD disclosure points Description
Metrics and Targets
g) The key performance The Society is working towards reducing its global operational emissions, as reported in our Streamline
indicators used to Energy Carbon Report (SECR) below. We have seen a 14% reduction in global operational emissions per
assess progress against FTE from our baseline year of 2019.
targets used to manage
Managing agents in the Lloyd’s market set their own targets for climate-related risks and opportunities. Lloyd’s
climate-related risks and
managing agents are expected to comply with any applicable UK and international government obligations.
realise climate-related
opportunities The Society’s own climate-related targets are similarly dependent upon the action of UK and global
governments and whether or not they enact policy to transition to lower carbon economies and net zero by
2050. The Society is actively engaging the UK government to offer support where possible, in addition to
broader engagement with our peers on climate-related matters as evidenced through our engagements
with Futureset.
h) The key performance As part of our risk appetite framework, a number of key risk indicators are regularly monitored and
indicators used to recorded. Should these key risk indicators change over time, the Society will be able to provide
assess progress against recommendations to the Council and enact a change to strategy or financial planning.
targets used to manage
The Society's key risk indicators relevant to climate change risk are:
climate-related risks and
• Physical risk: 1-in-200 losses from the top five region perils, as a proportion of aggregate capital.
realise climate-related
Further work is also ongoing to consider expanding the current list of top five perils.
opportunities and a
• Transition risk: exposure to transition risk within the investment portfolio is monitored via key risk
description of the
indicators in the ‘Investments’ risk category.
calculations on which
• Number of investment parameter breaches over the quarter: 0 as at Q3 2024.
those key performance
• Exposure to sub-sectors most exposed to climate transition risk (to align with the CBES we assume
indicators are based
this to be those sectors with GVA loss 30%+): – 1.17% as at Q3 2024.
• Underwriting profitability: risk appetite metric sets limits on overall underwriting result.
Lloyd’s Executive remuneration is assessed against a rigorous balanced scorecard of quantifiable metrics
and is subject to risk adjustment. 7.5% of Executive remuneration is weighted to key performance
indicators for Lloyd’s purpose, which encompasses the Society’s sustainability strategy. Further
information can be found in the Remuneration Report on page 88.
Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting
2024 2023
Global
UK emissions UK Global emissions
tCO2e GHG emissions emissions (excluding UK) Total emissions (excluding UK) Total
Direct emissions (Scope 1) 1,263 5 1,268 1,568 3 1,571
Indirect emissions (Scope 2)
Location based 2,472 269 2,741 2,715 403 3,118
Market based — 281 281 — 423 423
Total Scope 1 + 2 (location based) 3,735 274 4,009 4,283 406 4,689
Total Scope 1 + 2 (market based) 1,263 286 1,549 1,568 426 1,994
Other indirect emissions (Scope 3)
Total of selected Scope 3 3,015 1,284 4,299 1,702 776 2,478
Grand total Scope 1, 2, 3 (location based) 6,750 1,558 8,308 5,985 1,182 7,167
Grand total Scope 1, 2, 3 (market based) 4,278 1,570 5,848 3,270 1,202 4,472
Carbon intensity location based (tCO e/FTE) 6.4 6.0 6.3 5.7 4.6 5.5
2
Total energy usage (kWh) 19,593,262 812,007 20,405,269 22,489,862 1,225,078 23,714,940
Environmental performance summary
Our UK operations continue to account for the majority of our emissions (81%). In 2024, natural gas consumption has remained
steady compared to 2023, reflecting a consistent FTE count. The continued implementation of renewable energy at our UK
offices, combined with the energy saving measures outlined in our 2024 Sustainability Report has resulted in a 12% reduction of
our Scope 2 emissions. Our combined operational emissions (Scope 1 and 2) have seen a 14% reduction from 2023.
Due to enhanced data capture and a noticeable increase in business travel globally, our overall emissions (Scope 1, 2 and
selected Scope 3) have increased by 16% from 2023. This increase in Scope 3 emissions has also driven our overall emissions
intensity per FTE from 5.5 to 6.3 tCO e. While the additional data has resulted in higher reported emissions, it provides a more
2
complete footprint from which we can manage ongoing emissions reduction activities. As part of this we have also restated our
2023 emissions total due to a change in the methodology used to calculate business travel. Overall, we have still seen a total
14% reduction in Corporation global emissions per FTE from our 2019 baseline year.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 107

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Climate-related financial disclosures continued
Outlook
Within the Lloyd’s building in London, the landlord has committed to decarbonising and improving the building’s energy
efficiency by 2030, with an aim to achieve an EPC rating of ‘C’ by 2027 and ‘B’ by 2030. In 2024, the Lloyd’s Chatham office
received an EPC rating of ‘A’, recognising the work done to improve energy efficiency at this site. We are implementing
International Energy Management Standard ISO 50001 in our London and Chatham offices, with the final assessment due in
early 2025. This will ensure energy is managed in a standardised process with improved energy consumption tracking.
Methodology
The methodology used to compile our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions inventory is in accordance with the requirements of
the World Resources Institute GHG Protocol Corporate Standard (revised version) and Defra’s Environmental Reporting
Guidelines, including Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting (SECR) requirements (March 2019). The data is reported
based on calendar year which is the summation of the UK emissions and global emissions (excluding the UK) to comply with
the SECR regulations.
We are aware of our reporting requirements under The Companies (Directors’ Report) and Limited Liability Partnerships
(Energy and Carbon Report) Regulations 2018. We continue to meet the requirements of the regulations by reporting on all
material global emissions in Scope 1 and 2 and a ratio of company emissions to a quantifiable factor associated with company
activity (FTE). We also report selected Scope 3 emissions.
We report our GHG emissions on an operational control approach. This means our GHG emissions cover all legal entities and
sites for which Lloyd’s has operational control – this includes all office locations where Lloyd’s has management control of
energy ownership and usage. These locations exclude 'representative offices' where employees of the Corporation work in
physical sites outside the operational control of the Corporation. The reporting does not cover the Lloyd’s marketplace or any
of its participants. These are separate entities which have their own strategies, over which Lloyd’s has no operational control.
This is an accepted consolidated approach from the GHG Protocol.
Our Scope 1 emissions include natural gas and gas oil. This is calculated via invoices from our suppliers stating gas consumption
in kWh, and estimations made on the levels of our tanks. We then apply emissions factors from Defra’s Environmental Reporting
requirements to convert this to tCOe. For our London site, we source biogas which emits fewer GHG emissions than natural
2
gas. However, as the GHG Protocol does not yet provide definitive guidance on accounting for emissions from biogas, we report
as if natural gas has been used for our Scope 1. 99% of our calculated Scope 1 emissions across the UK and globally are from
actual data. The 1% estimated is the gas oil levels.
Our Scope 2 includes electricity; we collect invoices or meter readings directly from our offices which state their electricity
consumption in kWh. We then apply emissions factors from Defra’s Environmental Reporting requirements to convert this to
tCO e. Where actual data is not available, estimations are calculated based on the office floor area, with the appropriate
2
emissions factor for the country from the International Energy Agency (IEA). 98% of our calculated Scope 2 emissions across
the UK and globally are from actual data. The 2% estimated come from electricity consumption of international offices where
meter readings and invoices were not available. Our electricity is reported on location-based and market-based totals.
Location-based emissions calculate the emissions from electricity use based on the average emission intensity of the power
grid. Market-based emissions calculate emissions from electricity use, factoring in the electricity the company has purchased.
As we source 100% of electricity for our London and Chatham offices from renewable sources with zero GHG emissions, our
UK Scope 2 market-based emissions are zero.
Our Scope 3 emissions cover a number of categories: category 1 – Purchased goods and services, paper and water use only;
category 3 – Fuel and energy related activity not already included in Scope 2; category 5 – Waste generated in operations
(waste and wastewater); category 6 – Business travel, including flights, domestic and international rail travel, hotel
accommodation made through our third-party travel partner and category 7 – Employee commuting. As above, data is
collected directly where available and converted from the appropriate ton, m3, kWh, km, room per night to tCO e using the
2
Defra conversion factor. 30% of our calculated Scope 3 emissions across the UK and globally are from actual data. The 70%
estimated largely comes from the treatment of employee expenses on the ledger with respect to business travel, and collecting
data on employee commuting and working from home and extrapolating this to the entire workforce. Due to the absence of
sustainability disclosures and data availability globally, the use of estimations, within reason, is seen as an acceptable
methodology in order to provide a best estimate of GHG emissions.
We have sought limited assurance on our Scope 3 Category 3 (233 tCO e), Category 6 (3,349 tCO e ) and Category 7
2 2
(682 tCO e) emissions for 2024. For 2023, limited assurance was obtained only for Scope 3 Category 3 and Category 6.
2
Further information on our emissions can be found in the reporting criteria section of our Sustainability Report.
Non-Financial Information and Sustainability Statement
The Society presents its Non-Financial Information and Sustainability Statement, produced to comply with sections 414CA
and 414CB of the Companies Act 2006. The policies and standards referenced below are applicable to the Society.
Managing agents set their own policies, within the parameters of the Lloyd's governance and oversight framework.
Policies are considered key to the mitigation of risk and encouraging and guiding the right behaviours across the organisation to
deliver value to our stakeholders.
The table below sets out the Society's key non-financial policies and how they govern our approach.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 108

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Reporting requirement and policies and standards Reference to
further information
Environmental matters
Our Environmental & Energy Policy sets out the Society’s commitment to environmental management and to ensure Read more:
compliance with all relevant environmental legislation. The policy applies to all jurisdictions in which the Society Sustainability Report
operates and all Society employees, fixed term contractors, contingent workers whilst on Society business and
secondees. Our Environmental Policy is aligned to the International Standard for Environmental Management ISO
14001 and the International Standard for Energy Management ISO 50001.
Employees
At the Society of Lloyd’s, our aim is to attract, retain and reward the very best talent. We do this by attracting Read more:
colleagues that bring with them a diversity in capability, experience, perspective and approach; ensuring we treat all Stakeholder
colleagues with fairness and consistency; rewarding the unique contribution employees bring to our business and engagement on
supporting colleagues to be the best they can be. We outline this in our UK Employee Handbook and International pages 72 to 75
Employee Handbook. The handbooks also cover topics such as anti-bullying and harassment; diversity and
inclusion; social media; and drug and alcohol use, which apply to all employees as well as job applicants, consultants,
temporary and third party workers.
The Society recognises its responsibility to provide a safe and healthy working environmental for all its employees,
tenants, contractors and visitors who use its premises and prevent injury and ill health in accordance with the Health
and Safety at Work etc. Act 1974 and its associated regulations. This is why our Occupational Health and Safety
Policy aligns to the International Standard for Health and Safety at work ISO 45001.
Social matters
The Society’s ambition is to build a future that is more sustainable, resilient and inclusive, creating long-term growth Read more: Purpose
that serves not just the market, but the ecosystems and society we're part of. Our approach is aligned to eight on pages 16 to 17
priority UN Sustainability Development Goals (SDGs) and we continue to report against the UN Global Compact. Sustainability Report
We have our Inclusive Futures programme, which is a multi-year, market-wide programme of initiatives to help Black Culture on pages 18
and ethnically diverse individuals participate, progress and prosper from the classroom to the boardroom. to 19
We also have our Lloyd’s of London Foundation, our vehicle for charitable activity for the Society and the market. Sustainability Report
The mission of the Foundation is to deliver long-term meaningful social impact that engages stakeholders and
leverages Lloyd’s unique convening position.
Respect for human rights
The Society fully supports the principles set out in the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the Read more:
International Labour Organisation core labour standards and the Modern Slavery Act 2015. Sustainability Report
The Society has an internal Human Rights Policy which expresses the Society’s commitment to respect and support
human rights, which is approved by our Chief People Officer and the Council of Lloyd’s. The policy applies to all
persons working for the Society or on its behalf in any capacity. The Society annually reviews our Modern Slavery
Act Statement and our Supplier Code of Conduct to reflect the standards expected of our suppliers.
Our Data Protection Policy provides a framework for ensuring the Society and overseas offices meet obligations
under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which is considered the ‘gold standard’ of data protection
and privacy compliance.
Anti-corruption and anti-bribery matters
Our Global Financial Crime Policy ensures that the Society, including all jurisdictions in which it operates, is aware of Read more:
its financial crime risks and has appropriate processes for managing these risks in relation to its staff, and any Stakeholder
persons or entities performing services for or on its behalf. All Society employees carry out mandatory training in engagement on
Gifts & Hospitality, Conflicts of Interest and Financial Crime Essentials – which includes anti-money laundering and pages 72 to 75
anti-bribery. Failure to complete these modules will result in a negative impact to an employee’s remuneration.
The Society also makes sure that the market adheres to the Principles for Doing Business, of which Reporting and
Financial Crime forms one of the 13 principles. This principle ensures managing agents have robust frameworks in
place to assess and address financial crime risks arising from their UK and international businesses. Frameworks
should support compliance with law, regulation and guidance, and allow for well-informed, transparent relationships
with the Society and applicable regulators.
Certain aspects of the Companies Act 2006 requirement have been addressed in the body of the Annual Report and have been
cross-referenced as set out below:
Reporting requirement Reference to further information
Description of business model Read more: The Lloyd’s business model on page 10
Description of principal risks and impacts of business activity Read more:
Principal current risks on pages 20 to 22
Risk Committee report on pages 80 to 82
Non-financial KPIs Read more: Our performance at a glance on page 1
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 109

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Group financial review
This review should be read in conjunction with the financial statements of the Society on pages 124 to 128 and the Strategic Report
on pages 4 to 23. The Strategic Report sets out the strategic priorities for both the Society and the Lloyd’s market as a whole.
Profit before tax
The Society reported a profit before tax of £471m (2023: £358m). A summary of the result is set out below:
2024 2023
Corporation of Lloyd’s Central Corporation of Lloyd’s Central
Lloyd’s Fund Society total Lloyd’s Fund Society total
£m £m £m £m £m £m
Technical account
Earned premiums, net of reinsurance — — — – – –
Other technical income 9 — 9 8 – 8
Claims incurred, net of reinsurance — — — – – –
Net operating income 37 — 37 34 – 34
Balance on the technical account for general
business 46 — 46 42 – 42
Non-technical account
Total investment return 56 215 271 58 251 309
Profit/(loss) on foreign exchange 34 9 43 (5) (113) (118)
Non-technical income 397 212 609 367 192 559
Non-technical operating expenses (413) (85) (498) (365) (69) (434)
Profit before tax 120 351 471 97 261 358
Technical account
The technical account performance reflects insurance operations conducted through Lloyd's Europe and Lloyd's China
platforms. These operations are fully reinsured to Lloyd's syndicates, as a result the net underwriting result (premiums less
claims and related expenses) is nil. The technical account delivered a strong performance with a balance of £46m, up from
£42m in 2023. This improvement was primarily driven by increased ceding commission income from the international platforms,
which grew in line with earned premium in Lloyd's Europe and written premium in Lloyd's China (refer to Premiums section
below).
Non-technical account
The non-technical account performance reflects two key components: investment returns, predominantly generated by the
Central Fund portfolio, combined with revenue from the Society's essential market services and regulatory functions.
Investment returns have contributed £271m to profit before tax in 2024 (2023: £309m), reflecting higher fixed income returns
but lower unrealised market gains compared to the prior year (refer to Investment performance section on page 111). Further, a
strengthening of US dollars against sterling during the year has resulted in a £43m profit (2023: £118m loss) on foreign
exchange, with approximately 70% of the Central Fund investment portfolio held in US dollars.
The growth in Lloyd's market premium volumes through 2024 generated higher non-technical income. The increase was
reflected across all primary revenue streams - market subscriptions, Central Fund contributions and overseas operating
charges - each of which are based on syndicate premium levels.
In November 2024, as part of the Society's strategy to ensure long-term sustainability and operational resilience, Lloyd's
announced plans to outsource certain IT services and operational functions to Accenture from 1 April 2025. This outsourcing
will not impact Lloyd's services to the market, as the Society will retain responsibility for operational resilience, as well as the
oversight and governance of the outsourced services. The initial costs associated with this project have contributed to the
increase in non-technical operating expenses in the period. In 2024 one-off costs of £25.2m have been reported, including a
restructuring provision of £14.8m (refer to page 137), and it is anticipated that a similar level of one-off costs will be incurred in
2025.
Other drivers of the increase in non-technical operating expenses reflect ongoing investment by the Society in strategic change
during 2024, with increased legal and professional costs attributed to strategic projects including Blueprint Two; as well as an
increase in employment costs and the non recurrence of a one-off tax provision release in the prior year.
Lloyd's remains committed to digital-placing solutions and in November 2024, the Society acquired control of PPL Technologies
Group Limited and its direct subsidiary Placing Platform Limited (collectively 'PPL Group'), increasing its shareholding from 36%
to 57% as at 31 December 2024. The capital injection into PPL Group is important as it enables PPL to commit to a multi-year
digital strategy that will bring a step change in capabilities to help facilitate market modernisation post acquisition. Income from
PPL of £6m and a profit of £1m is included in the consolidated profit and loss account for the year ended 31 December 2024.
Refer to note 34 for further information.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 110

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Premiums
The Society reported gross written premium of £3,776m (2023: £3,965m), a decrease of 5%.
2024 2023
£m £m
Gross written premiums 3,776 3,965
Outward reinsurance premiums (3,776) (3,965)
Net written premiums — —
Despite written premium reducing slightly in the current year, the earned premium continues to grow. This growth is attributed
to the cumulative effect of increasing written premiums over the past few years. Increasing business volumes are driving
continued growth in the Lloyd’s Europe portfolio, with limited rate change during the period, consistent with the experience
across the wider Lloyd’s market. The gross loss ratio has increased from 37% to 70% in 2024. Whilst both 2023 (0.0%) and
2024 (1.1%) were benign years for major claims, during 2024 the prior year development was adverse at 20.6% (2023: release
of 9.4%) driven by FX movements and Ukraine deterioration.
Investment performance
The Society’s investments, mostly held within the Central Fund, generated a gross investment return of £271m, reflecting a
return of 4.7% (2023: gain of £309m, 5.3%). The Society’s currency policy, which aims to preserve the solvency strength of the
Central Fund by maintaining exposure to US dollars, resulted in gains from the strengthening of US dollars against sterling over
the year. The gain on foreign exchange of £43m (2023: loss of £118m) increases the investment return to 5.5% (2023: 3.4%).
The Central Fund investment portfolio generated a positive return of 6.4% (2023: 7.4%). The gain on foreign exchange
increases the investment return to 6.8% (2023: 4.2%).
In 2024, global equity markets performed well, particularly in the US, where mega-cap technology stocks drove returns amid
sustained enthusiasm surrounding artificial intelligence advancements. Large-cap equities notably outperformed their small-cap
counterparts, with the latter experiencing weakness toward the close of the year. Emerging markets delivered solid returns,
benefiting from strong performances in India and Taiwan, while Chinese equities showed a year-end recovery despite persistent
trade-related uncertainties.
The fixed-income sector fell short of expected returns, as central banks proceeded cautiously with interest rate reductions. US
Treasury and British gilt yields showed significant volatility, with UK gilts experiencing negative performance amid fiscal policy
concerns. High-yield bonds outperformed their investment-grade counterparts, supported by low default rates and resilient
corporate earnings. Private markets generated positive returns, with private credit strategies delivering better risk-adjusted
returns than private equity investments.
Taxation
A tax charge of £116m (2023: £90m) on profit before tax of £471m (2023: £358m) has been recognised in the profit and loss
account for the year ended 31 December 2024 to report a profit after tax of £355m (2023: £268m). A tax credit of £2m (2023:
£9m) has been recognised in other comprehensive income resulting in a total comprehensive income for the year of £339m
(2023: £233m). Further details are set out in note 14.
Movement in net assets
2024 2023
£m £m
Net assets at 1 January 3,497 3,283
Profit after tax 354 268
Actuarial gain/(loss) on pension schemes 9 (19)
Currency translation differences (27) (25)
Tax credit on other comprehensive income 2 9
Repayment of syndicate loan (110) —
Interest paid on syndicate loans (19) (19)
Net assets attributable to the Society of Lloyd's at 31 December 3,706 3,497
Non-controlling interest profit after tax 1 —
Non-controlling interest on acquisition of net assets of PPL Group 15 —
Net assets at 31 December 3,722 3,497
The net assets of the Central Fund are included within the above amounts and at 31 December 2024 were £3,407m (2023:
£3,269m).
The 2019 tranche of syndicate loans were repaid on the fifth anniversary of commencement, 29 March 2024.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 111

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Group financial review continued
Pension schemes
Lloyd’s pension scheme
The Lloyd’s defined benefit pension scheme valuation at 31 December 2024 was a surplus of £51m (2023: £41m) before
allowance for a deferred tax liability of £13m (2023: £10m).
The movement in the pension scheme during the year is summarised below:
2024 2023
£m £m
Pension surplus as at 1 January 41 57
Pension income recognised in the Group Profit and Loss Account — 3
Remeasurement effects recognised in the Group Statement of Other Comprehensive Income 10 (19)
Pension surplus as at 31 December 51 41
The surplus has increased during the year, primarily due to a decrease in liabilities resulting from a rise in corporate bond yields
(increasing the discount rate) which has been partially offset by negative asset returns over the period. Further details are
provided in note 22, which includes the sensitivity of the valuation to changes in these assumptions.
The recovery plan agreed by the Trustees has a contingent contribution structure in place until the next valuation (scheduled
for 30 June 2025), under which contributions will be made should the estimated funding level fall below 103% as at 30 June in
any given year. No additional contribution was paid in 2024.
Overseas pension schemes
The actuarial valuations of the overseas pension schemes at 31 December 2024 resulted in a deficit of £3m (2023: £3m).
Further details are provided in note 22.
Capital structure
Lloyd’s unique capital structure, referred to as the ‘chain of security’, provides the financial strength that ultimately backs all
insurance policies written at Lloyd’s. The capital structure is actively managed and further detail can be found on page 11 of the
Strategic Report. The Central Fund cover provides additional protection for Lloyd’s Central Fund, the third link in the chain of
security, in situations where the Central Fund makes payments to cover members’ liabilities. The programme renewed on
1 January 2024 and has an initial fixed duration of five years (with a possible extension to hold collateral for up to a further three
years to cover adverse claims development). The Society retains the first $1,000m of claims payable. The total amount of cover
provided by the programme is $812.5m, with layers provided by Constellation (an incorporated cell of White Rock Insurance
(Guernsey) ICC Limited) and a panel of reinsurers. The layer covered by Constellation of $562.5m is 100% collateralised for the
five-year term.
Capital management
The Society actively manages its capital to ensure that it maintains sufficient assets for both operational and solvency
purposes; further details can be found on pages 46 of the Annual Report. Further disclosures regarding financial instruments
are provided in note 16. Further details regarding solvency are below.
Solvency
Total capital for solvency purposes is set out below. The 2024 position is an estimate of the amount, which will be finalised in
April 2025 alongside the 2024 Lloyd’s Solvency and Financial Condition Report. The figures are calculated on a Solvency II
basis. The solvency figures in the table below are unassured:
2024 2023
£m £m
Central assets at 31 December 3,722 3,497
Subordinated debt 298 604
Total 4,020 4,101
Solvency valuation adjustments 2,075 1,930
Available central own funds to meet the Central Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) 6,095 6,031
Excess central own funds not eligible to meet the Central SCR — (1)
Eligible central own funds available to meet the Central SCR 6,095 6,030
Central SCR 1,400 1,200
Central solvency ratio 435 % 503 %
The Central SCR covers the central risks of the Society. This includes the risk that members may have insufficient capital to
meet their losses. The Central SCR may be covered only by central eligible own funds of the Society.
The solvency valuation adjustments above include items such as valuation differences arising and assets being disallowed due
to the valuation principles used in Solvency II. They also include recognition of the callable layer, which may be taken from
member-level capital to strengthen central resources.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 112

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
The eligibility of assets to count towards the solvency coverage is also subject to tiering restrictions. All Tier 1 assets count fully
towards the solvency coverage assessment. However, Tier 2 and Tier 3 assets may only count up to a maximum of 50% of the
SCR. The redemption of subordinated debt in 2024 has meant that Lloyd’s Tier 2 and 3 central capital did not exceed 50% of
the SCR at 31 December 2024 and as such, there is no eligibility adjustment (2023: exceeded by £1m).
Based on central own funds eligible to meet the Central SCR of £6.1bn (2023: £6.0bn), the solvency ratio is 435% (2023:
503%). In setting contribution levels, account is taken of the Central SCR to ensure that Lloyd’s is prudently capitalised. The
central solvency ratio reported above is based on the SCR, which has been calculated using the latest approved version of the
Lloyd’s Internal Model.
The 2020 tranches of syndicate loans are approaching the fifth anniversary of commencement, being 26 June 2025 and
6 November 2025. These syndicate loans currently account for approximately 22pp of the Central solvency ratio.
Cash flows and liquidity
Cash and cash equivalents increased during the year ended 31 December 2024 by £255m to £1,253m (2023: £998m). Cash
balances are maintained at appropriate levels to meet the short-term operating expenses of the Society. Any surplus cash
balances are invested and are included as financial investments within the Group balance sheet.
The Society’s free cash balances are regularly monitored. This metric (wherever used in the Annual Report) is an alternative
performance measure (APM). Free cash represents the amounts, both at bank and on deposit, held in the UK and available to
the Corporation to meet operating expenses, including those of overseas operations, excluding any balances held in respect of
insurance and arbitration activities. Free cash balances at 31 December 2024 were £318m (2023: £328m).
The liquidity of the Central Fund is monitored separately. Cash balances are managed to meet short-term operational
commitments including the payment of drawdowns. Any surplus cash balances are invested in compliance with defined
investment parameters approved by the Investment Committee.
Central Fund investment strategy
The role of the Central Fund, the third link in the Lloyd’s chain of security, is to support central solvency by adding an additional
set of assets to pay a member’s insurance liabilities. These are paid at the discretion of the Council of Lloyd’s in the unlikely
event that members’ premium trust fund (PTF) and Funds at Lloyd’s (FAL) have been exhausted. The investment objective of
the Central Fund is to grow in line with the market by optimising the investment return over the longer term, while maintaining
acceptable levels of investment risk. The Central Fund continues to have sufficient liquidity to pay any obligations that may arise
in the future.
The Central Fund’s strategic asset allocation (SAA) was approved at the end of 2023 and was implemented during 2024 for all
asset classes apart from private assets (which are predominantly in investment pools), which are continuing to build up as deals
are sourced and structured. The private assets will continue to build up over 2025. The SAA is diversified across asset classes
and was designed to best support the liabilities written in the Lloyd’s market while remaining within the agreed risk appetite
limits set by the Council. In line with the SAA, there has been an increased allocation to corporate bonds and in turn a reduction
in government bonds resulting in changes to credit ratings and a movement in fair value hierarchy levels from 1 to 2 as shown in
note 16.
2024 2023
n
Fixed income securities 1,710 1,889
n
Loans 104 99
Central Fund
Central Fund n
asset classes Shares 485 369
asset classes
n
2023
2024 Investment pools 472 301
n
Derivative assets 6 4
n
Deposits 15 365
n
Cash 418 311
Financial risk management and treasury policies
Overview
The Society’s principal financial instruments comprise cash and cash equivalents, investments, borrowings and items that arise
directly from operations. These include assets and liabilities of the Central Fund.
The Society’s treasury operations and investments are managed by reference to established policies that are reviewed regularly
by the Investment Committee.
Overall risk is managed within defined limits specified by the Council. Policies for managing these risks, in particular credit risk,
liquidity risk, interest risk, currency risk and market risk, are summarised below. The following financial risk management
objectives and policies and disclosures within note 5 are audited.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 113

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Group financial review continued
Credit risk
Credit risk represents the risk of financial loss to the Society if a counterparty, or the issuer of a security, fails to meet its
contractual obligations.
Trade and other receivables
The Society has established procedures to minimise the risk of default by trade and other receivables, which are mainly in
respect of the Lloyd’s market, the main source of income. These procedures include minimum checks for new market entrants.
Financial investments
A list of permissible bank counterparties, for the purposes of money-market investment, is maintained and restricted to banks
having strong balance sheets and credit ratings. Investment parameters exist for all investment assets, controlling overall credit
quality and ensuring appropriate risk diversification.
Permitted counterparties to capital market transactions are also carefully controlled. All applicable parameters are reviewed
regularly by the Investment Committee in accordance with the risk appetite set by the Council.
Insurance contract assets
Insurance contract assets are all recoverable from Lloyd’s syndicates. All syndicates benefit from the Lloyd’s chain of security,
therefore credit risk for insurance contract assets is concentrated with the Society of Lloyd’s. The Society monitors the
underwriting profitability of syndicates by responding to the risk appetite of the market, adjusting business planning for future
years.
Liquidity risk
The value and term of short-term assets are carefully monitored against those of the Society’s liabilities. The Society maintains
sufficient liquid assets to meet liabilities as they fall due.
The liquidity of the Central Fund is monitored separately. Cash balances are managed to meet short-term operational
commitments, including the payment of any drawdown. Any surplus cash balances are invested in compliance with defined
investment parameters approved by the Investment Committee, in accordance with the risk appetite set by the Council.
The Society has an undrawn €200m committed borrowing facility as at 31 December 2024 (2023: €200m undrawn). Refer to
note 32 for further information. Details of the amounts owed to credit institutions are included in note 25.
The Society's liquidity remains strong, with a free cash balance at 31 December 2024 of £318m (2023: £328m) and additional
holdings in short-term investments.
The Society has not experienced any liquidity constraints or inability to settle its obligations when due.
Market risk
Market risk represents the risk that movements in financial markets will affect the financial position of the Society. Market risks
arising from the disposition of the Society’s investments are monitored against defined parameters using ‘value at risk’
methodology.
The position is reviewed regularly by the Investment Committee. Investments are actively monitored on a fair value basis and all
investments are designated as fair value through profit or loss, other than statutory insurance deposits and short-term and
security deposits, which are held at amortised cost.
As part of the strategy to mitigate market risks in relation to the equity portfolio of investments, the Society has the ability to
enter into equity futures hedges.
Foreign currency risk
The Society enters into a variety of foreign exchange transactions in response to the foreign currency requirements of the
Society’s Group companies. In managing the exposures arising from such foreign exchange activity, which may involve
transactions for forward settlement, the net risk arising from all such exposures is considered. Consequently, while some net
foreign exchange exposures may accrue to the Society from time to time as a result of this activity, the level of such exposures
is carefully monitored and is not significant in the context of the Society’s activities.
Foreign currency exposures arising from overseas investments are considered together with any foreign currency liabilities of
the Society, as well as the underlying currency mix of the Central Solvency Capital Requirement, of which a high proportion is
US-dollar-based. Net foreign currency exposures arising are managed through the use of forward foreign exchange contracts.
Separately, the Society provides a Currency Conversion Service (CCS) to participating Lloyd’s syndicates, converting insurance
premiums and claims between sterling and other Society settlement currencies as required. Foreign exchange exposures
arising from the provision of the CCS are again managed on a net basis, within defined parameters.
The CCS is operated separately from other foreign exchange activity of the Society because, under the terms of the service,
any profit (or loss) arising from CCS exposures is distributed to (or collected from) syndicates participating in the CCS.
Currency exposures arising from CCS activity consequently do not, ultimately, represent significant risks to the Society.
The Society continues to closely monitor exposure to foreign currency transactions, along with the use of forward foreign
exchange contracts to mitigate a portion of the investment exposure governed by Lloyd’s risk appetite.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 114

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Interest rate risk
Borrowings from the Lloyd’s market for the purpose of funding statutory insurance deposits do not bear a fixed rate of interest.
Instead, investment returns earned on the borrowed assets are passed on to lenders. Consequently, no interest rate risk arises
on such borrowings.
Short-term assets held by the Society may be significant at certain times. These are invested in money market instruments of
up to 12 months’ duration with the objective of maximising current income while meeting liquidity requirements.
Interest rate risk arising from the requirement to make fixed rate coupon payments in respect of the Society’s senior and
subordinated debt, and discretionary fixed rate coupon payments in respect of the Society syndicate loans, is considered in
conjunction with the market risk arising on the Society’s investments.
As part of the strategy to mitigate these risks, the Society has the ability to enter into interest rate swap contracts.
Outlook
Central assets, which exclude subordinated liabilities, are in a strong position heading into 2025. Following its meeting on 19
March 2025, the Council gave no undertakings to corporate members to use the New Central Fund to discharge the liability of
members with unpaid cash calls who do not have the resources to meet those calls. There were also no undertakings from
previous years.
Research and development activities
The Society continues to develop and digitalise its operations involving shared data approaches, standardised processes
supported by advanced technology and common security measures to increase efficiency within the insurance industry and
ensure the market has access to the most effective tools.
Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting (SECR)
For the year ended 31 December 2024 and in compliance with the Companies (Directors’ Report) and Limited Liability
Partnerships (Energy and Carbon Report) Regulations 2018, the Group has reported its energy consumption, energy efficiency
and greenhouse gas emissions on page 107 of the Society Report.
Events after the reporting period
Details of events after the reporting period can be found in note 37 to the Society’s Group financial statements.
Going concern and viability statement
Assessment of prospects
The Lloyd’s business model and strategy are central to an understanding of its prospects and details can be found on pages 10
to 19. The strategy is subject to ongoing monitoring and development.
The prospects of the Lloyd’s market, including the Society, are primarily assessed through the annual strategic review and
planning process. The output of the review is a strategic plan to deliver any recommendations. The review is led by the Chief
Executive Officer through the Executive Committee and all relevant departments are involved. The Council participates fully in
the process and part of its role is to consider whether the strategic plan continues to take appropriate account of the external
environment and meets the needs of the market.
The review determines a set of medium-term targets, key performance indicators for the current year and activities to deliver on
those metrics. The strategic plan for 2025 was approved in December 2024 following completion of the latest review cycle. As
part of the planning process, financial assumptions for 2025 and 2026 were prepared for the Society and presented to the
Council in March 2025.
Assessment of viability
The Council receives quarterly reports from the Risk Committee on the key risks and risk appetites, including the Society’s Own
Risk and Solvency Assessment as well as the results of stress testing resilience to severe yet plausible scenarios. The principal
risks and material uncertainties that would threaten the business model, future performance, liquidity or solvency of the Lloyd’s
market as a whole are set out on pages 20 to 22. In addition, the Group financial statements include notes on investment
strategy, financial risk management, treasury policies and sensitivity analysis.
The Lloyd’s capital structure is set out on page 11 and Lloyd’s is required to maintain solvency on a continuous basis. The
solvency position of each member, and thus of Lloyd’s as a whole, is monitored on a regular basis. Council considers bi-annually
management’s assessment of the current solvency position and the forecast position over a three-year period, including
resilience of central assets to meet the Central SCR.
Viability statement
While the members of the Council have no reason to believe that the Society will not be viable over a longer period, the period
over which the assessment is based is the three-year period to 31 December 2027, being the period considered under the
strategic plan, including the detailed budgets prepared, and the solvency projections of the Society.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 115

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Group financial review continued
The members of the Council believe that the Society is well placed to manage its business risks successfully, having taken into
account the current economic outlook, and confirm that they have a reasonable expectation that the Society will be able to
continue in operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the three-year period ending 31 December 2027.
Going concern
After making enquiries, the members of the Council have a reasonable expectation that the Society has adequate resources to
continue in operational existence for a period of at least 12 months from the date of approval of the Annual Report, and
therefore consider it appropriate to continue to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the Society’s Group financial
statements.
Statement as to disclosure of information to auditors
Having made enquiries, the Council confirms that:
• to the best of each Council member’s knowledge and belief there is no information relevant to the preparation of the Society
Report of which the Society’s auditors are unaware; and
• each Council member has taken all the steps a Council member might reasonably be expected to have taken to be aware of
relevant audit information and to establish that the Society’s auditors are aware of that information.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 116

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Statement of Council's responsibilities
Statement of the Council’s responsibilities in respect of the financial statements
The Council is responsible for preparing the Group financial statements in accordance with byelaws made under the Lloyd’s Act
1982 and UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (UK GAAP), including FRS 102 ‘The Financial Reporting Standard
applicable in the UK and Ireland’, and FRS 103 ‘Insurance Contracts’.
The Council is required to prepare Group financial statements for each financial year that present fairly the financial position of
the Society and the financial performance and cash flows of the Society for that period. In preparing these Group financial
statements, the Council is required to:
• select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
• present information, including accounting policies, in a manner that provides relevant, reliable, comparable and
understandable information;
• provide additional disclosures when compliance with the specific requirements in UK GAAP is insufficient to enable users to
understand the impact of particular transactions, other events or conditions on the Society’s financial position and financial
performance;
• make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and
• state that the Society has complied with UK GAAP, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the Group
financial statements.
The Council is responsible for keeping proper accounting records that disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the
financial position of the Society and enable it to ensure that the Group financial statements comply with UK GAAP. The Council
is also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Society and hence for taking reasonable steps for the prevention and
detection of fraud and other irregularities.
The Council is responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information included on the Society’s
website (www.lloyds.com). Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the preparation and dissemination of financial
statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.
The Council considers that the Annual Report, taken as a whole, is fair, balanced and understandable and provides the
information necessary for stakeholders to assess the Society’s performance, business model and strategy.
We confirm that to the best of our knowledge:
• the Group financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with byelaws made under the Lloyd’s Act 1982 and
UK GAAP, including FRS 102 and FRS 103, give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit of the
Group; and
• the Council Statement and Corporate Governance section include a fair review of the development and performance of the
business and the position of the Group, together with a description of the principal risks and uncertainties that it faces.
On behalf of the Council of Lloyd’s:
Bruce Carnegie-Brown John Neal
Chairman Chief Executive Officer
19 March 2025
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 117

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Independent auditors’ report to the
members of the Society of Lloyd’s
Report on the audit of the financial statements
Opinion
In our opinion, the Society of Lloyd's group financial statements:
• give a true and fair view of the state of the group’s affairs as at 31 December 2024 and of its profit and cash flows for the year
then ended;
• have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (United Kingdom
Accounting Standards, including FRS 102 “The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland”,
and applicable law); and
• have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Council byelaws made under the Lloyd’s Act 1982.
We have audited the financial statements, included within the Society Report of the Lloyd's Annual Report, which comprise: the
Group Balance Sheet as at 31 December 2024; the Group Profit and Loss Account and Statement of Comprehensive Income,
the Group Statement of Changes in Equity and the Group Statement of Cash Flows for the year then ended; and the notes to
the financial statements, which include a description of the significant accounting policies.
Our opinion is consistent with our reporting to the Audit Committee.
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and applicable law. Our
responsibilities under ISAs (UK) are further described in the Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
section of our report. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
our opinion.
Independence
We remained independent of the group in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial
statements in the UK, which includes the FRC’s Ethical Standard, as applicable to listed public interest entities, and we have
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.
To the best of our knowledge and belief, we declare that non-audit services prohibited by the FRC’s Ethical Standard were not
provided.
Other than those disclosed in note 12, we have provided no non-audit services to the Society of Lloyd’s or its group
undertakings in the period under audit.
Our audit approach
Overview
Audit scope
We performed:
– Full scope audit procedures over two components being, the UK (which comprises the Corporation of Lloyd’s, the Central
Fund and Additional Securities Limited) and Belgium (which comprises Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A. (LIC));
– Audit procedures over specified financial statement line item balances for China (Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China)
Limited (LICCL)); and
– Targeted risk assessment procedures in respect of Placing Platform Limited and PPL Technologies Group LTD (altogether
PPL).
All remaining components were considered inconsequential and therefore no further audit procedures nor targeted risk
assessments were performed.
Key audit matters
• Valuation of the incurred but not reported (IBNR) claims component of claims outstanding in LIC.
• Valuation of pipeline premium included within LIC’s Gross Written Premium (GWP).
Materiality
• Overall materiality: £102m (2023: £100m) based on 0.5% of total assets.
• Performance materiality: £76m (2023: £75m).
The scope of our audit
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the financial
statements.
Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in the auditors’ professional judgement, were of most significance in the audit of the
financial statements of the current period and include the most significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or
not due to fraud) identified by the auditors, including those which had the greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy; the
allocation of resources in the audit; and directing the efforts of the engagement team.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 118

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
These matters, and any comments we make on the results of our procedures thereon, were addressed in the context of our
audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
these matters.
This is not a complete list of all risks identified by our audit.
The valuation of the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme liabilities, which was a key audit matter last year, is no longer included because of
the trends we have seen in recent years around the sensitivity of key assumptions and their impact on the gross liability position.
Based on our analysis we are satisfied that the estimation uncertainty is reduced to such a level that the valuation of the Lloyd's
Pension Scheme gross liabilities is no longer a key audit matter. Otherwise, the key audit matters below are consistent with last
year.
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Valuation of the incurred but not reported (IBNR) claims component of claims outstanding in LIC
See notes 3 (j), 4 (b) and 26 of the Our work over the valuation of LIC’s IBNR claims was performed by our component audit
Society Report for disclosures of team and actuarial specialists with input and oversight from the group engagement team.
related accounting policies, Specifically, we have:
judgements and estimates.
• Performed walkthroughs to understand the controls and processes that management
The IBNR claims included within have in place to ensure:
claims outstanding in LIC is a – the completeness and accuracy of the data used by LIC in the reserving process; and
material balance within the – the selection of appropriate methods and assumptions applied by LIC in the reserving
financial statements. Recognised process.
actuarial techniques are used to We assessed whether these controls had been designed and implemented
derive the IBNR claims. The effectively;
valuation of IBNR claims relies on • Tested the accuracy and completeness of the underlying data utilised within the
a large degree of judgement and reserving process;
underpinning reserving • Engaged our actuarial specialists to:
assumptions. Relatively small – Develop an independent point estimate of LIC’s IBNR claims related to non-
changes in the key assumptions catastrophe claims. We compared our estimates to those derived by management,
can lead to significant movements and in all those cases where significant differences were identified, we challenged
in IBNR claims and as such we management and obtained explanations; and
placed significant focus on this – Understand the approach used to establish LIC’s IBNR claims in relation to large
area. losses and catastrophe events. We tested the key methodologies and assumptions
used by management in determining the IBNR claims and challenged them as
appropriate.
• Assessed that LIC’s local risk margin has been booked in line with LIC’s accounting
policy.
The results of our procedures indicated that the methodologies and assumptions used in
the valuation of LIC’s IBNR claims were supported by the evidence we obtained.
Valuation of pipeline premium included within LIC’s Gross Written Premium (GWP)
See note 3 (j) of the Society Report Our work over the valuation of pipeline premiums in LIC was performed by our component
for disclosure of the related audit team with input and oversight from the group engagement team. Our work focused
accounting policy. on understanding the methodology used to derive LIC’s GWP (and the associated pipeline
premiums) and testing the derivation of LIC’s GWP (and the associated pipeline
LIC writes business through
premiums).
several placement types, for
example, open market and Specifically we have:
binders. In light of the outsourced
• Updated our understanding of the processes and controls in place to derive LIC’s GWP
arrangement between LIC and the
(and the associated pipeline premiums) and evaluated the design and implementation of
underlying syndicates/managing
the identified controls;
agents there is generally a level of
• Performed testing over the relevant processes and controls used to derive LIC’s GWP
uncertainty regarding the amount
(and the associated pipeline premiums); and
of premium income that should be
• Evaluated the methodology and tested the key assumptions used in relation to
recognised in any given year
management’s calculation of LIC’s GWP (and the associated pipeline premium). This
(estimated premium or "pipeline
involved testing management’s derivation of ultimate premiums through the use of our
premiums"). The valuation of
own independent actuarial analysis and mathematically recalculating LIC’s GWP (and
pipeline premiums relies on a
the associated pipeline premiums) at year end.
number of underpinning
assumptions and judgements and The results of our procedures indicated that the methods and assumptions used in the
as such we placed significant valuation of LIC’s pipeline premiums, included within LIC’s reported GWP, were supported
focus on this area. by the evidence we obtained.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 119

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Independent auditors’ report to the members of the Society
of Lloyd’s continued
(As at 31 December 2024)
How we tailored the audit scope
We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an opinion on the financial
statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the group, the accounting processes and controls, and the industry
in which it operates.
Based on the output of our risk assessment, along with our understanding of the Society of Lloyd’s Group structure, we
performed full scope audits over the UK and Belgium components. For China we performed audit procedures over specified
financial statement line item balances and we conducted targeted risk assessment procedures in respect of Placing Platform
Limited and PPL Technologies Group LTD (altogether PPL). All remaining components were considered inconsequential and
therefore no further audit procedures nor targeted risk assessments were performed.
As the group engagement team, we determined the level of involvement required at those components to enable us to conclude
whether sufficient and appropriate audit evidence had been obtained for the basis for our opinion on the group financial
statements as a whole. In our role as group auditors, we exercised oversight of the work performed by component audit teams
including performing the following procedures:
• Issuing group audit instructions outlining areas requiring additional audit focus such as the key audit matters included above;
• Maintaining active dialogue with reporting component audit teams throughout the year;
• Reviewing reporting and supporting evidence requested from component teams, including those areas determined to be of
heightened audit risk;
• Reviewing the detailed working papers of component teams, where relevant; and
• Performing site visits of the Belgium and China components.
The impact of climate risk on our audit
As part of our audit we made enquiries of management to understand the extent of the potential impact of climate risk on the
group’s financial statements, and we remained alert when performing our audit procedures for any indicators of the impact of
climate risk. Our procedures did not identify any material impact as a result of climate risk on the group’s financial statements.
Materiality
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. We set certain quantitative thresholds for materiality.
These, together with qualitative considerations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit and the nature, timing and extent
of our audit procedures on the individual financial statement line items and disclosures and in evaluating the effect of
misstatements, both individually and in aggregate on the financial statements as a whole.
Based on our professional judgement, we determined materiality for the financial statements as a whole as follows:
Overall group £102m (2023: £100m).
materiality
How we 0.5% of total assets
determined it
Rationale for We identified the key financial statement users as rating agencies, syndicate members, policyholders and
benchmark applied regulators, who will be primarily focused on the overall asset position of the Society of Lloyd’s, as those
assets provide financial security for the market. Therefore, we have assessed that it is appropriate to use an
asset-based benchmark for the materiality determination for the 31 December 2024 year end audit.
For each component in the scope of our group audit, we allocated a materiality that is less than our overall group materiality.
The materiality allocated to each component was £70m.
We use performance materiality to reduce to an appropriately low level the probability that the aggregate of uncorrected and
undetected misstatements exceeds overall materiality. Specifically, we use performance materiality in determining the scope of
our audit and the nature and extent of our testing of account balances, classes of transactions and disclosures, for example in
determining sample sizes. Our performance materiality was 75% (2023: 75%) of overall materiality, amounting to £76m
(2023: £75m) for the group financial statements.
In determining the performance materiality, we considered a number of factors - the history of misstatements, risk assessment
and aggregation risk and the effectiveness of controls - and concluded that an amount in the middle of our normal range was
appropriate.
We agreed with the Audit Committee that we would report to them misstatements identified during our audit above £5m
(2023: £5m) as well as misstatements below that amount that, in our view, warranted reporting for qualitative reasons.
Conclusions relating to going concern
Our evaluation of the Council’s assessment of the group's ability to continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting
included:
• Evaluating management’s going concern assessment;
• Performing sensitivity analysis on management’s going concern assessment and assessing the impact on the Society of
Lloyd’s capital, solvency and liquidity positions; and
• Assessing the disclosures made in the Society Report in respect of going concern.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 120

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that,
individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the group's ability to continue as a going concern for a period of at least
twelve months from when the financial statements are authorised for issue.
In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the Council’s use of the going concern basis of accounting in the
preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.
However, because not all future events or conditions can be predicted, this conclusion is not a guarantee as to the group's
ability to continue as a going concern.
In relation to the Council’s reporting on how they have applied the UK Corporate Governance Code, we have nothing material to
add or draw attention to in relation to the Council’s’ statement in the financial statements about whether the Council considered
it appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of accounting.
Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the Council with respect to going concern are described in the relevant sections
of this report.
Reporting on other information
The other information comprises all of the information in the Annual Report other than the financial statements and our auditors’
report thereon. The Council is responsible for the other information. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the
other information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion or, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in this
report, any form of assurance thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so,
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the
audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify an apparent material inconsistency or material
misstatement, we are required to perform procedures to conclude whether there is a material misstatement of the financial
statements or a material misstatement of the other information. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that
there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report based
on these responsibilities.
Council members’ remuneration
The Society of Lloyd’s voluntarily prepares a Remuneration Committee report in accordance with the provisions of the
Companies Act 2006. The Council requested that we audit the part of the Remuneration Committee report specified by the
Companies Act 2006 to be audited as if the Society of Lloyd’s were a quoted company.
In our opinion, the part of the Remuneration Committee report to be audited has been properly prepared in accordance with the
Companies Act 2006.
Corporate governance statement
ISAs (UK) require us to review the Council’s statements in relation to going concern, longer-term viability and that part of the
corporate governance statement relating to the Society of Lloyd’s compliance with the provisions of the UK Corporate
Governance Code, which the Listing Rules of the Financial Conduct Authority specify for review by auditors of premium listed
companies. Our additional responsibilities with respect to the corporate governance statement as other information are
described in the Reporting on other information section of this report.
Based on the work undertaken as part of our audit, we have concluded that each of the following elements of the corporate
governance statement, included through cross-reference within The Code section of the Society Report, is materially consistent
with the financial statements and our knowledge obtained during the audit, and we have nothing material to add or draw
attention to in relation to:
• The Council’s confirmation that they have carried out a robust assessment of the emerging and principal risks;
• The disclosures in the Society Report that describe those principal risks, what procedures are in place to identify emerging
risks and an explanation of how these are being managed or mitigated;
• The Council’s statement in the financial statements about whether they considered it appropriate to adopt the going concern
basis of accounting in preparing them, and their identification of any material uncertainties to the group’s ability to continue to
do so over a period of at least twelve months from the date of approval of the financial statements;
• The Council’s explanation as to their assessment of the group's prospects, the period this assessment covers and why the
period is appropriate; and
• The Council’s statement as to whether they have a reasonable expectation that the Society of Lloyd's will be able to continue
in operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the period of its assessment, including any related disclosures drawing
attention to any necessary qualifications or assumptions.
Our review of the Council’s statement regarding the longer-term viability of the group was substantially less in scope than an
audit and only consisted of making inquiries and considering the Council’s process supporting their statement; checking that the
statement is in alignment with the relevant provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code; and considering whether the
statement is consistent with the financial statements and our knowledge and understanding of the group and its environment
obtained in the course of the audit.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 121

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Independent auditors’ report to the members of the Society
of Lloyd’s continued
(As at 31 December 2024)
In addition, based on the work undertaken as part of our audit, we have concluded that each of the following elements of the
corporate governance statement is materially consistent with the financial statements and our knowledge obtained during the
audit:
• The Council’s statement that they consider the Society Report, taken as a whole, is fair, balanced and understandable, and
provides the information necessary for the members to assess the group’s position, performance, business model and
strategy;
• The section of the Society Report that describes the review of effectiveness of risk management and internal control
systems; and
• The section of the Society Report describing the work of the Audit Committee.
We have nothing to report in respect of our responsibility to report when the Council’s statement relating to the Society of
Lloyd’s compliance with the Code does not properly disclose a departure from a relevant provision of the Code specified under
the Listing Rules for review by the auditors.
Responsibilities for the financial statements and the audit
Responsibilities of the Council for the financial statements
As explained more fully in the Statement of the Council’s Responsibilities for the Financial Statements, the Council is
responsible for the preparation of the financial statements in accordance with the applicable framework and for being satisfied
that they give a true and fair view. The Council is also responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to
enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, the Council is responsible for assessing the group’s ability to continue as a going concern,
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Council
either intends to liquidate the group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is
a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a
material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or
in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
financial statements.
Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design procedures in line with our
responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material misstatements in respect of irregularities, including fraud. The extent to which
our procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud, is detailed below.
Based on our understanding of the group and industry, we identified that the principal risks of non-compliance with laws and
regulations related to breaches of regulatory principles, such as those governed by the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA)
and the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), and we considered the extent to which non-compliance might have a material effect
on the financial statements. We also considered those laws and regulations that have a direct impact on the financial
statements such as the Lloyd’s Act 1982. We evaluated management’s incentives and opportunities for fraudulent manipulation
of the financial statements (including the risk of override of controls), and determined that the principal risks were related to
posting inappropriate journal entries to manipulate the group’s results and management bias applied in establishing material
accounting estimates. The group engagement team shared this risk assessment with the component auditors so that they could
include appropriate audit procedures in response to such risks in their work. Audit procedures performed by the group
engagement team and/or component auditors included:
• Discussions with the Council, the Audit Committee, the legal function, the risk and compliance functions and internal audit,
including consideration of known or suspected instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations, and fraud;
• Assessment of matters reported on the group’s whistleblowing helpline and management’s investigation of such matters;
• Reviewing relevant meeting minutes and correspondence with regulatory authorities;
• Testing and challenging, where appropriate, the assumptions and judgements made by management in their significant
accounting estimates;
• Identifying and testing journal entries based on risk criteria; and
• Designing audit procedures to incorporate unpredictability around the nature, timing or extent of our testing.
There are inherent limitations in the audit procedures described above. We are less likely to become aware of instances of non-
compliance with laws and regulations that are not closely related to events and transactions reflected in the financial
statements. Also, the risk of not detecting a material misstatement due to fraud is higher than the risk of not detecting one
resulting from error, as fraud may involve deliberate concealment by, for example, forgery or intentional misrepresentations, or
through collusion.
Our audit testing might include testing complete populations of certain transactions and balances, possibly using data auditing
techniques. However, it typically involves selecting a limited number of items for testing, rather than testing complete
populations. We will often seek to target particular items for testing based on their size or risk characteristics. In other cases, we
will use audit sampling to enable us to draw a conclusion about the population from which the sample is selected.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 122

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the FRC’s website at:
www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our auditors’ report.
Use of this report
This report, including the opinions, has been prepared for and only for the Society of Lloyd’s members as a body in accordance
with the Lloyd’s Act 1982 and for no other purpose. We do not, in giving these opinions, accept or assume responsibility for any
other purpose or to any other person to whom this report is shown or into whose hands it may come save where expressly
agreed by our prior consent in writing.
Other required reporting
We have agreed to report to you if, in our opinion:
• we have not obtained all the information and explanations we require for our audit; or
• proper accounting records have not been maintained by the Society of Lloyd’s; or
• certain disclosures of Council’s remuneration specified by law are not made.
We have no exceptions to report arising from this responsibility.
Appointment
Following the recommendation of the Audit Committee, we were appointed by the members on 1 July 2013 to audit the financial
statements for the year ended 31 December 2013 and subsequent financial periods. The period of total uninterrupted
engagement is twelve years, covering the years ended 31 December 2013 to 31 December 2024.
Paul Pannell (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditors
London
19 March 2025
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 123

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Group Profit and Loss Account and Statement of
Comprehensive Income
(For the year ended 31 December 2024)
Profit and loss account 2024 2023
Note £m £m £m £m
Technical account
Gross written premiums 7 3,776 3,965
Outward reinsurance premiums (3,776) (3,965)
Change in the gross provision for unearned premiums (158) (394)
Change in the provision for unearned premiums, reinsurers’ share 158 394
Earned premiums, net of reinsurance – –
Other technical income 9 8
Gross claims paid (2,014) (1,382)
Claims paid, reinsurers’ share 2,014 1,382
Change in provision for gross claims (534) 68
Change in provision for claims, reinsurers’ share 534 (68)
Claims incurred, net of reinsurance – –
Net operating income 8 37 34
Balance on the technical account for general business 46 42
Non-technical account
Balance on the technical account for general business 46 42
Investment income 9 191 126
Unrealised gain on investments 9 81 186
Investment expenses and charges 9 (1) (3)
Total investment return 271 309
Gain/(loss) on foreign exchange 43 (118)
Non-technical income 10 609 559
Non-technical operating expenses 11 (498) (434)
Profit before tax 471 358
Tax charge on profit 14 (116) (90)
Profit after tax 355 268
Statement of comprehensive income
Profit after tax 355 268
Other comprehensive income/(expense):
Exchange difference on translating foreign operations (27) (25)
Remeasurement gain/(loss) on pension assets and liabilities 22 10 (19)
Share of remeasurement loss on associates and joint venture pension 17 (1) –
liabilities
Tax credit on components of other comprehensive income 14(a) 2 9
Other comprehensive expense for the year, net of tax (16) (35)
Total comprehensive income for the financial year 339 233
Attributable to:
Society of Lloyd's 338 233
Non-controlling interests 1 —
Total comprehensive income for the financial year 339 233
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 124

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Group Balance Sheet
(As at 31 December 2024)
2024 2023
Note £m £m £m £m
Intangible assets
Software 15 63 38
Goodwill 15 (3) —
60 38
Investments
Financial investments 16 4,317 4,826
Investment in associates and joint ventures 17 41 46
4,358 4,872
Reinsurers’ share of technical provisions
Provision for unearned premiums 26 2,341 2,288
Claims outstanding 26 7,287 7,087
9,628 9,375
Debtors
Debtors arising out of direct insurance operations 2,791 2,619
Debtors arising out of reinsurance operations 1,587 1,559
Other debtors 21(a) 24 22
4,402 4,200
Other assets
Tangible assets 18 33 28
Cash at bank and in hand 19 1,253 998
Other assets 21(b) 3 5
1,289 1,031
Prepayments and accrued income
Accrued interest and rent 36 28
Deferred acquisition costs 20 461 439
Other prepayments and accrued income 21(c) 136 139
633 606
Pension scheme assets 22 51 41
Total assets 20,421 20,163
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 125

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Group Balance Sheet continued
(As at 31 December 2024)
2024 2023
Note £m £m £m £m
Capital and reserves
Revaluation reserve 23(c) 15 15
Translation reserve 23(b) (27) —
Syndicate loans 24 404 514
Profit and loss account 23(a) 3,314 2,968
Non-controlling interest 16 —
3,722 3,497
Subordinated debt 25(a) 298 604
Technical provisions
Provision for unearned premiums 26 2,341 2,288
Claims outstanding 26 7,287 7,087
9,628 9,375
Provisions for other risks
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations 22 3 3
Tax provisions 22 12
Other provisions 27 49 41
74 56
Deposits received from reinsurers 1,006 1,187
Creditors
Creditors arising out of direct insurance operations 28 707 663
Creditors arising out of reinsurance operations 28 3,836 3,667
Other creditors including taxation and social security 28 201 197
Amounts owed to credit institutions 25(b) 303 303
5,047 4,830
Accruals and deferred income 29 646 614
Total capital, reserves and liabilities 20,421 20,163
The financial statements on pages 124 to 163 were approved by the Council on 19 March 2025 and signed on its behalf by:
Bruce Carnegie-Brown John Neal
Chairman Chief Executive Officer
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 126

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Group Statement of Changes in Equity
(For the year ended 31 December 2024)
Total equity
attributable to
Profit and loss Translation Revaluation Syndicate the Society of Non-controlling
account reserve reserve loans Lloyd's interest Total equity
Note £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
At 1 January 2024 2,968 — 15 514 3,497 — 3,497
Profit for the year 354 — — — 354 1 355
Other comprehensive expense 11 (27) — — (16) — (16)
for the year, net of tax
Acquisition of non-controlling 34 — — — — — 15 15
interest
Repayment of syndicate loan 24 — — — (110) (110) — (110)
Interest paid on syndicate loans 24 (19) — — — (19) — (19)
At 31 December 2024 3,314 (27) 15 404 3,706 16 3,722
Total equity
Profit and loss Translation Revaluation Syndicate attributable to the Non-controlling
account reserve reserve loans Society of Lloyd's interest Total equity
Note £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
At 1 January 2023 2,729 25 15 514 3,283 — 3,283
Profit for the year 268 — — — 268 — 268
Other comprehensive expense (10) (25) — — (35) — (35)
for the year, net of tax
Interest paid on syndicate loans 24 (19) — — — (19) — (19)
At 31 December 2023 2,968 — 15 514 3,497 — 3,497
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 127

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Group Statement of Cash Flows
(For the year ended 31 December 2024)
2024 2023
Note £m £m
Net cash from operating activities 30 628 101
Tax paid (97) (57)
Net cash inflows from operating activities 531 44
Cash flow from investing activities
Purchase of intangible assets 15 (1) (1)
Purchase of tangible assets 18 (7) (7)
Purchase of equity and debt instruments (2,903) (3,073)
Sale of equity and debt instruments 2,875 2,706
Purchase of short-term deposits (2,212) (310)
Sale of short-term deposits 2,630 459
Net (purchase)/sale of derivatives (5) 15
Loan to joint venture — (8)
Purchase of subsidiary (net cash acquired) 4 —
Investment income received (61) 4
Other 1 1
Net cash inflows/(outflows) from investing activities 321 (214)
Cash flow from financing activities
Interest paid on senior debt (8) (8)
Interest paid on subordinated notes (29) (29)
Redemption of subordinated notes (306) —
Repayment of syndicate loan 24 (110) —
Interest paid on syndicate loans 24 (19) (19)
(Decrease)/increase in borrowings for statutory insurance deposits (111) 82
Net cash (outflows)/inflows from financing activities (583) 26
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 269 (144)
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 998 1,167
Foreign exchange differences on cash and cash equivalents (14) (25)
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December 1,253 998
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 128

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Financial Statements
(For the year ended 31 December 2024)
1. General information
In 1871, by the Lloyd’s Act 1871, the then existing association of underwriters was incorporated in the United Kingdom as the
Society and Corporation of Lloyd’s (the ‘Society’). Its activities are accordingly governed by statute and, since 1982, have been
managed by the Council of Lloyd’s (the ‘Council’) pursuant to the Lloyd’s Act 1982. The Society’s principal place of business is
One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA.
The Society’s main corporate purposes are to facilitate the conduct of insurance business by members of Lloyd’s, to advance
and protect their interests in this context and to manage the Society’s insurance undertakings. The Society’s revenue consists
of members’ subscriptions, various market charges and Central Fund contributions. The Society’s wholly owned subsidiaries,
Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A. (‘Lloyd’s Europe’) and Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited (‘Lloyd’s China’) are the
principal insurance businesses of the Society. The principal activity of Lloyd’s Europe and Lloyd’s China is to provide
reinsurance of non-life business and direct non-life insurance in the European and Chinese insurance markets, respectively.
Lloyd’s syndicates participate in Lloyd’s Europe and Lloyd’s China business by means of 100% retrocession agreements.
The Society is authorised under the Financial Services & Markets Act 2000 and regulated by the Prudential Regulation
Authority and the Financial Conduct Authority. Lloyd’s Europe and Lloyd’s China are also regulated by their respective country
regulators. Managing agents are authorised by the PRA and are regulated by the PRA and FCA. Additionally, all managing
agents are approved by the Society and are subject to the Society’s market oversight regime.
2. Statement of compliance
The Group financial statements have been prepared in compliance with UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (‘UK
GAAP’), including FRS 102 ‘The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and Ireland’, and FRS 103 ‘Insurance
Contracts’.
3. Summary of significant accounting policies
This section describes the Group’s significant accounting policies that relate to the Group financial statements and notes as a
whole. These policies have been consistently applied to all years presented unless otherwise stated.
(a) Basis of preparation
The Group financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for certain assets and liabilities at fair
value, as required or permitted under FRS 102 and FRS 103.
(b) Going concern
The Group financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. For further details of the Council’s assessment
of the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, refer to the going concern and viability statement on page 115.
(c) Basis of consolidation
The Group financial statements comprise the consolidated financial statements of the Society and all its subsidiary
undertakings, the Lloyd’s Central Fund and the Group’s interest in associates and joint ventures as at each reporting date.
A subsidiary is an entity controlled by the Group. Control is the power to govern the financial and operating policies of an entity
so as to obtain benefits from its activities. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date of their acquisition, being the date on
which the Society obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases. Where control of a
subsidiary is achieved in stages, the initial acquisition that gave the Group control is accounted for as a business combination.
Thereafter where the Group increases its controlling interest in the subsidiary the transaction is treated as a transaction
between equity holders. Any difference between the fair value of the consideration paid and the carrying amount of the non-
controlling interest acquired is recognised directly in equity.
All intra-Group balances and transactions are eliminated in full.
Where a subsidiary has different accounting policies to the Group, adjustments are made to those subsidiary financial
statements to apply the Group’s accounting policies, if material, when preparing the consolidated financial statements.
Goodwill
Where the cost of the business combination exceeds the fair value of the Group’s interest in the assets, liabilities and
contingent liabilities acquired, negative goodwill arises. The Group, after consideration of the assets, liabilities and contingent
liabilities acquired and the cost of the combination, recognises negative goodwill on the balance sheet and releases this to profit
and loss, up to the fair value of non-monetary assets acquired, over the periods in which the non-monetary assets are recovered
and any excess over the fair value of non-monetary assets in the income statement over the period expected to benefit.
Goodwill is amortised over its expected useful life which is estimated to be ten years. Goodwill is assessed for impairment when
there are indicators of impairment and any impairment is charged to the income statement. No reversals of impairment are
recognised.
(d) Functional and presentation currency
The Group financial statements are presented in pounds sterling (£), which is the Society’s functional and presentational
currency, and rounded to millions (£m). Items included in the financial statements of each of the Society’s entities are measured
using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the functional currency).
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 129

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
Transactions and balances
Foreign currency transactions are recorded at the exchange rate prevailing on the date of the transaction, or an average rate
for the period in which the transaction was recorded when this is a reasonable approximation.
At each period end, foreign currency monetary items are translated using the closing rate. For this purpose all assets and
liabilities arising from insurance contracts (including unearned premiums, deferred acquisition costs and unexpired risks
provisions) are monetary items. Non-monetary items measured at historical cost are translated using the exchange rate at the
date of the transaction, and non-monetary items measured at fair value are measured using the exchange rate when fair value
was determined.
Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of transactions and from the translation at period-end rates of
monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the non-technical account in the profit and
loss account.
Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of transactions and from the translation at period-end
exchange rates of non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in other comprehensive
income for those items where the gain is required to be recognised within other comprehensive income, and in the non-
technical account where the gain is required to be recognised within profit or loss.
Translation of overseas operations
On consolidation, the results and financial position of overseas subsidiaries and branches are translated into pounds sterling
from their functional currencies as follows:
• assets and liabilities are translated at the closing rate at the reporting date; and
• income and expenses are translated at the average exchange rate for the year.
Any resulting exchange differences are recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income.
(e) Tangible assets
Tangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment in value. Depreciation is charged on a
straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. At the reporting date, the principal rates of depreciation were as
follows:
• furniture and fittings over 7 to 25 years
• computer and specialised equipment over 3 to 15 years
• leasehold improvements over the remaining life of the lease
Lloyd’s Collection
The Lloyd’s Collection represents various paintings, antiques and artefacts which are included at fair value and are valued every
three years, unless there is any indication of impairment. Any revaluation surplus or deficit is recognised in the Group statement
of comprehensive income and is reflected in the revaluation reserve within the Group statement of changes in equity.
(f) Leased assets
Leases that do not transfer all the risks and rewards of ownership are classified as operating leases. Payments under operating
leases are charged to the profit and loss account on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease. The aggregate benefits of
lease incentives are recognised as a reduction to the expense recognised over the lease term on a straight-line basis.
Subleases
The Group has short-term arrangements to lease space within the Lime Street building to third parties. These arrangements are
treated as operating leases and income is credited to the profit and loss account on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
(g) Intangible assets
Intangible assets recognised by the Society consist of software development assets.
Software development is held at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. Capitalised software
is amortised on a straight-line basis over its expected useful life. Computer software typically has an expected useful life of up
to seven years, although a longer lifetime may be determined for certain business systems. Amortisation is reported under non-
technical operating expenses in the profit and loss account.
Costs incurred in acquiring and developing computer software may be capitalised as intangible assets where the software
supports a significant business system and the expenditure leads to the creation of an identifiable asset of value.
The Society performs bi-annual impairment testing to assess whether there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. If
any such indication exists, an impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying value exceeds its
recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value in use.
(h) Investments in associates and joint ventures
An associate is an entity in which the Society has significant influence, and which is not a subsidiary undertaking or joint venture.
A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 130

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
assets of the arrangement. The Society’s investments in associates and joint ventures are accounted for under the equity
method of accounting.
Under the equity method, the investments in associates and joint ventures are carried in the Group balance sheet at cost plus
post-acquisition changes in the Society’s share of net assets of the associates and joint ventures. Goodwill relating to an
associate is included in the carrying amount of the investment and is amortised on a straight-line basis over its expected useful
life.
After application of the equity method, the Society determines whether it is necessary to recognise any additional impairment
loss with respect to the Society’s net investment in an associate or joint venture. The Group profit and loss account reflects its
share of the results of operations of associates and joint ventures. The Society’s share of associates’ other comprehensive
income is recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income.
(i) Prepayments
Prepayments are recognised at historic cost when the right to receive services or goods has been established. Where services
or goods are to be received over a period exceeding a year, then prepayments are expensed in the profit and loss account on a
straight-line basis over the period of the contract. Where amounts are considered to be not recoverable, the prepaid assets are
written down to the recoverable amounts.
(j) Insurance and reinsurance contracts
The Society’s wholly owned subsidiaries Lloyd’s Europe and Lloyd’s China are the principal insurance businesses of the Society,
wherein they provide reinsurance of non-life business and direct non-life insurance in the European and Chinese insurance
markets, respectively. Lloyd’s syndicates participate in Lloyd’s Europe and Lloyd’s China business by means of retrocession
agreements.
In accordance with FRS 103 ‘Insurance Contracts’, the Society applies established accounting practices for insurance and
reinsurance contracts. The results are determined on an annual basis whereby the incurred cost of claims, commission and
related expenses are charged against the earned proportion of premiums, net of reinsurance, as stated in the below
paragraphs.
Classification
Insurance and reinsurance contracts are defined as those containing significant insurance risk which arises if, and only if, an
insured event could cause an insurer to pay significant additional benefits in any scenario, excluding scenarios that lack
commercial substance, at the inception of the contract. Such contracts remain insurance contracts until all rights and
obligations are extinguished or expired.
Measurement and presentation
The Society’s policy for measuring balances for insurance contracts issued by overseas subsidiaries is to apply the valuation
technique used in the issuing entity’s local statutory or regulatory reporting. Therefore, for insurance contracts issued by Lloyd’s
China, balances are calculated in accordance with China Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (‘China GAAP’).
For insurance contracts issued by or transferred to Lloyd’s Europe, balances are calculated in accordance with Belgium
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (‘Belgium GAAP’).
The principal differences between UK GAAP and China and Belgium GAAP that remain unadjusted are as follows:
Lloyd’s China calculates its reserves on a discounted basis and includes a local statutory risk margin, by class of business, as
required under China GAAP. The discounting of reserves results in lower technical provisions by £10m (2023: £12m). The
inclusion of a local statutory risk margin results in an increase in reserves. The reserves are 100% reinsured to syndicates with a
net nil impact on profit before tax and on capital and reserves.
Management considers the local statutory risk margin to be appropriate and not excessively prudent, and as permitted by FRS
103, it is included in technical provisions. In addition, management does not consider the amount of discounting of reserves to
be material and has not adjusted the Group profit and loss account or the balance sheet.
Lloyd’s Europe calculates its reserves on an undiscounted best estimate basis and includes a local risk margin. The reserves are
100% reinsured to syndicates with a net nil impact on profit before tax and on capital and reserves. Management considers the
local risk margin to be appropriate and not excessively prudent, and as permitted by FRS 103 it is included in technical
provisions.
Certain other principal differences that have been adjusted or presented in the Group profit and loss account and balance sheet
are for recognition of deferred acquisition costs for Lloyd’s Europe and the gross presentation of unearned premium reserve
liability for Lloyd’s China, in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy. These adjustments or presentation differences have
a net nil impact on the Group’s profit before tax and capital and reserves, as they are 100% reinsured.
Premiums written
Gross written premiums are recognised on the date of inception of the contract as the total estimated premiums receivable.
Gross written premiums include the impact of the difference between the estimated premium recognised in previous periods
and actual income received. Premiums written are stated before deduction of commissions but net of taxes, duties levied on
premiums and other similar deductions.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 131

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
Earned premiums and provision for unearned premiums
Written premiums are recognised as premium income on a pro-rata basis over the period of cover.
Provision for unearned premiums represents the proportion of premiums written in the year that relate to unexpired terms of
policies in force at the balance sheet date. Premiums earned during the year are disclosed in note 26.
Acquisition costs
Acquisition costs which represent commission and other related expenses are deferred over the period in which the related
premiums are earned.
Claims incurred
Claims incurred in insurance-related activities consist of claims and claims handling expenses paid during the year together with
the change in provision for outstanding claims, including provisions for claims incurred but not reported and related expenses,
together with any other adjustments to claims from previous years.
Claims provisions and related reinsurance recoveries
Provision is made at the year end for the estimated cost of claims incurred but not settled at the balance sheet date, including
the cost of claims incurred but not reported to the Society. The estimated cost of claims includes expenses to be incurred in
settling claims. However, given the uncertainty in establishing claims provisions, subsequent information and events may result
in the ultimate liability being less than, or greater than, the amount provided. Any differences between the provision and
subsequent settlements are reflected within the Group financial statements of later years when differences between provision
and subsequent settlement become apparent.
Outstanding claims reserves include a risk margin in accordance with local regulatory reporting requirements for Lloyd’s Europe
and Lloyd’s China. Lloyd’s China outstanding claims provisions are discounted under local regulatory requirements for the time
value of money, but the difference between discounted and undiscounted claims provisions is not material.
A provision is recognised for any deficiencies arising when unearned premiums, net of associated acquisition costs, are
insufficient to meet claims and expenses after taking into account future investment return on investments supporting the
unearned premiums provision and unexpired risks provision.
Reinsurance contracts
Lloyd’s Europe and Lloyd’s China enter into reinsurance agreements with syndicates to reinsure 100% of the insurance
premiums written.
Reinsurance premiums and reinsurers’ share of unearned premiums
Outward reinsurance premiums are recognised over the period of cover of the reinsured contracts, in line with premium income
recognised. Reinsurers’ share of provision for unearned premiums is calculated before deducting acquisition costs such as
commissions, handling fees, business taxes, surcharges and regulatory charges, which are presented separately as deferred
acquisition costs.
The amounts the Society is entitled to under reinsurance contracts are recognised as reinsurers’ share of technical provisions.
Amounts recoverable from or due to reinsurers are measured consistently with the amounts associated with the reinsured
contracts. Debtors and creditors arising out of reinsurance operations primarily comprise amounts recoverable from reinsurers
or premiums payable for outward reinsurance contracts, respectively.
An impairment review is performed on all reinsurance assets when an indication of impairment occurs. Reinsurance assets are
impaired only if there is objective evidence that the Society may not receive all amounts due to it under the terms of the
contract and this can be measured reliably.
Claims recoverable under the Society’s reinsurance agreements are recognised and measured in line with insurance claims
relating to the policies they reinsure.
Reinsurance commission income is receivable from syndicates as a percentage of premiums earned by Lloyd’s Europe and on
premiums written by Lloyd’s China, net of recoveries and included in net operating income/(expense) in the technical account in
the Group profit and loss account.
(k) Financial investments
The Group has chosen to apply the recognition and measurement provisions of IFRS 9 and IAS 39 (as amended following the
publication of IFRS 9) and the disclosure requirements of FRS 102.
Recognition and measurement
Basic financial assets are initially recognised at fair value plus transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of
the financial investment. In the case of a financial investment valued at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs are
expensed in the Group profit and loss account.
Classification
Financial investments are classified, at initial recognition, in the following measurement categories:
• fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL); or
• amortised cost.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 132

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
The classification depends on the Society’s business model for managing the financial investments and the contractual terms of
the cash flows. The Society measures financial investments at amortised cost if both of the following conditions are met:
• the financial investment is held within a business model with the objective to hold financial investments in order to collect
contractual cash flows; and
• the contractual terms of the financial investment give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
The Society’s financial investments at amortised cost include short-term and security deposits, statutory insurance deposits,
loans recoverable and trade receivables.
Financial investments at FVTPL include financial investments held for trading or financial investments mandatorily required to be
measured at fair value.
Financial investments are classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling or repurchasing in the near
term. Derivatives are also classified as held for trading. Financial investments with cash flows that are not solely payments of
principal and interest are classified and measured at FVTPL, irrespective of the business model.
This category includes government fixed interest securities, corporate securities, emerging and developed market investments,
equities, hedge funds, multi-asset investments, private assets and loan investments.
Subsequent measurement
The subsequent measurement of financial instruments depends on their classification as follows:
• financial instruments at FVTPL are carried in the Group balance sheet at fair value. Gains and losses arising from changes in
their fair value are included in the Group profit and loss account in the period in which they arise; and
• where financial instruments are carried at amortised cost, the value is computed using the effective interest rate method less
any allowance for impairment and principal repayment or reduction. The calculation takes into account any premium or
discount on acquisition and includes transaction costs and fees that are an integral part of the effective interest rate.
Derecognition
A financial investment is derecognised when:
• the rights to receive cash flows from the investment have expired; or
• the Society has transferred its right to receive cash flows from the investment and has substantially transferred all the risks
and rewards of ownership; or
• despite having retained some significant risks and rewards of ownership, control of the asset has been transferred to another
party who has the practical ability to unilaterally sell the asset to an unrelated third party without imposing additional
restrictions.
Impairment of financial assets
The Society assesses, on a forward-looking basis, the expected credit losses (ECLs) associated with its financial assets held at
amortised cost. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and
all the cash flows that the Society expects to receive, discounted at the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows
will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.
The ECL methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk. For those credit
exposures where there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the loss allowance is measured at
lifetime ECL. Lifetime ECL represents the expected credit losses that will result from all possible default events over the
expected life of a financial asset.
The Society assumes that the credit risk on a financial instrument has not increased significantly since initial recognition if the
instrument is determined to have a low credit risk at the reporting date. The loss allowance for such assets is measured at an
amount equal to 12 months’ ECL, being the proportion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events.
For trade receivables and insurance contract assets, the Society applies a simplified approach in calculating expected credit
losses. Therefore, the Society does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime
ECLs at each reporting date.
The Society considers a financial investment in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due. However, in certain
cases, the Society may also consider a financial investment to be in default when internal or external information indicates that
the Society is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit
enhancements held by the Society. A financial investment is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering
the contractual cash flows.
(l) Financial liabilities
Financial liabilities include subordinated loan notes, senior debt and deposits received from reinsurers.
Initial recognition and measurement
Financial liabilities are classified at initial recognition, at FVTPL, loans and borrowings or as payables, as appropriate and, in the
case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 133

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
Subsequent measurement
The measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification, as described below:
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Financial liabilities at FVTPL include financial liabilities held for trading. Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they
are incurred for the purpose of repurchasing in the near term. This category also includes derivative financial instruments
entered into by the Society. Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognised in the Group profit and loss account.
Loans and borrowings
After initial recognition, interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
interest rate method. Gains and losses are recognised in the Group profit and loss account when the liabilities are
derecognised, as well as through the effective interest rate amortisation process. Amortised cost is calculated by taking into
account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The
effective interest rate amortisation is included as non-technical operating expenses in the Group profit and loss account.
Derecognition
A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. When an existing
financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability
are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as the derecognition of the original liability and the
recognition of a new liability. The difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognised in the Group profit and loss
account.
(m)Employee benefits
The Society accounts for pensions and similar benefits (principally income protection due to ill health) under Schedule 28
Employee Benefits of FRS 102. The Society operates a number of defined benefit pension schemes in which obligations are
measured at discounted present value using the projected unit credit method, while plan assets are recorded at fair value.
Judgement is required in determining the economic and demographic assumptions underpinning the estimated actuarial value
of scheme liabilities. These judgements are based on observable historic data and, in many cases, publicly available information.
The operating and financing income and costs of the scheme are recognised in the Group profit and loss account. Service
costs, financing income (expected return on plan assets) and costs are recognised in the periods in which they arise. Actuarial
gains and losses are recognised in full in the Group statement of comprehensive income in the period in which they occur.
Costs of discretionary awards in respect of past service are recognised in the Group profit and loss account when amounts are
committed to be paid or there is a constructive liability to make awards to pensioners.
Payments to defined contribution pension schemes are charged to the Group profit and loss account as they fall due.
Short-term bonuses are accrued in the period to which they relate; long-term bonuses are recognised over their vesting period.
(n) Other provisions
A provision is recognised in the balance sheet when there is a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event,
it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation, and the amount can be reliably
estimated.
Central Fund claims and provisions
Central Fund claims and provisions (Undertakings) are accounted for when they are approved by the Council and become
contractual commitments. These Undertakings are granted wholly at the discretion of the Council for a fixed period, normally
one year, and therefore are not deemed to be constructive obligations, except for renewals of those commitments previously
granted.
For those corporate members in provisional liquidation, the Council provides a supporting commitment, which will ensure that in
no circumstance will an insurance creditor receive less than the amount it would have received in a winding up commencing on
the date of the provisional liquidation. As the supporting Undertakings are legally enforceable commitments, an estimate of their
value is included within provisions in the Group financial statements and changes during the period are reflected in the Group
profit and loss account. The Council has provided no such supporting commitments during the year and therefore no provision
is held at year end.
Recoveries in respect of Undertakings previously given are credited to the Group profit and loss account when contractually
committed to be received.
(o) Syndicate loans
Syndicate loans comprise loans issued to strengthen the Society’s central resources and facilitate the injection of capital into
Lloyd’s Europe.
The amount collected was based on a percentage of the syndicate gross written premium forecast. The loans are treated as
equity as there is no contractual obligation to settle the loans and the Society may elect not to settle at its sole discretion (other
than on liquidation). On initial recognition, syndicate loans are measured at fair value and are not subsequently revalued. Further
details on syndicate loans can be found in note 24.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 134

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
(p) Cash at bank and in hand
This consists of cash at bank and in hand and deposits held at call with banks.
(q) Other technical income
Income directly related to the insurance activities of the Society is presented in the technical account and largely comprises
recoveries of costs from syndicates under the contracts.
(r) Net operating income/(expenses) – technical account
Costs directly related to the insurance activities of the Society are presented in the technical account in the Group profit and
loss account.
Acquisition costs which represent commission, and other related expenses, are deferred over the period in which the related
premiums are earned. Administration costs are expensed as incurred.
Reinsurance commission income is receivable from syndicates as a percentage of premiums earned by Lloyd’s Europe and on
premiums written by Lloyd’s China.
(s) Non-technical income
The Society supports the market to underwrite risks through its trading rights and distribution network. It also ensures that the
market remains well capitalised and provides services to enable the market’s efficient operation. Revenue consists of members’
subscriptions (net of rebates), various market charges and other services and Central Fund contributions.
Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when services are transferred to the customer at an amount that reflects
the consideration to which the Society expects to be entitled in exchange for those services:
• members’ subscriptions, market charges and other services are recognised in the period for which the service is provided.
They are recognised on a basis that reflects the timing, nature and value of the benefits provided, and are net of rebates;
• Central Fund contributions from members’ underwriting in the year are recognised in the period for which the service is
provided; and
• other income is recognised on a basis that reflects the timing, nature and value of the benefits provided. Other income
includes rental income from the sub-lease of properties held under operating lease contracts, and income from Placing
Platform Limited including fees for the provision of an electronic (re)insurance placing platform to its customers.
For members’ subscriptions, market charges and other services, and Central Fund contributions, the period for which the
service is provided is the financial year, and performance obligations are generally satisfied within the financial year. Revenue
arising in respect of members’ subscriptions and Central Fund contributions is calculated by applying a percentage to the
forecast gross written premiums of each syndicate underwriting year.
Where performance obligations are not satisfied in the financial year, revenue is recognised based on the extent to which
service obligations are completed. Judgement has been applied in determining revenue recognised for the year.
Share of profits from associates and joint ventures is recognised as stated in note 17.
Debtors represent the Society’s right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional (only the passage of time is required
before payment of the consideration is due).
(t) Non-technical operating expenses
Non-technical operating expenses comprise costs relating to the operating activities of the Society. These costs are charged to
the Group profit and loss account as incurred. Non-technical operating expenses comprise employment costs, premises costs,
legal and professional fees, systems and communications costs, Central Fund protection cover costs, depreciation and
amortisation and interest expense.
(u) Investment return
Investment return comprises all investment income, realised investment gains and losses and movements in unrealised gains
and losses.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 135

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
Investment income
Investment income includes:
• interest receivable, recognised on a time-apportioned basis using the effective interest method. Any unwinding of discount is
recognised as interest income;
• dividend income from equity investments on the ex-dividend date; and
• realised gains and losses on financial instruments, including derivative contracts, calculated as the difference between net
sales proceeds and purchase price.
Unrealised gains/(losses) on investments
Movement in unrealised gains and losses on investments represents the difference between the valuation at the balance sheet
date and the valuation at the last balance sheet date, or their purchase price for investments acquired during the period,
together with the reversal of unrealised gains or losses recognised in earlier accounting periods in respect of investment
disposals in the current period.
The Society enters into forward currency contracts to manage exposures to fluctuation in foreign exchange rates, and to
provide a service to the Lloyd’s market. Where gains and losses are not expected to be refunded or recovered from the Lloyd’s
market, these amounts are taken to the Group profit and loss account.
Investment expenses and charges
Investment expenses and charges comprise costs relating to the investing activities of the Society and impairment charges on
financial assets held at amortised cost. These costs are charged to the Group profit and loss account as incurred.
(v) Taxation
Corporation tax on profit or loss for the periods presented comprises current and deferred tax. Corporation tax is recognised in
the Group profit and loss account except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in the Group statement of
comprehensive income.
Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted, or substantively enacted, at
the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.
Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, and deferred tax assets are recognised for all
deductible temporary differences and unutilised tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available
against which the deductible temporary differences or tax losses can be utilised.
Deferred tax is measured on an undiscounted basis at the rates that are expected to apply in the periods in which timing
differences reverse, based on tax rates and laws enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.
(w)Prior year restatement
Note 16 Financial investments at fair value through profit and loss, has been restated as a result of the identification and
correction of an error in asset classification. £161m of assets reported as ‘Participation in investment pools’ (fair value hierarchy
level 2) have been reclassified to ‘Shares and other variable yield securities and units in unit trusts’ (fair value hierarchy level 1)
based on a revised assessment of the underlying investments. As a result:
• Participation in investment pools: Emerging markets decreased by £60m (1 January 2023: £52m);
• Participation in investment pools: Developed markets decreased by £101m (1 January 2023: £80m); and
• Shares and other variable yield securities and units in unit trusts: Exchange - traded funds increased by £161m (1 January
2023: £132m).
The restatement has no impact on total capital and reserves reported in prior periods.
4. Critical accounting judgements and estimation uncertainty
In preparing the financial statements, significant estimates and judgements are made in respect of some of the items reported,
based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable.
The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of a material change to the carrying value of assets and liabilities
within the next financial year are set out below:
(a) Significant judgements in applying accounting policies
Fair value of financial instruments
The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined by using valuation techniques which
require significant judgement. The Society’s Level 3 financial investments relate to the loan to Constellation of US$101m in
regard to the Central Fund cover, which has a carrying value of £82m (2023: £76m); and investments in the Lloyd’s Private
Impact Fund (LPIF) and Lloyd’s Private Credit Fund (LPCF). The LPIF and LPCF, with current investments of £84m (2023:
£56m) and £69m (2023: £16m) respectively, are managed by a third-party investment manager. Agreed valuation techniques,
which include inputs such as discount rates, models and comparable market data to establish the fair value of the underlying
private equity impact investments, are applied on a quarterly basis by an Alternative Investment Fund Manager acting as a
valuation agent for the fund, independently of the fund managers.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 136

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
In each case, judgement is applied to select a method and make assumptions based on market conditions existing at the end of
each reporting period and a change to the applied methodology and/or assumptions could lead to a range of plausible
valuations for financial investments. See note 5 for discussion of the related interest rate and credit risks.
(b) Key sources of estimation uncertainty
Ultimate liability arising from claims made under insurance contracts and asset arising from reinsurance contracts
In setting the provision for insurance liabilities an allowance for risk and uncertainty is added, the objective being to ensure that
local statutory requirements and management’s reasonable expectations have been met. The insurance reserves, including the
allowance for uncertainty, is 100% reinsured with Lloyd’s syndicates and there is no impact on the profit before tax or net
assets of the Group. The carrying amount of the liability is £7,287m (2023: £7,087m) and of the asset is £7,287m (2023:
£7,087m).
The estimation of the ultimate liability arising from claims made under insurance contracts and the related asset arising from the
100% reinsurance quota share agreements in place are significant accounting estimates, as the valuation is inherently uncertain
and reliant on a number of actuarial assumptions. Determining the amount of this liability is inherently challenging and in a given
year there is a risk this estimate may materially change in the following year, due to change in the risk profile and/or
reassessment of the assumptions underlying the reserving methodology. A key area of estimation uncertainty as to the ultimate
amounts at which they will be settled exists in respect of claims arising from the Ukraine conflict.
In respect of this conflict, the market has reserved £2.4bn of liabilities (2023: £1.9bn), with a proportion of those liabilities being
provided for in Lloyd’s Europe and relating to aviation leasing. Lloyd’s Europe is currently aware of 12 claims in total which were
brought against it in England and Ireland (ie claims in which Lloyd’s Europe is a named defendant). Three of these claims have
been discontinued against Lloyd’s Europe. Each claim is brought by aviation lessors under policies taken out in respect of
aircraft operating in Russia and related countries in 2022. The Irish Proceedings’ trial began on 4 June 2024 and continues in
2025, without a fixed end-date. The English Proceedings’ trial began on 2 October 2024 and ended on 14 February 2025. Until
judgement is received in the Irish and/or English Proceedings, there are key factual and legal questions to be resolved in all of
the claims. Because of the complexity of the claims, it is expected that it will take several months for judgement in either the
Irish or the English Proceedings to be handed down. It is therefore too early to comment on the potential outcome of these
claims. Lloyd’s Europe understands that a number of other similar claims have been brought against the relevant Lloyd’s
syndicates directly (ie claims in which Lloyd’s Europe is not a named defendant) and other insurers in other jurisdictions (eg the
United States) in respect of business not underwritten through Lloyd’s Europe. It is noted that Lloyd’s Europe has 100% quota
share reinsurance agreements in place with the relevant Lloyd’s syndicates in respect of the business it has underwritten.
While the Council considers that the gross provision for claims and the related reinsurance recoveries are fairly stated on the
basis of the information currently available to it, the ultimate liability will vary as a result of subsequent information and events
and may result in significant adjustments to the amount provided. Adjustments to the amount of the provision are reflected in
the Group financial statements for the period in which the adjustments are made. The methods used, and the estimates made,
are reviewed regularly. See note 26 for disclosures relating to these provisions and note 5 for discussion of the related risks.
Defined benefit pension scheme
The Group has obligations to pay pension benefit liabilities to certain employees. The cost of these benefits and the present
value of the obligation depend on a number of factors which underpin the estimated actuarial value of the scheme liabilities. The
major financial assumptions used by the actuary are the discount rate on corporate bonds, the rate of price inflation, life
expectancy and the rate of increase in future pension payments. The assumptions reflect historical experience and current
trends and are considered to be a key source of estimation uncertainty as a small change to the assumptions applied could
result in a material movement in the Group financial statements within the next 12 months. The scheme liabilities are netted
against the scheme assets and the carrying value of the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme is a net surplus of £51m (2023: £41m) which
has been recognised as an asset on the balance sheet. See note 22 for further details.
Restructuring provision
The Group has recognised a restructuring provision of £14.8m as at 31 December 2024 in respect of the planned reorganisation
of the IT and operations functions. The provision involves estimation uncertainty as the amount is based on management's best
estimate of costs to be incurred, including redundancy payments and other related expenses which are subject to change as
the restructuring plan progresses. The timing of the outflows is uncertain and depends on the completion of various
restructuring activities. Management expects the majority of the costs to be incurred within the next 12 months.
(c) Other areas of judgement and accounting estimates
There are a number of accounting assumptions made by the Society about the future, and other sources of estimation
uncertainty at the end of the reporting period. These assumptions do not have a significant risk of resulting in a material
adjustment to the carrying value of assets and liabilities within the next financial year and therefore do not represent a major
source of estimation uncertainty.
Climate change
As set out in the principal current and emerging risks on pages 20 to 23, Lloyd’s continues to monitor and manage risks
associated with the physical, transition and litigation risks associated with climate change. There is inherent complexity and
uncertainty in how the future climate pathway will develop; however, the current management view is that reasonably possible
changes arising from climate risk would not have a material impact on asset and liability valuations at the reporting date.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 137

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
5. Insurance and financial risk
(a) Insurance risk
This is the risk arising from the inherent uncertainties as to the occurrence, amount and timing of insurance liabilities.
Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A. (‘Lloyd’s Europe’) and Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited (‘Lloyd’s China’) are the
principal insurance businesses of the Society. The companies’ principal activity is to provide reinsurance of non-life business
and direct non-life insurance in the European and Chinese insurance markets, respectively. Lloyd’s syndicates participate in
Lloyd’s Europe and Lloyd’s China business by means of retrocession agreements. Lloyd’s Europe and Lloyd’s China have
reinsured and retroceded 100% of the insurance risk for all underwritten premiums to Lloyd’s syndicates. As such, insurance
risk after this is nil. Therefore, an increase or decrease in estimated technical provisions has a corresponding impact on the
reinsurers’ share of technical provisions, and nil net impact on the Society’s claims incurred, net of reinsurance and profit before
tax for the year and the capital and reserves at the balance sheet date. The Society’s insurance risk can be subdivided into the
following categories:
• underwriting risk;
• reserving risk;
• credit risk;
• catastrophe risk; and
• concentration risk.
Lloyd’s Europe accounts for 98% (2023: 98%) of the Society’s gross written premiums for the year. As such, the vast majority
of the Society’s gross insurance risk relates to the operations of Lloyd’s Europe.
Underwriting risk
There is a risk that a policy will be written for too low a premium, provide inappropriate cover, or that the frequency or severity
of insured events will be higher than expected. Lloyd’s Europe and Lloyd’s China underwrite business introduced by Lloyd’s
syndicates in line with their approved business plans. As outlined on page 47, approval of syndicates’ business plans (which
includes the syndicates’ underwriting strategy) is the key control the Society uses to manage the underwriting risk of Lloyd’s
Europe and Lloyd’s China.
The Society has controls in place to ensure that risks are underwritten within regulatory requirements and the scope of Lloyd’s
market licences. Controls are also in place to ensure reinsurance agreements are in place with syndicates to retrocede 100% of
the insurance risk of all underwritten premiums.
Reserving risk
Reserving risk arises where the reserves established in the balance sheet are not adequate to meet eventual claims arising.
Lloyd’s Europe and Lloyd’s China estimate incurred but not reported (IBNR) claims based on case reserves set by managing
agents and their own historic claims development data. Lloyd’s Europe and Lloyd’s China reserves are annually subject to a
formal independent actuarial opinion.
Specific reserving issues for the Society reflect those for the market as a whole in the geographic areas business is written, as
outlined on page 48. In particular, Lloyd’s Europe has gross exposure to losses arising from the Ukraine conflict. Any change in
the estimated ultimate loss ratio has a nil net impact on capital and reserves in the balance sheet as all risks are 100% reinsured.
For Lloyd’s Europe, the ultimate claim cost including claims expense reserves is determined using actuarial techniques based
primarily on historical experience, actual claims experience, and in accordance with their statutory reporting requirements.
Significant judgement is required in applying these actuarial techniques in order to calculate the expected ultimate claims and
expenses. A combined approach is taken, with the provisions for the business transferred through the Part VII agreement in
2020, calculated using the same techniques as are used for the business originally written through Lloyd’s Europe. An explicit
allowance is also derived for specific claims that are thought to require an additional IBNR allowance, such as those linked to
the Ukraine conflict, primarily using ultimate claims estimates provided by the syndicates.
For Lloyd’s China, the ultimate claim cost is determined based on historical experience, the expected loss ratio provided by the
syndicates and actual claims experience, and in accordance with their statutory reporting requirements. Claims expense
reserves are calculated with reference to actual claims expenses and future developing trends by line of business. Significant
judgement is required in assessing the expected loss ratios provided by syndicates to determine whether the provision for
insurance claims held for prior underwriting years is reasonable. Changes in loss ratios for one or more lines of business have
had a relatively insignificant impact on the valuation of insurance contract liabilities as a whole. For Lloyd’s China only,
outstanding claims reserves are calculated taking the time value of money into account. The discount rate used is the same as
that used for the calculation of the unexpired risk reserve.
Credit risk
Lloyd’s Europe and Lloyd’s China are exposed to credit risks primarily associated with insurance and reinsurance arrangements
with their insurance counterparties. The most significant credit risk is the recoverability of the Society’s reinsurance assets
receivable from syndicates under the 100% reinsurance agreements. Credit risk is minimised by actively monitoring the
creditworthiness of counterparties to ensure this is managed proactively. Expected credit losses are calculated and recognised
as described in note 3(k).
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 138

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Catastrophe risk
Catastrophe risk is the risk of loss occurring across multiple lines of business from worldwide catastrophic events. The Society
has developed a suite of Realistic Disaster Scenarios to measure syndicate-level and aggregate market exposure to both
natural catastrophes and man-made losses. These are monitored frequently, and additional information is provided by
syndicates as described on page 48. In addition, enhancements to the monitoring and oversight of aggregate market
catastrophe risk exposure have been implemented within the approved Internal Model under Solvency II.
Concentration risk
As described on page 56, the Society monitors concentrations of risk against defined risk appetites. Any reported metrics
outside of appetite are reported to, and discussed by, the Lloyd’s Europe or Lloyd’s China Audit and Risk Committees.
Claims development table
The table below shows the development of claims over a period of time on a gross basis. The claims development table shows
the cumulative incurred claims, including both notified and IBNR claims for each successive year, together with cumulative
claims at the current reporting date. As these tables are on an underwriting year basis, there is an apparent jump from figures
for the end of the underwriting year to one year later, as a large proportion of premiums are earned in the year of account’s
second year of development.
2019 and prior 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 Total
£m £m £m £m £m £m £m
At end of underwriting year 1,369 4,295 857 868 715 861 —
One year later 2,126 4,708 2,511 1,407 1,511 — —
Two years later 2,081 4,581 2,671 1,636 — — —
Three years later 2,028 4,450 3,146 — — — —
Four years later 1,998 4,531 — — — — —
Five years later 2,045 — — — — — —
Current estimate of cumulative claims 2,045 4,531 3,146 1,636 1,511 861 13,730
Cumulative payments to date (1,510) (2,620) (1,232) (625) (321) (135) (6,443)
Total provision for insurance claims 535 1,911 1,914 1,011 1,190 726 7,287
As the Lloyd’s Europe and Lloyd’s China insurance liabilities are 100% reinsured and comprise the vast majority of the Society’s
insurance business, the Society has not prepared a claims development table on a net basis.
The claims development table above includes claims relating to the 2020 and prior underwriting year EEA business transferred
under the Part VII agreement on 30 December 2020. All liabilities transferred are included within the 2020 underwriting year.
(b) Financial risk
The Society’s risk management of investment operations is predominantly controlled by the Lloyd’s Treasury and Investment
Management function under policies approved by the Investment Committee. The Council provides written principles for overall
risk management, as well as policies covering specific areas, such as foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk, credit risk, use of
derivative financial instruments and non-derivative financial instruments, and investment of excess liquidity. Refer to note 16 on
pages 145 to 150 for further details of the Society’s financial investments.
(c) Credit risk
Credit risk is the exposure to loss if a counterparty fails to perform its contractual obligations. Other than the credit risk on the
100% reinsurance agreements with syndicates, the Society’s primary credit risk relates to its financial investments and cash
balances. Refer to note 16 for classification of assets according to credit ratings. The Society is also exposed to credit risk in its
premium debtors.
Credit risk in respect of premium debt is controlled through internal credit evaluation of related counterparties and regular
monitoring of premium settlement performance.
The carrying amount of financial assets and reinsurance assets represents the maximum credit risk exposure.
(d) Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that there are insufficient funds to meet liabilities, as they fall due.
The value and term of short-term assets are carefully monitored against those of the Society’s liabilities. The Society maintains
sufficient liquid assets to meet liabilities as they fall due.
The liquidity of the Central Fund is managed to meet short-term operational commitments, including the payment of any
drawdown. Any surplus cash balances are invested in compliance with defined investment parameters approved by the
Investment Committee, in accordance with the risk appetite set by the Council.
The Society had no committed borrowing facilities as at 31 December 2024 or 2023. The primary long-term financial liabilities of
the Society are subordinated debt and senior loan notes, which are detailed in note 25, including details of the maturity of these
liabilities.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 139

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
The Society has a strong free cash balance at 31 December 2024 of £318m (2023: £328m), with additional holdings in short-
term investments, making the Society’s liquidity very strong.
(e) Market risk
Market risk is the risk of loss, or of adverse change in a financial situation, resulting from fluctuations in the level of market
prices of assets and liabilities arising from exposure to economic variables and market forces such as interest rates, foreign
currency rates or inflation.
Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that the value and future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in
interest rates.
Interest rate risk arising from the requirement to make fixed rate coupon payments in respect of the Society’s senior and
subordinated debt, and discretionary fixed rate coupon payments in respect of the Society’s syndicate loans, is considered in
conjunction with the market risk arising on the Society’s investments.
Borrowings from the Lloyd’s market for the purpose of funding statutory insurance deposits do not bear a fixed rate of interest.
Instead, investment returns earned on the borrowed assets are passed on to lenders. Consequently, no interest rate risk arises
on such borrowings.
Short-term assets held by the Society may be significant at certain times. These are invested in money market instruments of
up to 12 months’ duration with the objective of maximising current income while meeting liquidity requirements.
As part of the strategy to mitigate these risks, the Society has entered into a number of interest rate swap contracts.
The analysis below is performed for reasonably possible movements in interest rates with all other variables held constant,
showing the impact on the profit before tax of the effects of changes in interest rates.
Impact on profit before tax £m
2024 2023
+50 basis points (34) (28)
-50 basis points 34 28
+100 basis points (69) (56)
-100 basis points 69 56
Foreign currency risk
Currency risk is the risk that the sterling value of the Society’s assets and liabilities will fluctuate due to changes in foreign
exchange rates. The Society’s exposure to the risk of changes in foreign exchange rates relates primarily to changes in the fair
value of foreign currency denominated investments and forward contracts.
The majority of foreign exchange exposures arising from investments denominated in foreign currencies are managed via a
foreign exchange hedging programme. The Society also hedges against the portion of its capital requirement denominated in
US dollars, in excess of US dollar holdings. As a result, the Society has remaining net exposures to foreign currencies and the
sterling value of the Society’s investments may be affected by movements in exchange rates relating to these exposures.
A 10% strengthening/weakening of the pound against all other currencies at 31 December 2024 would have reduced/increased
the profit before tax for the financial year by £327m (2023: £311m). This analysis is presented net of foreign exchange hedges
and assumes that all other variables remain constant.
Equity price risk
Equity price risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in
market prices (other than those arising from interest rate risk or currency risk), whether those changes are caused by factors
specific to the individual financial instrument or its issuer, or by factors affecting all similar financial instruments traded in the
market.
Such risks are managed by setting and monitoring objectives and constraints on investments, diversification plans and limits on
investments in each sector and market.
The analysis below is performed for reasonably possible movements in market indices on financial instruments with all other
variables held constant, showing the impact on the profit before tax due to changes in the fair value of financial assets and
liabilities (whose fair values are recorded in the profit and loss account).
Impact on profit before tax £m
2024 2023
5% increase in equity markets 37 30
5% decrease in equity markets (37) (30)
15% increase in equity markets 111 91
15% decrease in equity markets (111) (91)
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 140

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
6. Segmental analysis
Segmental information is presented in respect of the Society’s business segments. The primary business segments are based
on the Society’s management and internal reporting structure. Intra-segment pricing is determined on an arm’s-length basis.
Segmental results, assets and liabilities include items directly attributable to a segment, as well as those that can be allocated
on a reasonable basis.
The Society’s primary business segments are as follows:
• Corporation of Lloyd’s: the main corporate purpose is to facilitate the carrying on of insurance business by members of
Lloyd’s and the advancement and protection of their interests in this context. The activities of authorised insurance company
subsidiary undertakings (primarily Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A. and Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited) are
included within this business segment; and
• Lloyd’s Central Fund: comprising the New Central Fund and Old Central Fund, are assets of the Society, held and
administered at the discretion of the Council, primarily as funds available for the protection of policyholders. Unless the
approval of members is obtained, the New Central Fund may not be used for the purposes of extinguishing or reducing
liabilities which have been reinsured by Equitas Reinsurance Limited.
2024 2023
Corporation Lloyd’s Society Corporation Lloyd’s Society
of Lloyd’s Central Fund total of Lloyd’s Central Fund total
Note £m £m £m £m £m £m
Segment revenue and expenses
Technical account
Earned premiums, net of reinsurance — — — — — —
Other technical income 9 — 9 8 — 8
Claims incurred, net of reinsurance — — — — — —
Net operating income 8 37 — 37 34 — 34
Balance on the technical account for
general business 46 — 46 42 — 42
Non-technical account
Total investment return 9 56 215 271 58 251 309
Profit/(loss) on foreign exchange 34 9 43 (5) (113) (118)
Non-technical income 10 397 212 609 367 192 559
Non-technical operating expenses 11 (413) (85) (498) (365) (69) (434)
Profit before tax 120 351 471 97 261 358
Tax charge on profit 14 (27) (89) (116) (30) (60) (90)
Profit after tax 93 262 355 67 201 268
Segment assets and liabilities
Intangible assets 15 60 — 60 38 — 38
Investments 1,565 2,793 4,358 1,845 3,027 4,872
Reinsurers’ share of technical provisions 26 9,628 — 9,628 9,375 — 9,375
Debtors 3,859 543 4,402 3,625 575 4,200
Other assets 871 418 1,289 720 311 1,031
Prepayments and accrued income 608 25 633 590 16 606
Pension scheme asset 22 51 — 51 41 — 41
Total assets 16,642 3,779 20,421 16,234 3,929 20,163
Technical provisions 26 9,628 — 9,628 9,375 — 9,375
Provisions for other risks 68 6 74 54 2 56
Deposits received from reinsurers 1,006 — 1,006 1,187 — 1,187
Creditors 4,980 67 5,047 4,777 53 4,830
Accruals and deferred income 29 645 1 646 613 1 614
Subordinated debt 25(a) — 298 298 — 604 604
Total capital and reserves 315 3,407 3,722 228 3,269 3,497
Total capital, reserves and liabilities 16,642 3,779 20,421 16,234 3,929 20,163
The segment assets and liabilities reported in the table above have been reclassified in 2024, including for comparative
amounts, to align with the financial statement line items on the balance sheet, improving comparability and consistency within
the report.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 141

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
7. Particulars of insurance business
The geographical analysis of direct gross written premiums by location where contracts were concluded is as follows:
2024 2023
£m £m
European Economic Area (EEA) 3,705 3,897
China 71 68
Total 3,776 3,965
Refer also to note 26 for details of insurance balances.
8. Net operating income – technical account
2024 2023
£m £m
Acquisition costs (825) (864)
Change in deferred acquisition costs 42 91
Administrative expenses (59) (60)
Reinsurance commissions and profit participation 879 867
Total net operating income 37 34
9. Total investment return
2024 2023
£m £m
Income from financial investments held at FVTPL 80 54
Income from financial investments held at amortised cost 52 62
Net realised (losses)/gains on derivative contracts (4) 15
Other net realised gains/(losses) on investments held at FVTPL and amortised cost 63 (5)
Total investment income 191 126
Net unrealised gains/(losses) on derivative contracts 6 (5)
Other net unrealised gains on financial investments at FVTPL 75 191
Total net unrealised gains on financial assets 81 186
Investment expenses and charges (1) (3)
Total investment return 271 309
10.Non-technical income
Non-technical income comprises income from members such as subscriptions, market charges and other services, Central
Fund contributions, other income for the provision of an electronic (re)insurance placing platform by Placing Platform Limited
and share of profits from associates and joint ventures. Set out below is the disaggregation of the Group’s non-technical
income:
2024 2023
Corporation Lloyd’s Central Society Corporation Lloyd’s Society
of Lloyd’s Fund total of Lloyd’s Central Fund total
£m £m £m £m £m £m
Members’ subscriptions, net of rebate 208 — 208 183 – 183
Market charges and other services:
Market charges 170 — 170 175 – 175
Other charges 8 — 8 5 – 5
Central Fund income — 212 212 – 192 192
Other income
Electronic (re)insurance placing platform 6 — 6 – – –
Share of profits from associates and joint ventures 5 — 5 4 – 4
Total non-technical income 397 212 609 367 192 559
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 142

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
11. Non-technical operating expenses
2024 2023
Corporation of Lloyd’s Central Society total Corporation of Lloyd’s Central Society total
Lloyd’s Fund £m Lloyd’s Fund £m
£m £m £m £m
Employment costs 198 — 198 172 – 172
Premises 42 — 42 46 – 46
Legal and professional fees 86 6 92 63 1 64
Systems and communications costs 50 — 50 49 – 49
Central Fund protection cover — 46 46 – 34 34
Depreciation and amortisation 14 — 14 13 – 13
Interest expense 10 27 37 11 30 41
Other 13 6 19 11 4 15
Total non-technical operating expenses 413 85 498 365 69 434
12.Auditors’ remuneration
During the year the Group obtained the following services from the Society’s auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, as
detailed below:
2024 2023
£m £m
Audit of the Group’s annual financial statements 1 1
Audit of subsidiaries pursuant to legislation 1 1
Audit-related assurance services and other assurance services 2 1
Total auditors’ remuneration 4 3
Services payable to the Group’s auditors include audit of the accounts of subsidiaries, audit-related assurance services (such as
work undertaken on the Aggregate Accounts, Pro Forma Financial Statements and regulatory returns) and other assurance
services.
13.Employees and Directors
Employment costs
2024 2023
£m £m
Wages and salaries (including bonus) 145 136
Social security costs 17 16
Pension costs 10 8
Other employment costs 26 12
Total employment costs 198 172
Pension costs largely relate to contributions made under the defined contribution scheme. Further information on this scheme
and the defined benefit pension scheme can be found in note 22.
Employment costs exclude those relating to the insurance activities of the Group, which are presented in the technical account.
Number of employees
The average number of employees, on a full-time equivalent basis, was as follows:
2024 2023
UK employees 1,044 1,043
Overseas employees 263 275
Average number of total employees 1,307 1,318
Directors
The aggregate amount of remuneration paid to, or receivable by, both Executive and Non-Executive Directors (including the
highest paid) is shown in the Annual Remuneration Report on pages 93 to 95. Post-employment benefits are accruing for three
Executive Directors (2023: three) under a defined contribution pension scheme. No Executive or Non-Executive Directors
(2023: none) were members of the defined benefit pension scheme.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 143

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
14.Taxation
(a) Tax charge
2024 2023
£m £m
Current tax:
Corporation tax at 25.0% (2023: 23.5%) (86) (56)
Adjustments in respect of prior periods 1 –
Foreign tax suffered (26) (22)
Total current tax (111) (78)
Deferred tax:
Origination and reversal of timing differences (5) (12)
Tax charge recognised in the Group profit and loss account (116) (90)
Analysis of tax credit recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income:
Tax credit on syndicate loan interest 4 4
Tax (charge)/credit on actuarial loss on Group pension liabilities (2) 5
Tax credit recognised in the Group other comprehensive income 2 9
Total tax charge recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income (114) (81)
(b) Reconciliation of effective tax rate
The tax on the Group’s profit before tax differs from the standard rate of UK corporation tax for the year of 25.0% (2023:
23.5%). The differences are explained below:
2024 2023
£m £m
Profit on ordinary activities before tax 471 358
Expected tax at the current rate of 25.0% (2023: 23.5%) (118) (84)
Income not taxable — 2
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes (3) (3)
Overseas tax (1) (3)
Tax on share of profits of associates and joint ventures 1 1
Difference in UK and overseas tax rates (1) (2)
Overseas tax relief 1 –
Prior year adjustment 6 –
Other (1) (1)
Tax charge (116) (90)
The standard rate of UK corporation tax for the year ending 31 December 2024 is 25.0% (2023: 23.5%). In 2021 an increase in
the corporation tax rate to 25% with effect from 1 April 2023 was substantively enacted. The 25% rate is used to measure UK
deferred taxes in 2024 (and in 2023 the 23.5% rate used reflects nine months of the new rate and three months of the previous
rate of 19% to the extent the related timing differences were expected to reverse after 1 April 2023).
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rate that will apply when an asset is expected to be realised or a
liability is expected to be settled, using tax rates and laws enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.
The Group is subject to the global minimum top-up tax under the OECD Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Pillar 2 rules (‘Pillar
Two’), which came into effect in the UK for accounting periods beginning on or after 31 December 2023. As such, the Pillar Two
rules are effective for the year ending 31 December 2024. Under the legislation, the Group is liable to pay a top-up tax for the
difference between the Global Anti-Base Erosion (GloBE) effective tax rate for each jurisdiction in which it operates and the
15% minimum rate.
The Group applies the exception to recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to
Pillar Two income taxes, as provided in the amendments to IAS 12 issued in May 2023.
The Group’s initial modelling of the impact of the Pillar Two legislation shows that all jurisdictions other than Ireland and
Singapore are expected to fall within one of the transitional safe harbours in which case the Pillar Two top-up tax will be nil. The
additional Pillar Two top-up tax arising in these two jurisdictions is expected to be approximately £0.2m and no current tax
expense has been provided as it is not considered significant enough to impact on users of the financial statements.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 144

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
15.Intangible assets
Software
Software development Goodwill Total
£m £m £m £m
Cost
At 1 January 2024 82 4 — 86
Acquisition of subsidiary 37 1 (3) 35
Additions — 1 — 1
Disposals (4) — — (4)
Transfer between classes 4 (4) — —
At 31 December 2024 119 2 (3) 118
Accumulated amortisation and impairment
At 1 January 2024 (48) — — (48)
Amortisation for the year (14) — — (14)
Disposals 4 — — 4
At 31 December 2024 (58) — — (58)
Net book value at 31 December 2024 61 2 (3) 60
Net book value at 31 December 2023 34 4 — 38
Impairment losses
Impairment reviews are undertaken bi-annually for the assessment of the carrying value of assets. Following the assessment,
£nil (2023: £nil) of the intangible assets were impaired during the year.
Amortisation and impairment charges are recognised within non-technical operating expenses and technical net operating
income in the Group profit and loss account.
16.Financial investments
2024 2023
£m £m
Note Carrying value Carrying value
Financial investments at amortised cost
Statutory insurance deposits 16(a) 881 1,037
Deposits with credit institutions 16(a) 54 571
Loans secured by mortgages 22 23
Loans (unsecured) — 15
Total financial investments at amortised cost 957 1,646
Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss
Financial investments at fair value through profit and loss 16(b) 3,353 3,176
Derivative financial assets 16(c) 7 4
Total financial assets at fair value through profit and loss 3,360 3,180
Total financial investments 4,317 4,826
Loans secured by mortgages comprises loans made from the Central Fund to hardship members related to the valuation of
hardship, Limited Financial Assistance Agreement and legal assets. Gains and losses are included in the Group profit and loss
account in the period they arise.
Unsecured loans to Placing Platform Limited (PPL) were partially repaid in 2024, with the remaining balance (£12.5m)
reclassified to intercompany and subsequently eliminated on consolidation following the acquisition of PPL by Lloyd's in 2024.
The segmental allocation of financial investments at amortised cost is as follows: Corporation £920m (2023: £1,258m) and
Central Fund £37m (2023: £388m).
(a) Financial investments at amortised cost
Financial investments at amortised cost include investments such as government bonds, treasury bills, letters of credit, call
accounts, fixed-term deposits and cash deposits held in certain countries to satisfy local trading authorisation requirements.
These are excluded from cash and cash equivalents because they are not available to finance the Society’s operations.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 145

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
2024 2023
Securities Deposits Total Securities Deposits Total
Statutory insurance deposits £m £m £m £m £m £m
At 1 January 179 858 1,037 163 771 934
Additions at cost 16 1,262 1,278 22 1,448 1,470
Disposal proceeds (16) (1,374) (1,390) (15) (1,377) (1,392)
(Loss)/profit on sale and revaluation (10) (34) (44) 9 16 25
At 31 December 169 712 881 179 858 1,037
2024 2023
Securities Deposits Total Securities Deposits Total
Statutory insurance deposits £m £m £m £m £m £m
AAA 1 — 1 1 – 1
AA 156 510 666 165 640 805
A — 198 198 – 100 100
BBB 9 — 9 9 115 124
Other 3 4 7 4 3 7
At 31 December 169 712 881 179 858 1,037
2024 2023
Deposits with credit institutions £m £m
AA — 231
A 33 313
BBB 21 27
At 31 December 54 571
(b) Financial investments at fair value through profit and loss
2024 2024 2024 2024
Corporation Lloyd’s Total carrying Total cost
of Lloyd’s Central Fund value £m
£m £m £m
At 1 January 541 2,635 3,176
Additions at cost 764 2,123 2,887
Disposal proceeds (710) (2,149) (2,859)
Profit on the sale and revaluation of investments 9 140 149
Fair value at 31 December 604 2,749 3,353
Analysis of securities
Debt securities and other fixed-income securities:
Government 161 636 797 786
Corporate securities 275 1,074 1,349 1,361
Total debt securities and other fixed-income securities 436 1,710 2,146 2,147
Shares and other variable yield securities and units in unit trusts:
Global equities — 456 456 306
Exchange traded funds 168 29 197 165
Participation in investment pools:
Private assets — 153 153 146
Hedge funds — 19 19 11
Multi-asset funds — 224 224 185
Emerging markets — 76 76 65
Other loans — 82 82 81
Fair value at 31 December 604 2,749 3,353 3,106
All securities, including those held in pooled investments, are listed with the exception of private assets, other loans and some
instruments held in hedge funds.
Other loans comprises loan to Constellation IC Limited of US$101m/£80m in 2021 towards the arrangements made for the
protection of Lloyd’s Central Fund, in situations where the Central Fund makes payments to cover members’ liabilities. The
programme renewed on 1 January 2024 and has an initial fixed duration of five years (with a possible extension to hold
collateral for a further three years to cover adverse claims development).
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 146

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
The Society retains the first US$1,000m (2023: £791m) of claims payable. The total amount of cover provided by the
programme is US$813m (2023: £650m), with layers provided by Constellation and a panel of reinsurers. The layer covered by
Constellation of US$563m (2023: £450m) is 100% collateralised for the five-year term. Constellation has been funded by loans,
including US$101m from the Society (2023: £80m). The loan is classified and measured at fair value through profit and loss in
accordance with the Society’s accounting policy for financial assets, in accordance with IFRS 9 ‘Financial Instruments’. Interest
income is accrued on the loan.
2024 2024
Corporation Lloyd’s 2024
of Lloyd’s Central Fund Total
Analysis of securities £m £m £m
AAA 169 363 532
AA 46 355 401
A 85 395 480
BBB 98 655 753
Other 206 981 1,187
Fair value at 31 December 604 2,749 3,353
2023 2023
Corporation 2023 Total carrying
of Lloyd’s Lloyd’s value 2023
(restated) Central Fund (restated) Total cost
£m £m £m £m
At 1 January 490 2,297 2,787
Additions at cost 223 1,380 1,603
Disposal proceeds (181) (1,135) (1,316)
Profit on the sale and revaluation of investments 9 93 102
Fair value at 31 December 541 2,635 3,176
Analysis of securities
Debt securities and other fixed-income securities:
Government 114 1,363 1,477 1,465
Corporate securities 266 526 792 815
Total debt securities and other fixed-income securities 380 1,889 2,269 2,280
Shares and other variable yield securities and units in unit trusts:
Global equities – 369 369 274
Exchange traded funds* 161 – 161 144
Participation in investment pools:
Private assets – 72 72 72
Hedge funds – 17 17 11
Multi-asset funds – 139 139 119
Emerging markets* – 73 73 47
Other loans – 76 76 79
Fair value at 31 December 541 2,635 3,176 3,026
* Comparative values for the year ended 31 December 2023 have been restated as a result of the identification and correction
of an error in asset classification. As a result, £161m of assets have been reanalysed from ‘Participation in investment pools’
to ‘Shares and other variable yield securities and units in unit trusts'. Refer to note 3(w) for further details.
All securities, including those held in pooled investments, are listed with the exception of private assets, other loans and some
instruments held in hedge funds.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 147

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
2023 2023
Corporation Lloyd’s 2023
of Lloyd’s Central Fund Total
Analysis of securities £m £m £m
AAA 68 332 400
AA 77 1,114 1,191
A 81 271 352
BBB 154 258 412
Other 161 660 821
Fair value at 31 December 541 2,635 3,176
(c) Fair value hierarchy
To provide further information on the valuation techniques used to measure assets and liabilities carried at fair value, the
Society categorises the measurement basis for assets carried at fair value into a ‘fair value hierarchy’, based on the lowest level
input that is significant to the valuation as a whole, described as follows:
Level 1 – Inputs to Level 1 fair values are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. An active market is one in which
transactions for the asset occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.
Examples are listed debt securities in active markets, listed equities in active markets or listed deposits held with credit
institutions in active markets.
Fair values are determined using a pricing hierarchy structure for valuation purposes. The valuation principles employed are to
provide the most accurate valuations, while also working to provide independent valuations. The pricing process employs a
hierarchy that utilises numerous third-party sources in a tiered system.
Level 2 – Inputs to Level 2 fair values are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the
asset, either directly (ie as prices) or indirectly (ie derived from prices) and fair value is determined through the use of models or
other valuation methodologies. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar (ie not identical) assets in active markets, quoted
prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active or in which little information is released publicly and low
volatility hedge funds where tradable net asset values are published.
Where estimates are used to value unlisted securities, these are based on a combination of independent third-party evidence
and internally developed models, calibrated to market-observable data. While such valuations are sensitive to estimates,
changing one or more of the assumptions to reasonably possible alternative assumptions is unlikely to result in a significant
change in fair value.
Level 3 – Inputs to Level 3 fair values are inputs that are unobservable for the asset. Unobservable inputs have been used to
measure fair value where observable inputs are not available, allowing for situations where there is little or no market activity.
Unobservable inputs reflect assumptions that the Society considers market participants would use in pricing the asset and have
been based on a combination of independent third-party evidence and internally developed models.
2024
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
£m £m £m £m
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Debt securities and other fixed income securities 797 1,349 — 2,146
Shares and other variable yield securities and units in unit trusts 653 — — 653
Participation in investment pools — 319 153 472
Other loans — — 82 82
Total financial investments at fair value through profit and loss 1,450 1,668 235 3,353
Derivative financial instruments
Currency conversion service — 1 — 1
Other forward foreign exchange contracts — 5 — 5
Interest rate swaps — 1 — 1
Total derivative financial instruments — 7 — 7
Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 1,450 1,675 235 3,360
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Derivative financial instruments
Currency conversion service — 1 — 1
Other forward foreign exchange contracts — 1 — 1
Interest rate swaps — 1 — 1
Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss — 3 — 3
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 148

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
2023
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
(restated) (restated) £m (restated)
£m £m £m
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Debt securities and other fixed income securities 1,477 792 – 2,269
Shares and other variable yield securities and units in unit trusts* 530 – – 530
Participation in investment pools* – 229 72 301
Other loans – – 76 76
Total financial investments at fair value through profit and loss 2,007 1,021 148 3,176
Derivative financial instruments
Other forward foreign exchange contracts – 1 – 1
Interest rate swaps – 3 – 3
Total derivative financial instruments – 4 – 4
Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 2,007 1,025 148 3,180
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Derivative financial instruments
Other forward foreign exchange contracts – 3 – 3
Interest rate swaps – 4 – 4
Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss – 7 – 7
* Comparative values for the year ended 31 December 2023 have been restated as a result of the identification and correction
of an error in asset classification. As a result, £161m of assets have been reanalysed from ‘Participation in investment pools’
to ‘Shares and other variable yield securities and units in unit trusts'. Refer to note 3(w) for further details.
Derivative financial instruments
The Society enters into forward currency contracts to manage exposures to fluctuation in exchange rates and to provide a
currency conversion service to the Lloyd’s market. The Society also enters into interest rate swaps and equity futures to
manage exposures aligned to its investment strategy. The Society’s derivative financial instruments are categorised as fair value
hierarchy Level 2.
The fair value and notional amounts of derivative instruments held, all of which mature within one year, are analysed as follows:
2024 Assets 2024 Liabilities
Fair value Notional Fair value Notional
As at 31 December £m £m £m £m
Currency conversion service 1 110 (1) (111)
Other forward foreign exchange contracts 5 211 (1) (207)
Interest rate swaps 1 102 (1) (102)
Total 7 423 (3) (420)
2023 Assets 2023 Liabilities
Fair value Notional Fair value Notional
As at 31 December £m £m £m £m
Currency conversion service – 90 – (90)
Other forward foreign exchange contracts 1 288 (3) (289)
Interest rate swaps 3 205 (4) (205)
Total 4 583 (7) (584)
Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3)
The following table presents the changes in the fair value of Level 3 investments:
2024 2023
£m £m
As at 1 January 148 67
Addition 155 73
Disposal (78) –
Gain/(loss) on foreign exchange 4 (2)
Gain recognised in the profit and loss account 6 10
As at 31 December 235 148
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 149

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2024, the Society has invested £84m (2023: £56m) in the Lloyd’s Private Impact Fund and £69m (2023:
£16m) in the Lloyd’s Private Credit Fund (refer to page 42 for details of the accounting policy). These investments are classified
as Level 3 investments in the fair value hierarchy.
Level 3 investments also include the loan to Constellation IC Limited of US$101m (2023: £80m) towards the arrangements
made for the protection of Lloyd’s Central Fund, in situations where the Central Fund makes payments to cover members’
liabilities. This is reported as both a disposal and addition during the period as the sterling loan was replaced by a US dollar
denominated loan when the Central Fund cover was renewed on 1 January 2024. Refer to page 147 for further detail.
There were no transfers to or from fair value hierarchy Level 3 for the period ending 31 December 2024.
17. Investments in associates and joint ventures
The carrying value of the Group’s investments in associates and joint ventures was as follows:
2024 2023
£m £m
At 1 January 46 42
Share of operating profits 7 5
Share of tax on profit on ordinary activities (2) (1)
Derecognition (business combination achieved in stages) (9) —
Total share of profits of associates and joint ventures (4) 4
Share of remeasurement loss on pension liabilities (1) —
At 31 December 41 46
On 14 November 2024, Lloyd’s increased its investment in Placing Platform Limited and obtained control. As a result, the entity
has been derecognised as a joint venture and is now reported as a Group undertaking. Refer to note 34 for further information.
Set out below are the Group’s significant holdings which have been included as investments in associates and joint ventures as
at 31 December 2024:
Company name Registered address and country of incorporation Proportion of equity capital held Nature of business
Associates
Ins-sure Holdings Limited Royal Pavilion, Wellesley Road, 25% Provision of premiums and claims
Aldershot, Hampshire GU11 1PZ accounting and settlement, policy
England and Wales production and ancillary insurance
services principally to the London
insurance market
Xchanging Claims Services Royal Pavilion, Wellesley Road, 50% Provision of claims and recoveries
Limited Aldershot, Hampshire GU11 1PZ services
England and Wales
Joint ventures
London Market Operations and One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA Limited by guarantee Centralised capability to source and
Strategic Sourcing Limited England and Wales 33% manage outsourced market services
for the London insurance market
The issued share capital of Ins-sure Holdings Limited is £4,000. There are three classes of shares. The Society holds 1,000,000
B shares of 0.1p each that have the right to participate in 25% of any profits available for distribution.
The issued share capital of Xchanging Claims Services Limited is £4,001. There are three classes of shares. The Society holds
1,000 A shares of £1 each and 2,001 C shares of £1 each. The A and C shares have the following rights with respect to
dividends:
• the A shares participate in 50% of any profits available for distribution in proportion to shares held as outlined above; and
• the C shares carry a right to a fixed cumulative preference dividend of 5%, calculated on the paid-up nominal capital, and a
variable participating dividend in priority to the payment of any dividend to the holders of the A and B shares.
The wholly owned subsidiaries of Xchanging Claims Services Limited are LCO Marine Limited and LCO Non-Marine & Aviation
Limited; and for Ins-sure Holdings Limited are Ins-sure Services Limited, London Processing Centre Limited and LPSO Limited.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 150

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
18. Tangible assets
Computer and
Furniture and Leasehold specialised Lloyd’s
fittings improvements equipment Collection Total
£m £m £m £m £m
Cost
At 1 January 2024 21 4 7 15 47
Additions 4 3 — — 7
At 31 December 2024 25 7 7 15 54
Depreciation
At 1 January 2024 (15) — (4) — (19)
Depreciation charge for the year (2) — — — (2)
At 31 December 2024 (17) — (4) — (21)
Net book value at 31 December 2024 8 7 3 15 33
Net book value at 31 December 2023 6 4 3 15 28
Impairment losses
Impairment reviews are undertaken annually of the recoverability of the carrying value of tangible assets held. As part of this
review, an impairment charge of £nil (2023: £nil) was recognised during the year.
Lloyd’s Collection
The Lloyd’s Collection represents various paintings, antiques and artefacts. A desktop valuation was conducted by Gurr Johns
Limited, valuers and fine art consultants, dated 3 June 2024. The collection was valued at £15m on the basis of open market
auction value, assuming all items are not sold at the same time, taking into account the nature, age, condition and quality of each
chattel. The Lloyd’s Collection is valued every three years unless there is any indication of impairment. There was no indication
of impairment in 2024 (2023: £nil).
19. Cash at bank and in hand
2024 2023
£m £m
Cash at banks 520 526
Short-term deposits 733 472
Total cash at bank and in hand 1,253 998
Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates, based on daily bank deposit rates. Short-term deposits are made for varying
periods of between one day and three months, depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Society, and earn interest
at the respective short-term deposit rates. The deposits are short-term cash instruments and are all redeemable on demand.
The fair value of cash at bank and in hand is £1,253m (2023: £998m).
20. Deferred acquisition cost
2024 2023
Reinsurers’ Reinsurers’
Gross share Net Gross share Net
£m £m £m £m £m £m
Balance at 1 January 439 (439) — 356 (356) –
Expenses for the acquisition of insurance
contracts during the year 820 (820) — 859 (859) –
Amortisation (777) 777 — (767) 767 –
Foreign exchange movements (21) 21 — (9) 9 –
Balance at 31 December 461 (461) — 439 (439) –
Reinsurers’ share of deferred acquisition costs is presented within accruals and deferred income. Please refer to note 29.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 151

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
21.Other debtors, other assets, prepayments and accrued income
(a) Other debtors
2024 2023
£m £m
Other debtors 16 12
Tax receivable 8 10
Total other debtors 24 22
(b) Other assets
2024 2023
£m £m
Deferred tax asset 3 5
Total other assets 3 5
(c) Other prepayments and accrued income
2024 2023
£m £m
Prepayments 125 130
Accrued income 11 9
Total prepayments and accrued income 136 139
Prepayments include amounts paid for services to Xchanging Global Insurance Solutions Limited (XGIS) in 2021, which will be
received after more than one year from the balance sheet date, of £22m (2023: £33m). Management reviews the recoverability
of such prepayment at each reporting period and there are no amounts considered irrecoverable at 31 December 2024 (2023:
£nil).
22. Pension schemes
Lloyd’s operates a number of defined benefit and defined contribution pension schemes. In the UK, employees are entitled to
join a Group personal pension plan and there is also a closed defined benefit scheme. Other schemes have been established for
certain employees based overseas.
These schemes are generally funded by the payment of contributions to separately administered funds.
Defined benefit pension schemes
The pension surpluses/(deficits) of the defined benefit schemes are as follows:
2024 2023
£m £m
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme 51 41
Overseas pension schemes (3) (3)
Net surplus from pension schemes 48 38
The amounts recognised in the Group profit and loss account and Group statement of comprehensive income in respect of
defined benefit schemes, before tax, are as follows:
2024 2023
£m £m
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme — 3
Overseas pension schemes — –
Total Group profit and loss account — 3
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme 10 (19)
Overseas pension schemes — –
Share of associates’ and joint ventures’ pension (1) –
Total Group statement of comprehensive income, before tax 9 (19)
The Lloyd’s Pension Scheme
The Lloyd’s Pension Scheme is a defined benefit pension scheme with assets held in a separately administered fund. The
Scheme provides pensions to members on retirement, as well as benefits on the death of members. The Scheme operates in
accordance with Trust Deed and Rules and relevant legislation. A Board of Trustees manages and administers the Scheme;
they are primarily responsible for ensuring that members are paid the correct benefits at the correct time, and that there are
sufficient Scheme assets to pay benefits as they fall due.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 152

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
The Lloyd’s Pension Scheme closed to new members in 2013 and closed to future accrual for existing members on 30 June
2018. Existing members of the Scheme at that time were enrolled into the Group personal pension plan for future pension
benefits.
On an FRS 102 Section 28 ‘Employee Benefits’ valuation basis, the pension scheme asset at 31 December 2024 was £51m
(2023: £41m) before the allowance of deferred tax. An actuarial pre-tax gain of £10m has been recognised in the year (2023:
£19m loss). In accordance with paragraph 22 of FRS 102 Section 28 ‘Employee Benefits’, the value of the net pension scheme
asset that can be recognised in the balance sheet is restricted to the present value of economic benefits available in the form of
refunds from the Scheme or reductions in future contributions. The Society has recognised the Scheme surplus as a defined
benefit plan asset as the Scheme Trust Deed and Rules give the Society the right to a refund of surplus in certain
circumstances, and as such the asset is recoverable.
Scheme contributions and funding valuation
UK legislation requires the funding position of the Scheme to be assessed at least every three years by an independent qualified
actuary. Following closure of the Scheme to future benefit accrual, there are no regular monthly contributions paid to the
Scheme. However, where a funding deficit is identified, a recovery plan will be agreed between the Society and the Trustees,
setting out the contributions required to meet the deficit.
A triennial funding valuation as at 30 June 2022, undertaken by Willis Towers Watson, was completed during 2023. The total
market value of the Scheme’s assets at the date of the valuation was £756m and the total value of accrued liabilities was
£800m, resulting in a funding deficit of £44m. These figures exclude both liabilities and the related assets in respect of money
purchase additional voluntary contributions (AVCs). The recovery plan agreed by the Trustees assumes that the deficit will be
met by post-valuation-date investment outperformance relative to the liabilities; however a contingent contribution structure is
in place until the next valuation (scheduled for 30 June 2025) under which contributions will be made should the estimated
funding level fall below 103% as at 30 June in any given year. No additional contribution was paid in 2024.
Information about the risks of the Scheme to the Society
The ultimate cost of the Scheme to the Society will depend upon actual future events rather than the assumptions made. Many
of the assumptions made may not be borne out in practice and, as such, the cost of the Scheme may be higher or lower than
disclosed. In general, the risk to the Society is that the assumptions underlying the disclosures, or the calculation of contribution
requirements, are not borne out in practice and the cost to the Society is higher than expected. This could result in a deficit
disclosed and therefore higher recovery contributions required from the Society. This may also affect the Society’s ability to
grant discretionary benefits or other enhancements to members.
The key assumptions that may not be borne out in practice are unchanged from those described in the 2023 Lloyd’s Annual
Report. A decrease in corporate bond yields will increase the Scheme’s liabilities, although this will be partially offset by an
increase in the value of the Scheme’s bond assets.
Principal actuarial assumptions in respect of FRS 102 Section 28 'Employee Benefits'
The most significant change compared to the assumptions outlined in the 2023 Lloyd’s Annual Report is the discount rate,
which has increased to 5.6% (2023: 4.7%). This financial assumption change is the main driver for the £72m decrease in the
total liabilities for the Scheme. The discount rate assumption is determined with reference to the yields on corporate bonds at
the valuation date, which have decreased since the previous valuation. There has been no change in the methodology used to
derive the discount rate compared to the valuation at 31 December 2023.
Other changes in assumptions compared to the 31 December 2023 valuation do not have a material impact on the net pension
asset balance at 31 December 2024. The demographic assumptions that are most financially significant are those relating to the
life expectancy of retired members. The mortality table used for the purposes of the valuation is as follows:
2024 2023
SAPS Light 3 SAPS Light 3
table: Male 94%, table: Male 94%,
Female Female
Post retirement mortality assumption 93% 93%
Additional description of allowance of future mortality improvements CMI 2023 CMI 2022
Years Years
Life expectancy of a male aged 60 now 28 28
Life expectancy of a female aged 60 now 30 30
Life expectancy of a male aged 60 in 15 years 29 29
Life expectancy of a female aged 60 in 15 years 31 31
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 153

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
The other major financial assumptions used by the actuary are as follows:
2024 2023
% per annum % per annum
Discount rate 5.6 4.7
Price inflation
• Retail Price Index (RPI) 3.3 3.1
• Consumer Price Index (CPI) 2.8 2.7
Other financial assumptions, including rate of increase in pensions in-payment, increases to final salary deferred pensions,
career average revaluation in service and in deferment and increases in payment and guaranteed minimum pension
equalisation, are largely similar and not presented above.
Total market value of assets
Changes in the fair value of plan assets are as follows:
2024 2023
£m £m
Fair value of Scheme assets at 1 January 707 706
Interest income on pension scheme assets 33 34
Benefits paid (36) (33)
Return on plan assets excluding interest income (59) –
Fair value of Scheme assets at 31 December 645 707
The fair value of the plan assets is comprised as follows:
2024 2023
Asset analysis of the Scheme £m £m
Bonds
Corporate bonds 65 13
Index-linked bonds 171 285
Fixed interest bonds 265 222
Equities
UK equities 2 3
Overseas (excluding UK) equities 60 50
Property — 62
Diversified income credit 24 23
Hedge funds 38 35
Cash and net current assets 20 14
Total market value of assets 645 707
All of the Scheme’s assets are quoted in an active market when looking at the underlying asset, apart from hedge funds (2024:
£38m; 2023: property and hedge funds £97m). The Scheme is not currently invested in any of the Society’s own assets.
Approximately 94% (2023: 94%) of the Scheme’s liabilities relate to final salary members and 6% (2023: 6%) relate to career
average revalued earnings (CARE) members.
Total market value of Scheme liabilities
Changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligations are as follows:
2024 2023
£m £m
Actuarial value of Scheme liabilities at 1 January 666 649
Interest cost on Scheme liabilities 31 31
Administration costs and taxes 1 –
Benefits paid and administrative expenses (36) (33)
Experience losses arising in Scheme liabilities 2 4
Change in assumptions underlying the present value of the Scheme liabilities
Demographic assumption change (6) (6)
Financial assumption change (64) 21
Actuarial value of Scheme liabilities at 31 December 594 666
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 154

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Sensitivity of pension obligation to changes in assumptions
A 1% per annum increase in the discount rate to be adopted as at 31 December 2024 would result in a reduction to the balance
sheet liabilities at that date of around 10.6%, or approximately £63m. A corresponding 1% per annum decrease would increase
liabilities at that date by around 13.0%, or approximately £77m. A 1% per annum increase in the assumption for future inflation
(both Retail Price Index and Consumer Price Index) as at 31 December 2024, which would increase future expectations of
pension increases and deferred revaluation, would result in an increase in the balance sheet liabilities at that date of around
4.6%, or approximately £28m. A corresponding 1% per annum decrease would reduce liabilities at that date by around 4.7%, or
approximately £28m.
A change in the mortality assumptions could have a significant impact on the liabilities. For instance, if members aged 60 were
instead expected to live for one year longer, with all members’ life expectancies increasing by a proportionate amount, then the
liability as at 31 December 2024 would be around 1.9% higher, or approximately £11m. Similarly, if members aged 60 were
instead expected to live for one year less then the liability would be around 1.7% lower, or approximately £10m.
The notional fund
The Society recognises the cost of discretionary increases to pre-6 April 1997 benefits in payment when there is a constructive
liability to make such increases. The Society provided £10m in 2007, and a further £20m in 2011, to meet the expected cost of
future discretionary increases. This amount is notionally segregated from the Scheme’s other assets (the ‘notional fund’) and its
investment performance tracked on the assumption that it is invested in the same way as the Scheme’s other assets.
The notional fund will be used to facilitate the award of future discretionary pension increases when the Society carries out its
annual review of pensions in accordance with the Scheme’s Definitive Trust Deed. As long as there is a notional fund set aside
for this purpose, discretionary increases will continue to be considered. As at 31 December 2024, the value of the notional fund
was £6m (2023: £8m).
Analysis of the amount recognised in the Group profit and loss account:
2024 2023
£m £m
Net interest expense — (3)
Total operating charge — (3)
Analysis of the amount recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income:
2024 2023
£m £m
Experience losses arising on scheme liabilities (1) (4)
Changes in the assumptions underlying the present value of the Scheme assets/liabilities
Financial assumption change 64 (21)
Demographic assumption change 6 6
Actuarial gain/(loss) arising during period 69 (19)
Return on plan assets (59) —
Remeasurement effects recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income 10 (19)
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 155

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
Overseas pension schemes
The Society operates a number of defined benefit schemes for qualifying employees based overseas. The actuarial valuations
of these pension schemes at 31 December 2024 resulted in a deficit of £3m (2023: £3m).
2024 2023
£m £m
Value of assets 2 2
Actuarial value of scheme liabilities (5) (5)
Net defined benefit liability (3) (3)
Lloyd’s Group personal pension plan
UK employees are eligible to join the Lloyd’s Group personal pension plan, a defined contribution scheme which is administered
by Aviva. The Group personal pension plan was introduced in 2013, when the defined benefit pension scheme was closed to
new members. The amount charged to the Group profit and loss account in respect of the Lloyd’s Group personal pension plan
is £10m (2023: £10m).
Members of the Lloyd’s Group personal pension plan can elect their contribution rate (payable via salary sacrifice) and can
change this at any time. Lloyd’s participates alongside the employees in the contribution scheme.
Virgin Media Court ruling
The Virgin Media Ltd v NTL Pension Trustees decision, handed down by the High Court on 16 June 2023, considered the
implications of section 37 of the Pension Schemes Act 1993. Section 37 of the Pension Schemes Act 1993 only allowed the
rules of contracted-out schemes in respect to benefits to be altered where certain requirements were met. The court decision
was upheld on appeal on 25 July 2024. There is potential for legislative intervention following industry lobbying that may
retrospectively validate certain rule amendments. In addition, there is a possibility that the case could go to the Supreme Court.
Given these uncertainties it is not currently possible to determine whether any amendments were not in accordance with
section 37 of the Pension Schemes Act 1993 requirements. Further, it is not currently possible to reliably estimate the
retrospective possible impact to the defined benefit obligations of the pension scheme if these amendments were not in
accordance with section 37 of the Pension Schemes Act 1993 requirements. Having considered the matter the Trustees have
commenced a review of the relevant Deeds of Amendment to identify if there are any issues relevant to this court decision.
23. Equity
(a) Profit and loss account
2024 2023
£m £m
Attributable to:
Corporation of Lloyd’s 283 185
Central Fund 3,031 2,783
Total profit and loss account 3,314 2,968
(b) Translation reserve
Where Group companies have a functional currency which differs from the Group presentational currency, the results and
financial position are translated and all resulting gains and losses are recognised in other comprehensive income and as equity,
in the translation reserve. As at 31 December 2024, the balance was £(27)m (2023: £nil).
(c) Revaluation reserve
The revaluation reserve of £15m (2023: £15m) is used to record increases in the fair value of the Lloyd’s Collection, and
decreases to the extent that such decreases relate to the amount previously recognised in the Group statement of
comprehensive income.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 156

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
24. Syndicate loans
2024 2023
£m £m
2020 Syndicate loan (November) 285 285
2020 Syndicate loan (June) 119 119
2019 Syndicate loan — 110
Principal loan balance 404 514
Syndicate loans may be repaid in full or in part, at the discretion of the Society, only after a period of five years has elapsed. The
interest rate on the loans is based on a risk-free rate with an allowance for credit spread. The Council may elect to defer or
cancel payment of all or any interest. Interest is only recognised once the holders’ right to receive payment is confirmed. At
31 December 2024 the cumulative interest to date, not yet confirmed, totals £4m (2023: £8m).
Syndicate loans are accounted for as an equity instrument in the Society’s financial statements and as such any interest paid to
loan holders (syndicates) is recorded as a reduction in equity. An interest payment of £19m (2023: £19m) has been made during
the period.
The 2019 tranche of syndicate loans were repaid on the fifth anniversary of commencement, 29 March 2024.
25. Subordinated debt and amounts owing to credit institutions
(a) Subordinated debt
2024 2023
£m £m
4.875% subordinated notes of £300m maturing 7 February 2047 (‘Sterling 2017 Notes’) 300 300
4.750% subordinated notes of £306m maturing 30 October 2024 (‘Sterling 2014 Notes’) — 306
Total subordinated notes issued 300 606
Less issue costs to be charged in future years (2) (2)
Total 298 604
The notes are subordinated obligations of the Society. Each tranche of the notes will rank pari passu with the other in a winding-
up of the Society. Upon the occurrence of any winding-up proceedings of the Society, payments on the notes will be
subordinated in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all other liabilities of the Society, except for liabilities which rank
equally with or junior to the notes. Payments on the notes will also be subordinated to certain payments which may be made out
of central assets, including payments made to discharge the liabilities of an insolvent member to any person (including any
policyholders) arising out of, or in connection with, insurance business carried on at Lloyd’s by the insolvent member and
payments made in respect of the costs required by or under any insolvency procedure to which the Society or the Lloyd’s
market may be subject. However, in the event of a winding-up of the Society, the claims of the holders of the notes rank senior
to the distribution of any central assets to members of Lloyd’s generally (other than payments made to members in their
capacity as senior creditors of the Society).
The Sterling 2014 Notes issued on 30 October 2014 bear interest at a rate of 4.750% per annum, paid annually in arrears on 30
October in each year. These Notes matured on 30 October 2024 when they were redeemed in full.
The Sterling 2017 Notes issued on 7 February 2017 mature on 7 February 2047 and bear interest at a rate of 4.875% per
annum, until (but excluding) 7 February 2027, payable annually in arrears on 7 February in each year, and thereafter at a floating
rate of interest calculated using a compounded daily SONIA (Sterling Overnight Index Average) interest rate plus a credit
adjustment spread and margin, payable quarterly in arrears.
(b) Amounts owed to credit institutions
2024 2023
£m £m
2.48% senior debt of £60m maturing January 2030 (‘Sterling 2020’) 60 60
2.48% senior debt of £40m maturing January 2031 (‘Sterling 2020’) 40 40
2.61% senior debt of £70m maturing January 2035 (‘Sterling 2020’) 70 70
2.81% senior debt of £130m maturing January 2045 (‘Sterling 2020’) 130 130
Less issue costs and discount on issue to be charged/unwound in future years (1) (1)
Total cost 299 299
Accrued interest 4 4
Amortised cost (carrying value) 303 303
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 157

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
26. Technical provisions
2024 2023
Reinsurers’ Reinsurers’
Gross share Net Gross share Net
Unearned premium provision £m £m £m £m £m £m
Balance at 1 January 2,288 (2,288) — 1,937 (1,937) –
Premium written in the year 3,776 (3,776) — 3,965 (3,965) –
Premium earned during the year (3,618) 3,618 — (3,571) 3,571 –
Foreign exchange movements (105) 105 — (43) 43 –
Balance at 31 December 2,341 (2,341) — 2,288 (2,288) –
2024 2023
Reinsurers’ Reinsurers’
Gross share Net Gross share Net
Claims outstanding £m £m £m £m £m £m
Balance at 1 January 7,087 (7,087) — 7,311 (7,311) –
Claims paid during the year (2,014) 2,014 — (1,382) 1,382 –
Claims incurred during the year 2,548 (2,548) — 1,315 (1,315) –
Foreign exchange movements (334) 334 — (157) 157 –
Balance at 31 December 7,287 (7,287) — 7,087 (7,087) –
Gross claims outstanding at 31 December 2024 includes claims discounted by Lloyd’s China under China GAAP. The
undiscounted claims outstanding as required under UK GAAP are higher than the discounted claims reserves by £10m (2023:
£12m) and are not material to the Society financial statements. The claims outstanding are 100% reinsured and there is no
impact on the Society’s profit before tax or capital and reserves.
27. Other provisions
A provision under contractual arrangements is recognised when the obligation can be reliably estimated and it is probable that
there will be a transfer of economic benefits in settlement of such obligation.
2024 2023
Lease cost Other Lease cost Other
provision provisions Total provision provisions Total
£m £m £m £m £m £m
Balance at 1 January 36 5 41 41 18 59
Charged in the year 2 16 18 3 1 4
Utilised in the year (7) (3) (10) (1) (3) (4)
Unused amounts reversed to profit and loss — — — (7) (11) (18)
Balance at 31 December 31 18 49 36 5 41
Lease cost provision
The lease cost provision represents the Society’s obligations in respect of the contractual capital expenditure and dilapidation
cost under fully repairing leases. Under the 1986 Building lease, the Society has obligations to the lessor to repair, maintain and
cleanse the building throughout the duration of the lease, and to bring the building back to its original condition at the end of the
lease. The Society reviews annually the estimated cost of satisfying the obligations under the lease. Third-party experts are
engaged to help identify and validate required repairs or maintenance and to estimate the cost of work required. The estimated
costs for all repairs that have been evidenced, as required under the lease, are fully provided for.
The value of the lease cost provision is calculated with reference to the costs that are expected to be incurred during the
remainder of the lease term. The value of the provision is not sensitive to the timing of expenditure during the lease term.
Other provisions
Other provisions include a restructuring provision, provisions for obligations under an onerous lease and other contractual
obligations and the Income Assistance Scheme (see below).
Restructuring provision
In November 2024, Lloyd's announced plans to outsource certain IT services and operational functions to Accenture from
1 April 2025. As a result of the outsourcing contract, a number of roles currently performed by Lloyd’s employees will be
transitioned to Accenture or will no longer be required. The majority of impacted employees will have an exit date of 31 March
2025. A restructuring provision of £14.8m has been created in 2024 to recognise the costs associated with this.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 158

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Obligations under onerous lease and contracts
A provision is made for obligations under an operating lease when the physically separable part of a property is taken out of use
by the Society and the unavoidable costs of meeting the obligations under the lease exceed the economic benefits expected to
be received. The provision is calculated using future lease payments as per the lease contract, discounted at the Society’s long-
term borrowing rate, and is therefore sensitive to changes in this assumption.
Income Assistance Scheme
The Income Assistance Scheme was effective from 1 January 2010 and replaced both the Hardship Income Top-up Scheme
and the Income and Housing Support Scheme. The Income Assistance Scheme is permanent and replaces the discretionary
nature of the previous schemes and guarantees ongoing payment of income assistance to eligible members of the previous
schemes until the full undertaking has been utilised, other than in the event that Lloyd’s faces severe financial stress.
The provision covers expected future payments under the Income Assistance Scheme. The Names covered by the scheme
receive quarterly payments until: (a) death (or a spouse’s death, depending upon the individual arrangements agreed); (b) earlier
settlement of the debt by the Name; or (c) default by the Name on their contractual obligations. The value of the provision is
therefore sensitive to the factors above, as well as to changes in inflation rates.
28. Creditors
2024 2023
£m £m
Creditors arising out of direct insurance operations 707 663
Creditors arising out of reinsurance operations 3,836 3,667
Other creditors including taxation and social security 201 197
Total creditors 4,744 4,527
Other creditors including taxation and social security comprises the Society’s trade and other creditors due within one year.
29. Accruals and deferred income
2024 2023
£m £m
Reinsurers’ share of deferred acquisition costs 461 439
Accrued expenses 110 97
Deferred income 75 78
Total accruals and deferred income 646 614
30. Cash generated from operations
2024 2023
£m £m
Profit before tax 471 358
Adjustments for:
Net investment return (134) (244)
Increase/(decrease) in other assets 268 (132)
Share of profits of associates and joint ventures (4) (4)
Loss on disposal of associate 2 –
Amortisation of intangible assets 14 14
Depreciation of tangible fixed assets 2 1
Impairment losses — –
Interest expense on financial liabilities at amortised cost 35 37
Increase in debtors, prepayments and accrued income (995) (1,054)
Increase in creditors, accruals and deferred income 1,011 1,031
Increase/(decrease) in provisions 8 (18)
(Profit)/loss on foreign exchange (50) 114
Net defined benefit pension payment — (2)
Cash generated from operations 628 101
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 159

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
31. Operating leases
The totals of future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:
2024 2023
£m £m
Payment due:
Not later than one year 24 24
Later than one year and not later than five years 86 89
Later than five years 92 110
Total 202 223
Total operating lease charges paid during the year amounted to £24m (2023: £25m).
32. Contingent liabilities and capital commitments
On behalf of the Society, a letter of credit has been issued to Lloyd's Europe for €200m or £165m with a term until 2025 (2023:
€200m or £173m).
Capital expenditure commitments contracted, but not provided for in the financial statements, were £nil (2023: £nil).
33. Analysis of net debt
Fair value and
exchange Non-cash At 31 December
At 1 January 2024 Cash flows movements changes 2024
£m £m £m £m £m
Cash and cash equivalents 998 269 (14) — 1,253
Borrowings (2,467) 565 44 (35) (1,893)
Total (1,469) 834 30 (35) (640)
34. Business combinations
On 14 November 2024, the Group acquired control of PPL Technologies Group Limited and its direct subsidiary, Placing
Platform Limited (PPL). Prior to the acquisition date, the Group held a 36% interest in Placing Platform Limited, a company
providing an electronic placing platform to the London market. To support future projects, the existing members exchanged
their interests in PPL for an equity interest in PPL Technologies Group Limited and Lloyd’s subsequently subscribed for
additional shares in PPL Technologies Group Limited for cash consideration of £10m, increasing the shareholding to 57.22% as
at 31 December 2024. The business combination has been accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting.
The following table summarises the consideration paid by the Group, the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed and
the non-controlling interest at the acquisition date:
Fair value
Book value adjustment Fair value
£m £m £m
Consideration at 14 November 2024
Cash 10 — 10
Fair value of pre-existing interest 7 — 7
Total consideration 17 — 17
Recognised amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed:
Intangible assets 38 — 38
Cash and cash equivalents 14 — 14
Other assets 4 — 4
Other creditors including taxation and social security (17) — (17)
Accruals and deferred income (4) — (4)
Total identifiable net assets 35 — 35
Non-controlling interest (15) — (15)
Goodwill (3) — (3)
Total 17 — 17
Post acquisition, income from PPL of £6m and a profit of £1m is included in the consolidated profit and loss account for the year
ended 31 December 2024.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 160

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
35. Group undertakings
Subsidiaries are those entities over which the Society directly or indirectly has the power to govern the operating and financial
policies in order to gain economic benefits. The basis on which subsidiaries are consolidated in the Group financial statements
is outlined in the basis of preparation in note 3.
The following subsidiaries principally affected the Group’s financial position and results for the year ended 31 December 2024,
as set out in the Society Group profit and loss account:
Company name Nature of business Registered address and country of incorporation
Additional Securities Provision of deposits overseas on behalf of Lloyd’s One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
Limited underwriters to comply with local insurance regulations England and Wales
Centrewrite Limited Authorised UK insurance company assisting resigned One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
members of the Society with participations on run-off England and Wales
syndicates to end their affairs at Lloyd’s
Lloyd’s Australia Limited In relation to the Society’s activities within Australia, the Suite 1603, Level 16,
company undertakes certain regulatory compliance 1 Macquarie Place, Sydney NSW 2000,
and market development activities Australia
Lloyd’s Canada Inc. In relation to the Society’s activities within Canada, the 200 Bay Street, Suite 2930, PO Box 51,
company undertakes certain regulatory compliance Toronto, Ontario M5J 2J2
and market development activities Canada
Lloyd’s Brasil Serviços In relation to the Society’s activities within Brazil, the Avenida Almirante Barroso 52, Sala2401, CEP
Técnicos Ltda. company undertakes certain regulatory compliance 20031-918 – Rio de Janeiro, RJ Brazil
and market development activities
Lloyd’s Insurance In relation to the Society’s activities within China, the 30th Floor Shanghai Tower, 501 Middle
Company (China) Limited company provides bespoke services to support Yincheng Road, Pudong New Area,
business development and underwriting. The entity is Shanghai 200120,
an authorised insurance company China
Lloyd’s Insurance In relation to the Society’s activities within Europe, the Bastion Tower – Floor 14
Company S.A. company provides bespoke services to support 5 Place du Champ de Mars, 1050 Bruxelles
business development and underwriting. The entity Belgium
ensures that Lloyd’s policyholders across the European
Economic Area can continue to access the
underwriting expertise and financial security of the
Lloyd’s market, despite the United Kingdom’s exit from
the European Union. The entity is an authorised
insurance company and is the holding company of
various other European subsidiaries of the Society
Lloyd’s Japan Inc. In relation to the Society’s activities within Japan, the Tokyo Club Building 6F
company provides bespoke services to support 3-Chome-2-6 Kasumigaseki Chiyoda-ku,
business development and underwriting Tokyo 100-0013 Japan
Lloyd’s Labuan Limited In relation to the Society’s activities within Malaysia, the Brumby Centre, Lot 42, Jalan Muhibbah,
company is licensed to carry on business as 87000 Labuan F.T.
underwriting manager Malaysia
Lloyd’s Limited In relation to the Society’s activities within Dubai, the Unit 4A, Floor 5, Gate Village 8, DIFC, Dubai,
company undertakes certain regulatory compliance United Arab Emirates
and market development activities
Lloyd’s of London (Asia) In relation to the Society’s activities within Singapore 138 Market Street, #03-01 CapitaGreen,
Pte Ltd (and the wider region), the company provides bespoke Singapore 048946
services to support business development and
underwriting
Lloyd’s of London In relation to the Society’s activities within Greece, the 25A Boukourestiou Street, 106 71 Athens
(Representative Office) company acts as a fiscal representative Greece
Greece Single Member
SA
Lloyd’s South Africa In relation to the Society’s activities within South Africa, 15th floor, The Forum
(Proprietary) Ltd the company undertakes certain regulatory compliance 2 Maude Street, Sandton, 2146 South Africa
and market development activities
Lloyd’s America Holdings In relation to the Society’s activities, the companies 280 Park Avenue, 25th Floor, New York, NY
Inc. and provides certain services in the United States 10017
Lloyd’s America Inc. USA
Lloyd’s Kentucky, Inc. Serves as the attorney-in-fact for underwriters writing 200 W. Main St. Frankfort, Kentucky KY
licensed insurance business in Kentucky and the US 40601-1806 USA
Virgin Islands. Provides compliance support for
licensed business. The US Finance team is also
employed by Lloyd’s Kentucky, Inc.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 161

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
Company name Nature of business Registered address and country of incorporation
Lloyd’s Illinois, Inc. Serves as the attorney-in-fact for underwriters writing 181 W Madison Street, Suite 3870
licensed insurance business in Illinois. Provides Chicago, Illinois 60602 USA
compliance support for licensed business, as well as
operational and IT support services in the Americas
Placing Platform Limited Provision of an electronic (re)insurance placing One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA
platform to its customers that allows them to England and Wales
administer, vary, negotiate, cancel and underwrite
contracts of (re)insurance
PPL Technologies Group Holding company 2 Minster Court, London EC3R 7BB
Limited England and Wales
The main territory of operation of subsidiaries incorporated in England and Wales is the UK. For overseas subsidiaries, the
principal country of operation is the same as the country of incorporation. All operating subsidiaries have a 31 December year-
end reporting date with the exception of Lloyd’s Japan Inc. and PPL Technologies Group Limited, which have a reporting date of
31 March and 31 May respectively. All operating subsidiaries are 100% directly owned by the Society with the exception of PPL
Technologies Group Limited and Placing Platform Limited in which Lloyd's holds a 57% interest (refer to note 34).
Restrictions
Lloyd’s operates in more than 200 territories around the world and uses a number of different operating models depending
upon local regulatory requirements. Different countries operate different regulatory regimes and, in some cases, these may
place certain restrictions on the use of capital and assets that are held within those countries, including capital of RMB 1bn
(2023: RMB 1bn) within Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited and €558m (2023: €558m) in Lloyd’s Insurance Company
S.A. Lloyd’s proactively manages its international asset base to ensure that any such restrictions have a minimal impact upon
the utilisation of capital and investments or upon the operations of the Corporation.
Dormant subsidiaries
During the financial year, the Society had, or continues to have, an interest in the following dormant subsidiaries. These
subsidiaries are all 100% owned by the Society and have not actively traded for the year ended 31 December 2024.
Company name Registered address and country of incorporation
Additional Underwriting Agencies (No. 9) Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA England and Wales
Additional Underwriting Agencies (No. 10) Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA England and Wales
Lloyd’s Nominees Director Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA England and Wales
Lloyd’s Nominees Secretary Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA England and Wales
Lloyd's America Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA England and Wales
Lloyd’s Aviation Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA England and Wales
Lloyd’s Building Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA England and Wales
Lloyd’s.com Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA England and Wales
Lloyd’s Corporation Holding Company Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA England and Wales
Lloyd’s Information Services Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA England and Wales
Lloyd’s Life Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA England and Wales
Lloyd’s List Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London Press Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA England and Wales
Lloyd’s Recoveries Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA England and Wales
Lloyd’s Shelf Company 1 Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA England and Wales
Lutine Nominees & Insurance Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA England and Wales
Sharedealer Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA England and Wales
Lloyd’s of London Limited One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA England and Wales
All subsidiary undertakings are included in the consolidated Society Report. The proportions of voting rights in the subsidiary
undertakings held directly by the Society do not differ from the proportions of ordinary shares held. The only preference shares
of subsidiary undertakings included in the Group are £1 preference share for Lloyd’s Building Limited and £1 preference share
for PPL Technologies Group Limited.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 162

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
36. Related party transactions
Services provided to Ins-sure Holdings Limited in the year ended 31 December 2024 included operating systems support and
development, and other administrative services.
Services provided to Xchanging Claims Services Limited in the year ended 31 December 2024 were primarily administrative
services.
Services provided to London Market Operations & Strategic Sourcing Limited in the year ended 31 December 2024 were
primarily fee collection services.
In 2020, the Society made a £6.6m investment in Placing Platform Limited (PPL), to continue to advance the implementation of
digital trading in the Lloyd’s market. During 2023, a second loan of £7.5m was provided to PPL, taking the total advance to £15m
and in 2024, £2.5m of the loan was repaid. Interest on the loan is charged at a rate of 4.25% per annum and the loan is
repayable by 31 December 2026. Following additional investment in 2024, PPL became a subsidiary (refer to note 34). The loan
was not impacted by this transaction and remains in place and will be settled in accordance with the existing terms.
The following table provides the total value of transactions entered into with Society related parties for the relevant financial
years, together with information regarding the outstanding balances at 31 December 2024 and 2023.
Sales to related parties Purchases from related parties Amounts due from related parties Amounts owed to related parties
2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023
£m £m £m £m £m £m £m £m
Associates:
Ins-sure Holdings Limited 2 1 4 1 — — 6 —
Joint ventures:
Placing Platform Limited 1 — — 5 — 15 — —
Non-wholly owned subsidiaries:
Placing Platform Limited — — 2 — 13 — — —
PPL Group Technologies
Limited — — — — 10 — — —
Transactions with associates and joint arrangements are priced on an arm’s-length basis.
In the normal course of business, the Society may enter into transactions with Lloyd’s market businesses in which members of
Council may have an interest.
37. Events after the reporting period
There have been no material events or transactions that have occurred between the reporting date and the date of approval of
these financial statements which would require adjustment or disclosure in accordance with Section 32 of FRS 102.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 163

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Other
Information
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 164

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Alternative performance measures 166
Glossary of terms and useful links 168
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 165

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Alternative performance measures
The following metrics, which are consistently used to analyse financial performance in the Lloyd’s market results and/or in the
Society Report, are considered to be alternative performance measures (APMs). These measures are not defined under UK
GAAP and may not be comparable with similarly titled measures presented by other companies.
Metric Applicable part of the Definition Reason for use
Annual Report
Combined Market Results A measure of the profitability of an insurer’s Used to measure the profitability of
ratio underwriting activity. It is the ratio of net underwriting activity across the Lloyd’s
operating expenses plus claims incurred net of market. It also serves
reinsurance to earned premiums net of as a comparator of Lloyd’s market
reinsurance. underwriting profitability to its peers.
Expense Market Results A measure of the level of expenses associated Used to measure the level of expenses
ratio with underwriting activity. It is the ratio of net associated with underwriting activity
operating expenses to earned premiums net across the Lloyd’s market. It also serves
of reinsurance. as a comparator of Lloyd’s market
expenses to its peers.
Underwriting Market Results A measure of the profitability of an insurer’s Used to measure the profitability of
result underwriting activity. It is calculated as earned underwriting activity across the Lloyd’s
premiums net of reinsurance less net market.
operating expenses and claims incurred net of
reinsurance.
Underlying Market Results A measure of the profitability of underwriting Used to measure the profitability of the
combined activity excluding major claims. It is the ratio of underwriting activity of the Lloyd’s market,
ratio net operating expenses plus claims incurred, excluding the impact of major claims.
excluding major claims, to earned premium net
of reinsurance.
Accident Market Results A measure of the profitability of underwriting Used to measure the profitability of the
year ratio activity attributable to the current financial underwriting activity of the Lloyd’s market
year. It is the ratio of net operating expenses attributable to the current financial year.
plus claims incurred net of reinsurance, before
prior year releases, to earned premium net of
reinsurance.
Attritional Market Results A measure of residual insurance claims, Used to measure the profitability of
loss ratio expressed as a percentage of earned general underwriting activity across the
premiums net of reinsurance. Attritional Lloyd’s market. It also serves as a
insurance claims are calculated as total claims comparator of Lloyd’s market
less major losses and movements in prior year underwriting profitability to its peers.
claims reserves.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 166

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Metric Applicable part of the Definition Reason for use
Annual Report
Prior year Market Results A measure for assessing prior year Used to determine the adequacy of
release ratio movements in claims reserves. It is calculated reserves across the Lloyd’s market and
as a percentage of earned premiums net of the benefit of reserve margin to be
reinsurance. considered within the combined ratio. It
also serves as a comparator of Lloyd’s
market underwriting profitability to its
peers.
Major claims Market Results A measure of significant loss events which Used to measure the impact of significant
ratio have impacted the profitability of underwriting loss events on the underwriting
activity. It is calculated as the sum of major performance of the market. It also serves
claims in the market, expressed as a as a comparator of Lloyd’s market
percentage of earned premiums net of underwriting profitability to its peers.
reinsurance.
Return on Market Results A measure of overall profitability. It is the ratio Used to measure the overall profitability
capital of results for the year before tax to the and value creating potential to create
average of opening and closing total capital value of the Lloyd’s market.
and reserves.
Investment Market Results and A measure of the performance of an insurer’s Used to measure the performance of the
return Society Report investing activity. It can be expressed as the portfolio of investments and cash
ratio of total investment return to the average balances held across the Lloyd’s market.
of opening and closing financial investments
and cash at bank and in hand.
Free cash Society Report Represents the amounts, both at bank and on Provides a measure of the cash resources
deposit, held in the UK and overseas, available to the Society to meet operating
excluding any balances held in respect of expenses.
insurance and arbitration activities.
Solvency Market Results and Under the Solvency II regime, Lloyd’s monitors Solvency coverage ratios are used to
coverage Society Report the amount of eligible capital available to cover ensure that the Society and its members
ratio its market-wide SCR (MWSCR) and Central hold sufficient capital to meet Lloyd’s
SCR (CSCR). This is calculated as total eligible regulatory capital requirements, as well as
capital, expressed as a percentage of the to ensure Lloyd’s solvency risk appetites
respective solvency capital requirements. are satisfied.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 167

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Glossary of terms and useful links
Set out below is a guide to insurance and Lloyd’s-related Coverholder A firm either in the UK or overseas that is
terms. These are not precise definitions but are included to authorised by a managing agent under the terms of a binding
provide assistance to readers as to the general meaning of authority to enter into contracts of insurance to be
terms commonly used in the Lloyd’s market. Formal underwritten by members of a syndicate managed by the
definitions are set out in the Definitions Byelaw on managing agent. A Lloyd’s broker may act as a coverholder.
www.lloyds.com.
Economic Capital Assessment The level of capital required to
Accident year ratio A measure of the profitability of meet Lloyd’s financial strength, licence and rating objectives.
underwriting activity attributable to the current financial year.
Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) The FCA supervises the
The accident year ratio is calculated as net operating
conduct of the UK financial services industry. The Society,
expenses and net incurred losses (paid and reserves) for
managing agents, members’ agents and Lloyd’s brokers are
claims occurring in the year as a proportion of net premiums
regulated by the FCA.
earned during the year. It excludes movements during the
calendar year on claims, expenses and premium estimates for Free cash balances Represents the amounts, both at bank and
previous years. on deposit, held in the UK and overseas, excluding any
balances held in respect of insurance and arbitration
Active underwriter A person employed by a managing agent
activities.
with principal authority to accept insurance and reinsurance
risks on behalf of the members of a syndicate. Funds at Lloyd’s (FAL) Capital lodged and held in trust at
Lloyd’s as security for the policyholders and to support a
Binding authority An agreement between a Lloyd’s managing
member’s overall underwriting business.
agent and a coverholder under which the Lloyd’s managing
agent delegates its authority to enter into a contract or Integrated Lloyd’s Vehicle (ILV) An arrangement in which a
contracts of insurance to be underwritten by the members of syndicate’s capital is wholly provided by corporate members
a syndicate. that are under the same ownership and control as the
syndicate’s managing agent.
Callable layer Central Fund assets may be supplemented by a
‘callable layer’ of up to 5% of members’ overall premium limits Investment return A measure of performance of an insurer’s
in any one calendar year. These funds would be drawn from investing activity. It is the ratio of total investment return to
premium trust funds. the average financial investments and cash at bank and in
hand.
Central assets The net assets of the Society, including the
Central Fund, but excluding the subordinated debt liability and Lines of business Refers to the product segmental split
the callable layer. disclosed in the Pro Forma Financial Statements.
Central Fund The fund financed by (among other things) Major claims Major claims encompass both natural and non-
contributions from Lloyd’s members and administered by the natural catastrophe losses. For the purpose of the PFFS this
Council primarily as a fund for the protection of policyholders amounts to loss codes reported by the market, in aggregate,
and includes both the Old Central Fund and the New Central in excess of £20m net of reinsurance.
Fund.
Managing agent An underwriting agent responsible for
Central SCR The Lloyd’s Central Solvency Capital Ratio is managing a syndicate, or multiple syndicates.
calculated to cover all of the risks facing the Society and the
Market-wide SCR The market-wide Solvency Capital Ratio is
Central Fund at a 99.5% confidence level over a one year
calculated to cover all the risks arising on syndicate activity,
time horizon.
members’ capital provided at Lloyd’s and the Society taken
Combined ratio A measure of an insurer’s underwriting together at a 99.5% confidence level over a one-year time
profitability based on the ratio of net incurred claims plus net horizon.
operating expenses to net earned premiums. A combined
Member (of the Society) A person admitted to membership of
ratio of 100% is breakeven (before taking into account
the Society.
investment returns). A ratio less than 100% is an underwriting
profit. Members’ agent An underwriting agent appointed by a
member to provide services and perform duties including
Corporate member A company incorporated with limited
advising the member on which syndicates they should
liability, a Scottish limited partnership or a limited liability
participate.
partnership, admitted to membership of the Society.
Name A member of the Society who is an individual and who
Corporation The Corporation of Lloyd’s provides the licences
trades on an unlimited basis.
and other facilities that enable business to be underwritten on
a worldwide basis by managing agents acting on behalf of New Central Fund The New Central Fund constituted by and
members. governed by the New Central Fund Byelaw (No. 23 of 1996).
Council The Council, created by the Lloyd’s Act 1982, has the Non-technical account Under UK GAAP the profit and loss
management and superintendence of the affairs of the account must be divided between the technical account and
Society and the power to regulate and direct the business of the non-technical account. Reported in the latter is all
insurance at Lloyd’s. investment return, although an element will be reanalysed to
the technical account, and any income and expenses that do
not arise directly from the entity’s underwriting activity.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 168

Strategic Report Market Results Society Report Other Information
Premium trust funds (PTF) The premiums and other monies Syndicate allocated capacity In relation to a syndicate, the
that members receive in respect of their underwriting at aggregate of the member’s syndicated premium limits of all
Lloyd’s are held by their managing agents in trust for them, the members for the time being of the syndicate.
subject to the discharge of their underwriting liabilities.
Syndicate in a box A member, or group of members,
The premium trust funds comprise a sterling fund, Lloyd’s underwriting insurance business at Lloyd’s and has met
American Trust Fund, Lloyd’s Dollar Trust Funds, Lloyd’s certain criteria for adjusted participation and entry
Canadian Trust Fund and the Lloyd’s Asia Trust Funds (which requirements for the first three years of underwriting.
cover general business written through coverholders in
Technical account Under UK GAAP the profit and loss account
Singapore). These premium trust funds are available to fund
must be divided between the technical account and the non-
overseas regulatory deposits, claims, return premiums,
technical account. The technical account reports the results
underwriting expenses and any profit that is payable to the
of the underwriting activity, premiums less claims, less
member after providing for all future liabilities.
expenses; and also includes an element of the investment
Price changes on renewal business These are calculated as return reanalysed from the non-technical account.
current year insurance premium less prior year insurance
Underwriting result A measure of the profitability of an
premium, expressed as a proportion of prior year insurance
insurer’s underwriting activity. It is calculated as earned
premium, where the policy coverage and wording are held
premiums net of reinsurance less net operating expenses and
consistent.
claims incurred net of reinsurance.
Prior years’ reserve movements These are calculated as
Year of account The year to which a risk is allocated and to
movements in reserves established for claims that occurred in
which all premiums and claims in respect of that risk are
previous accident years.
attributed. The year of account of a risk is usually determined
Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) The PRA is responsible by the calendar year in which the risk incepts. A year of
for the prudential regulation and supervision of banks, building account is normally closed by reinsurance to close at the end
societies, credit unions, insurers and major investment firms. of 36 months.
The Society and managing agents are regulated by the PRA.
Realistic Disaster Scenarios (RDS) A series of scenarios, both
natural and man-made, which are used to assess the market’s
Useful links
risk profile to a variety of different catastrophes enables
better risk management practices within Lloyd’s. To find out more about Lloyd’s, visit:
Lloyd’s Corporation
Reinsurance to close (RITC) A reinsurance agreement under
which members of a syndicate for a year of account to be www.lloyds.com/corporation
closed are reinsured by members who comprise that or Lloyd’s governance
another syndicate for a later year of account against all
www.lloyds.com/governance
liabilities arising out of insurance business written by the
Lloyd’s capital structure and chain of security
reinsured syndicate.
www.lloyds.com/capitalstructure
Reinsurance to close (RITC) syndicate A syndicate set up
Lloyd’s impact on society
solely to underwrite the reinsurance to close of other
(including Lloyd’s Sustainability Reporting)
syndicates.
www.lloyds.com/sustainability
Return on capital A measure of overall profitability. It is the
Lloyd’s diversity and inclusion
ratio of results for the year before tax to the average of
opening and closing total capital and reserves. www.lloyds.com/diversityinclusion
Lloyd’s gender and ethnicity pay gap reports
Service company A wholly owned subsidiary of either a
managing agent or of a managing agent’s holding company www.lloyds.com/paygapreports
and which is authorised to enter into contracts of insurance Full glossary of terms
for members of its associated syndicate and/or associated www.lloyds.com/glossary
insurance companies.
Solvency ratio The measure of an insurer’s solvency based on
the ratio by which the net assets for solvency purposes
exceed the solvency requirement.
Special Purpose Arrangement (SPA) A syndicate set up solely
to underwrite a quota share reinsurance of another
syndicate’s business for a year of account. Printed in the UK on Essential
Velvet which is derived from
Syndicate A member, or group of members, underwriting sustainable sources.
insurance business at Lloyd’s through the agency of a
Manufactured at a mill certified
managing agent.
to both ISO 14001 and FSC®
accredited.
Lloyd’s Annual Report 2024 169

lloyds.com/fullyearresults2024