# Source: https://assets.lloyds.com/media/406289ac-37bf-498d-ada3-c28f1b2a08d0/Lloyds%20AR%202014.pdf
# Extracted: 2025-12-09T20:19:39.355290
# PDF: market_commentary_data\pdfs\lloyds_official\lloyds_annual_report_2014.pdf
# Length: 500734 characters
#======================================================================

2014 at a Glance 01
Chairman’s Statement 02
Chief Executive’s Statement 03
Timeline 04
Strategic Report Introduction 07
How Lloyd’s Works – The Lloyd’s Market 08
How Lloyd’s Works – Market Structure 10
How Lloyd’s Works – Chain of Security 14
How Lloyd’s Works – Benefits of Lloyd’s to Market Participants 15
Performance – Operating Environment 16
Performance – Key Performance Indicators 21
Performance – Viewpoints 25
Annual Report
Strategic Review – Vision 2025 30
2014 Risk Management 34
Global Corporate Social Responsibility 40
Talent 42
Market Performance 2014 Highlights 45
Market Performance Review 46
Market Results Statement of Council’s Responsibilities and Report of
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to the Council of Lloyd’s
on the 2014 Pro Forma Financial Statements 57
Pro Forma Profit and Loss Account 58
Pro Forma Balance Sheet 59
Pro Forma Cash Flow Statement 60
Notes to the Pro Forma Financial Statements 61
Security Underlying Policies Issued at Lloyd’s 70
Society Report Introduction 75
Financial Highlights 76
Corporate Governance 77
Internal Control Statement 94
Report of the Remuneration Committee 96
Report of the Audit Committee 113
Report of the Lloyd’s Members’ Ombudsman 115
Financial Review 116
Statement of the Council of Lloyd’s Responsibilities
for the Financial Statements 122
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members
of the Society of Lloyd’s 123
Group Income Statement 128
Notes to the Financial Statements 133
Five Year Summary 172
Appendix Managing Agents and Syndicates 173
Glossary of Terms 175

2014 was an outstanding year for the Lloyd’s market with
profits of £3.2bn, combined ratio was 88.1% and return
on capital was 14.7%. Lloyd’s capital position was further
strengthened with net assets of £23.5bn. Lloyd’s ratings
were reaffirmed at A+ with Standard & Poor’s, A with
A.M. Best and upgraded to AA- with Fitch Ratings.

Lloyd’s in numbers
Lloyd’s accepts business from
94 219
over 200 countries and territories
worldwide. Licences in over 75
jurisdictions, supported by a
network of local offices and
coverholders across the world,
Syndicates Brokers
ensure access to insurance
markets large and small.
3872
Coverholders
327
Years of underwriting experience

Lloyd's class breakdown by region Lloyd’s capacity by source and location
6 1
US and Other United Rest of
Canada Americas Kingdom Europe
5
Reinsurance 24% 74% 26% 34%
Property 35% 6% 23% 17%
Casualty 21% 8% 21% 19%
Marine 7% 5% 6% 18%
Energy 9% 5% 3% 6%
Motor 2% 1% 20% 2%
Aviation 2% 1% 1% 4%
Total GWP 44% 8% 18% 15%
Central Rest of Total
Asia & the World for all
Asia Regions 4
Pacific
Reinsurance 45% 62% 34%
Property 16% 9% 25%
Casualty 25% 10% 20%
Marine 8% 8% 8%
Energy 3% 3% 6%
2
Motor 1% 3% 5%
Aviation 2% 5% 2%
Total GWP 11% 4% 1 00%
1 30% UK listed and other corporate
2 24% Worldwide insurance industry
3 22% US insurance industry
4 13% Bermudian insurance industry
5 9% Individual members (limited liability)
6 2% Individual members (unlimited liability) 3

Financial Highlights
2014
— Lloyd’s made a profit of £3,161m (2013: £3,205m). — Gross written premium of £25,283m (2013: £25,615m).
At a Glance
— Combined ratio of 88.1% (2013: 86.8%). — Capital, reserves and subordinated loan notes stand
at £23,471m (2013: £21,107m).
The pro forma financial statements (PFFS) are Gross written premium* Result before tax
prepared so that the financial results of Lloyd’s
and its members taken together and their net £m £m
assets can be compared as closely as possible with
general insurance companies. The PFFS include the 2010 22,425 2010 2,195
aggregate of syndicate annual accounts (Aggregate 2011 23,337 2011 (516)
Accounts), members’ funds at Lloyd’s (FAL) and
the Society of Lloyd’s financial statements. 2012 25,173 2012 2,771
2013 25,615 2013 3,205
2014 25,283 2014 3,161
To read more on the financial results Capital, reserves and subordinated debt and securities Central assets*
see page 45
£m £m
The Aggregate Accounts are 2010 19,121 2010 2,377
reported as a separate document
and can be found at: 2011 19,114 2011 2,388
lloyds.com/annualresults
2012 20,193 2012 2,485
2013 21,107 2013 2,384
2014 23,471 2014 2,578
Return on capital Combined ratio
% %
2010 12.1 2010 93.3
2011 (2.8) 2011 106.8
2012 14.8 2012 91.1
2013 16.2 2013 86.8
2014 14.7 2014 88.1
* See Glossary on pages 175-176

Chairman’s Statement 02
Chairman’s Statement I am very pleased to be able
to report that 2014 was another outstanding year for
the Lloyd’s market. Profits were £3.2bn, the combined
ratio was 88.1% and the return on capital was 14.7%.
John Nelson
Chairman
These excellent results were achieved against the backdrop has recently been passed to enable Lloyd’s to operate) and
of continuing extremely low interest rates and softening Turkey, and to expand Lloyd’s trading rights in Malaysia
premium rates, counter balanced by a second consecutive and Colombia. The continued development of business
year of few major claims on the Lloyd’s market. Lloyd’s in our established markets of North America, Europe and
financial position remains strong. Our rating strength with Australasia remains of fundamental importance.
Fitch is AA-, Standard & Poor’s A+, and A with A.M. Best. 2014 brought a considerable increase in workload for
As you will read in this annual report, while Lloyd’s the Franchise Board, driven by changing market conditions,
has some great opportunities it is also facing a number of the development and implementation of our strategy, and
challenges. First, is the challenge of excess capital, partly regulation - not least Solvency II. I want to thank the
caused by low interest rates, coming into the industry – Board members for the effort and commitment they
lowering premium rates and in part changing the way have made.
in which business is being structured, particularly in John Parry succeeded Luke Savage as Director of
reinsurance. Maintaining underwriting discipline in these Finance during the course of the year. I warmly welcome
conditions is important and is something which the him into this role and thank Luke for ten years of Lloyd’s
Franchise Board and the Council are focused upon. service. Dominic Christian, Karen Green and Fred Hu
Second, in order to retain and strengthen its global joined the Council, and we said goodbye to Graham White
competitiveness, we must ensure that the Lloyd’s platform (previously Deputy Chairman) and Nick Marsh. I want
becomes more efficient and user friendly. We are now to pay a particular tribute to Graham for his tremendous
making good progress in modernising our platform. I feel support to Lloyd’s over many years; he has been a loyal
we have real momentum with excellent collaboration across figure at Lloyd’s and has always given wise counsel.
the market, both with managing agents and brokers. Andrew Kendrick will retire from the Franchise Board
Third, the current global economic picture is mixed. at the end of this month; I thank him and Nick Marsh
While we are seeing strengthening levels of economic for their support and commitment. Joy Griffiths, Sean
growth in the US and in the UK, in continental Europe the McGovern and John Parry joined the Franchise Board
picture is subdued. Insurance penetration in the developing in 2014.
markets remains low; volumes are growing at lower rates I would also like to commend our Chief Executive,
than previously but are still higher than the developed Inga Beale, and her team for the work they are doing on
economies. behalf of the market. The managing agents and brokers
Lloyd’s makes great efforts to communicate the continue to demonstrate their extraordinary support
economic and social benefits of increasing insurance and enthusiasm for the Lloyd’s market. For this I am
penetration to the governments of these countries. truly grateful.
We particularly emphasise the value of international Finally, we had the great honour of a visit
diversification of their insurance markets leading to greater by Her Majesty The Queen, accompanied by the
and sustainable economic growth. Duke of Edinburgh, to the Lloyd’s building in March
Part of Vision 2025, our long-term strategy, is 2014. It was an uplifting day, which all of us will remember
improving global access. We are making excellent progress. for a long time.
We obtained a branch licence in Beijing and permission
to open our platform in Dubai and a representative office
in Mexico City. We are also working hard on opening
up new markets particularly in India (where legislation
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Chief Executive’s Statement 03
Chief Executive’s Statement The Lloyd’s partnership –
the bond between the market and Corporation –
is imperative and lies at the heart of our tradition,
identity and success.
Inga Beale
Chief Executive
In the past 12 months we have seen a renewed spirit of average time taken by Lloyd’s to agree a claims transaction
collaboration between the market and the Corporation. to 11 days. The publication in November 2014 of London
This partnership has been most evident in the work on new Matters, a report commissioned by the London Market
conduct standards and our modernisation agenda. It has Group, helped us further scrutinise the competitive
also been plain to see in preparations for the new Solvency advantages of the London market. We are committed
II regulations which are due to come into force on 1 January to playing our role as part of a flourishing insurance
2016. We have been working on Solvency II for the past sector and a thriving UK economy. Our own Vision
eight years; our efforts intensified during 2014 and will 2025 plan precisely addresses these challenges and
continue throughout 2015. Securing approval for our opportunities.
internal model in support of these new capital requirements North America remains the largest market for Lloyd’s
is a key objective. and we saw growth again here in 2014.
In 2014, three new syndicates joined Lloyd’s, each one Our global story finds voice in our talent strategy.
bringing particular benefits. The market also welcomed three We are determined that Lloyd’s should reflect the world in
new special purpose syndicates. These are proving a popular which we operate, that we continue to attract the brightest
way for existing and new capital providers, particularly from and best to the market and that the background and
developing markets, to participate in Lloyd’s. perspectives of our people match those of our customers
In the wider industry, a persistent imbalance between and the geographies in which we transact. The 2014 launch
@
capital and risk is triggering increased competition, making of our diversity agenda, Inclusion Lloyd’s, was a rallying
organic growth difficult. In this context it is unsurprising cry for the market and so far 90% of managing agents have
that there has been a spike in M&A activity; the same signed up to its charter.
happened in the mid to late 1990s. We expect this trend We will continue our engagement with brokers and
to continue through 2015 and accept the gauntlet that this underwriters around the world to ensure Lloyd’s remains
consolidation throws down – to protect and promote the at the forefront of innovation in the sector – whether that’s
diversity of the Lloyd’s market. It is for the Corporation developing new products such as cyber or improving
and the market to ensure Lloyd’s remains the best place process efficiency.
for writing specialty insurance and reinsurance business, Innovation is the natural response to new challenges.
and that existing and new customers around the world All that Lloyd’s has seen, all that it has lived through
know that. during the past 327 years, only serves to remind us that
During 2014 we set out eight strategic priorities that in this world, change is the only certainty.
we believe to be critical to our future success as a business:
Market Oversight, Ease of Doing Business, Market Access,
Capital, Innovation, Talent, Brand and Global Corporate
Social Responsibility. You will find a commentary and
update on progress against these priorities in the later pages
of this report. They are our lodestars, not for putting up
on a dusty shelf but to be used every day.
Taking an example, if we look at Ease of Doing
Business, we are refreshing the central services which the
market relies upon. During 2014, we completed the Claims
Transformation Programme; this has brought down the
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Timeline 04
2014
Key Events
—
January Inga Beale joined Lloyd’s
27/01
as Chief Executive Officer
—
March 2013 result of £3.2bn profit
26/03
announced HM The Queen visited
—
27/03
Lloyd’s May Lloyd’s secured new
trading rights in Poland, Denmark,
—
14/05
Sweden and Colombia June Fitch
upgraded Lloyd’s financial strength
—
10/06
rating to AA- July Shirine
Khoury-Haq joined Lloyd’s as
07/07
Director, Operations Legislation
passed granting Lloyd’s surplus lines
—
15/07
eligibility in Kentucky September
The Chinese government awarded
Lloyd’s a licence to establish a
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Timeline 05
15/09
branch office in Beijing
£1.7bn profit for six months of
—
25/09
2014 announced October Lloyd’s
Limited Dubai was granted a
commercial licence and certificate
13/10
of incorporation Society of Lloyd’s
27/10
issued £500m subordinated bond
Standard & Poor’s affirmed Lloyd’s
financial strength rating at A+
with outlook revised from positive
—
14/10
to stable November Lloyd’s
received approval to open a
24/11
representative office in Mexico
—
December John Parry appointed
11/12
as Director, Finance
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

cigetartS
tropeR
Introduction 07
How Lloyd’s Works
The Lloyd’s Market 08
Market Structure 10
Chain of Security 14
Benefits of Lloyd’s to
Market Participants 15
Performance
Operating Environment 16
Key Performance Indicators 21
Viewpoints 25
Strategic Review
Vision 2025 30
Risk Management 34
Global Corporate Social
Responsibility 40
Talent 42

Strategic Report 07
The following pages present the Corporation’s
strategic report in relation to the Lloyd’s market.
The Lloyd’s market comprises members underwriting
through syndicates supported by the Society of
Lloyd’s, including the Central Fund. The interests
of the Lloyd’s market and the Society are interlinked
and therefore this report refers to both.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 08
How Lloyd’s Works
The Lloyd’s Market
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 09
As at 31 December 2014, the Lloyd’s market consisted of 94 syndicates managed
by 59 managing agents. The scope of specialist broking and underwriting expertise
found together under the Lloyd’s umbrella is unique.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 10
How Lloyd’s Works
Market Structure
The structure of Lloyd’s creates a market based
on trusted relationships and expertise.
Market structure Distribution
Most of the business written at Lloyd’s is brought Brokers
by brokers to specialist underwriters who price and
underwrite these risks. Policyholders across the world Lloyd’s is a broker market, with brokers involved in all
may access the Lloyd’s market via a broker, coverholder distribution channels. The majority of business written
or a service company. at Lloyd’s is placed through brokers who facilitate
the risk-transfer process between clients (policyholders)
Members – Providing the capital and underwriters. Lloyd’s has strong relationships with
both large and smaller specialist brokers.
The capital, which enables the syndicates’ underwriting,
is provided by members of Lloyd’s. This capital is backed Coverholders – Offering local access to Lloyd’s
by many of the world’s major insurance groups, listed
companies, individuals and limited partnerships, with A coverholder is a business authorised by a managing
corporate groups providing the majority of the capital for agent to accept insurance risks on behalf of a syndicate.
the Lloyd’s market. Members’ agents provide advice and They are a vital distribution channel, offering a local
administrative services to members as needed. route to Lloyd’s in many insurance markets around
the world. In 2014, Lloyd’s had 3,872 coverholders.
Syndicates – Writing the insurance Its largest coverholder markets are currently the
US, Canada, Europe and Australia, but Lloyd’s
A Lloyd’s syndicate is formed by one or more members coverholders can be found as far afield as Chile, Tahiti
joining together to accept insurance risks. Most syndicates and South Africa.
write a range of classes of business but many will have
areas of specific expertise. Much of this business involves A service company operates like a coverholder but
face-to-face negotiations between brokers and underwriters is a wholly owned subsidiary of a managing agent
in the underwriting room of the Lloyd’s building or its group. Unlike a coverholder, a service company
in London, where most syndicates trade. Syndicates are, is able to sub-delegate underwriting authority to other
technically, set up on an annual basis. In practice, they coverholders. There are 321 service companies, with
usually operate from year to year with members having the majority in the UK and the US.
the right, but not the obligation, to participate in
Policyholders
syndicates the following year. These ongoing operations
allow for a strong level of continuity in the capital which
backs syndicates, meaning they function like permanent Businesses, organisations, other insurers and individuals
insurance operations under the Lloyd’s umbrella. from around the world want to protect themselves against
potential risks. In larger businesses and organisations,
Managing agents – Managing the syndicates risk managers are responsible for managing business
risks. They manage the relationship with a broker and
A managing agent is a company set up to manage one or organise the purchase of insurance, which is one way
more syndicates on behalf of the members who provide the of mitigating potential risks. Those wishing to purchase
capital. Managing agents have responsibility for employing insurance may access the Lloyd’s market via a broker,
underwriters, overseeing their underwriting and managing coverholder or service company.
the infrastructure and day-to-day operations.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 11
How the market works (Figure 1)
The Lloyd’s Market
Business Flow Capital Flow
Policyholder Distribution Managing Agents Members
Channel
Syndicates
– Brokers
– Coverholders
The Corporation of Lloyd’s
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 12
How Lloyd’s Works
Market Structure continued
Corporation of Lloyd’s Managing insurance risk
Supporting the market Each syndicate sets its own appetite for risk, develops
a business plan, arranges its reinsurance protection and
The Corporation of Lloyd’s (the Corporation) oversees manages its exposures and claims. The Corporation
the market, provides processing services and promotes reviews and agrees business plans, monitors compliance
the Lloyd’s brand. This includes the management against Lloyd’s minimum standards and evaluates
of Lloyd’s network of international licences. syndicates’ performance against their plans. Syndicates
The Corporation’s Executive Team exercises the day- can only underwrite in accordance with their agreed
to-day powers and functions of the Council of Lloyd’s business plans. If they fail to do so, Lloyd’s can take
(the Council) and the Franchise Board. At the end a range of actions including, as a last resort, stopping
of 2014, the Corporation and its subsidiaries had a syndicate underwriting.
949 staff.
As well as providing services to support the efficient
running of the market, the Corporation works to
continue to raise standards and improve performance
across two main areas:
–
Overall risk and performance management
of the market.
–
Maintaining and developing the market’s
attractiveness to capital providers, distributors
and clients, while preserving its diversity and
London-based model.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 13
Lloyd’s capacity by source and location (Figure 2)
2014
Individual members (unlimited liability) 2% US insurance industry 22%
Individual members (limited liability) 9% Bermudian insurance industry 13%
UK listed and other corporate 30% Worldwide insurance industry 24%
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
100%
0%
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 14
How Lloyd’s Works
Chain of Security
The Chain of Security Link three – Lloyd’s central assets
Lloyd’s capital structure, often referred to as the The central assets are available, at the discretion of the
Chain of Security, provides excellent financial security Council of Lloyd’s, to meet any valid claim that cannot
to policyholders and capital efficiency for members. be met from the resources of any member further up
The Chain of Security provides the financial strength the chain.
that ultimately backs insurance policies written at Lloyd’s
and the common security that underpins the market’s Should the first link need additional funds, the second
ratings and licence network. Lloyd’s Chain of Security link ensures members have additional resources available.
has three links: In the rare event that these two links are insufficient,
the third link, available at the discretion of the Council,
Link one – Syndicate assets provides further back-up to members to ensure valid
claims are paid.
All premiums received by syndicates are held in trust
Lloyd’s ratings
as the first resource for paying policyholders’ claims.
Until all liabilities have been provided for, no profits
can be released. Every year, each syndicate’s reserves for All Lloyd’s syndicates benefit from Lloyd’s central
future liabilities are independently audited and receive resources, including the Lloyd’s brand, its global licences
an actuarial review. and the Central Fund. As all Lloyd’s policies are backed
by this common security, a single market rating can
Link two – Members’ funds at Lloyd’s be applied. Lloyd’s financial strength ratings apply
to all policies issued by Lloyd’s syndicates since 1993.
Each member, whether corporate or individual, must
provide sufficient capital to support their underwriting Three of the world’s leading insurance rating agencies –
at Lloyd’s. Each syndicate produces an Individual Capital Standard & Poor’s, Fitch Ratings and A.M. Best –
Assessment (ICA) stating how much capital it requires validate Lloyd’s robust capitalisation and the market’s
to cover its underlying business risks at a 99.5% financial strength.
confidence level. The Corporation reviews each
syndicate’s ICA to assess the adequacy of the proposed
capital level. When agreed, each ICA is then ‘uplifted’
to ensure there is sufficient capital to support Lloyd’s
ratings and financial strength. This uplifted ICA is
known as the syndicate’s Economic Capital Assessment
and drives members’ capital levels. Each member’s capital
is held in trust for the benefit of policyholders, but is not
available for the liabilities of other members.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 1155
Benefits of Lloyd’s to market participants (Figure 3)
Market access Security and ratings Capital advantages Central processes
and services
Access to major insurance Excellent financial security Capital efficient framework Infrastructure supporting
markets and an expanding underpinned by Lloyd’s driven by the benefits the subscription market
l icensing network. Chain of Security and strong of mutuality. and the provision of tax
ratings capable of attracting and regulatory reporting.
specialist insurance business. Other central services
(lobbying) and the ability
to benefit from a Solvency
II ready environment.
Product offering Claims payment Underwriting Market oversight
expertise
Access to a wide range A reputation for paying all Access to specialist A proportionate but
of specialist and bespoke valid claims in a timely and underwriting expertise robust market oversight
(re)insurance solutions. efficient manner. and innovation. regime consistent with
an innovative and
entrepreneurial culture.
Brand strength and reputation
The benefits of Lloyd’s are underpinned by Lloyd’s leading global brand and reputation.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 16
Performance
Operating Environment
2014: The macro picture What this meant for insurance
2014 was a year defined by sharp headlines and A low interest rate environment and flat levels of
geopolitical uncertainty. The rise of Islamic State and government expenditure globally continued to drive
tensions in Ukraine were front of mind. The social and down the number of new insurable assets. Meanwhile,
economic impacts of the Ebola outbreak in West Africa a number of governments imposed protectionist
moved to the centre of the global agenda while a stream measures, impeding cross border trade flows.
of cyber attacks brought issues of privacy and security
centre stage. Competition within the insurance industry intensified
with capital, including from alternative sources such
The world economy grew in 2014 but in a piecemeal way; as hedge funds and institutional investors, gravitating
widespread fragility continued to foster a low interest rate to insurance in the search for elusive returns. Greater
environment. Central bank policy diverged as the US consolidation is expected during 2015 with a rise in
Federal Reserve brought an end to quantitative easing M&A activity across the industry.
(QE) while the Bank of Japan expanded its QE programme.
Prices in most classes remained under pressure,
Concern about the strength of the Eurozone persisted; in challenging profitability in an environment of reduced
early-2015 the European Central Bank kept its promise investment income. While the past two years have seen
and kicked off its own QE programme, seeking to avoid relatively benign insured catastrophe experience, the long
a third recession in seven years. term trend is for an increasing frequency and severity
of catastrophe claims and rising underwriting exposures.
The US recovery during 2014 provided a fillip to global
confidence with an annual growth rate of 3% during In order to generate appropriate returns for shareholders,
the previous 18 months and over 2.5 million new jobs the consensus is that prices need to rise to reflect increased
created, the highest number for eight years. The UK exposures and risks in the market and the pressures on
recorded its strongest year of growth since before the investment income. However, excess capital and intense
financial crisis though growth slowed slightly during competition make broad based price increases unlikely.
the fourth quarter.
The prevailing environment means managing agents
Growth rates in developing economies fell during 2014 must be nimble and flexible, showing a willingness to
though were still forecast to grow an average of three innovate in terms of distribution and new markets while
percentage points faster than the developed economies. maintaining underwriting discipline.
Emerging Asia continued to be the fastest growing
region globally albeit with slowing growth in the Chinese
economy. Any downturn in China promises to have
a profound impact on the developing economies yet
Chinese consumption data remains compelling – the
country has used more cement in the last three and
a half years than the US did in the last 100 years.
Commodities faced a torrid time in 2014; the most
extreme sign of this was the plunging price of oil in the
final quarter of the year after nearly five years of stability.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 17
Lloyd’s ratings as at 31 December 2014 (Figure 4)
A Standard & Poor’s: A+ (Strong)
B Fitch Ratings: AA– (Very Strong)
C A.M. Best: A (Excellent)
A
A+
B
A A-
C
A
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 18
Performance
Operating Environment
continued
Claims Regulation and capital strength
There were an unusually high number of aviation disasters From a regulatory standpoint, 2014 was dominated
in 2014. This included the tragic loss of Malaysia Airlines by ongoing preparations for Solvency II (See An update on
MH17, Malaysia Airlines MH370, Air Algerie AH5017, Solvency II on page 19). There has also been a growing trend
TransAsia GE222 and, in the closing days of 2014, for conduct supervision in the insurance sector focusing
AirAsia QZ8501. The fighting which raged at Tripoli on securing good outcomes for policyholders. During 2014,
Airport from 13 July 2014 also led to significant damage Lloyd’s worked closely with the London Market Association
to aircraft and property. Lloyd’s continues to respond (LMA) to produce a set of conduct risk standards tailored to
to these claims. the operation of the Lloyd’s market. The FCA welcomed the
effort to promote conduct standards and enhance consumer
There was an absence of natural catastrophes during the protection within the Lloyd’s market.
year and a strikingly quiet hurricane season in the North
Atlantic. The tropical cyclone season in the eastern In 2014, Standard & Poor’s and A.M. Best reaffirmed their
Pacific included a high number of storms though most rating for Lloyd’s, while Fitch Ratings raised its rating to AA-.
failed to make landfall. An exception was Hurricane
Odile in September which was the strongest tropical One advantage of the macro environment has been the
cyclone to strike Mexico’s Baja California peninsula since relatively low price charged by the capital markets to lend
modern record-keeping began. Wind speeds reached to insurers. This inspired Lloyd’s to further enhance
125mph and passed directly through the popular tourist its capital strength through the successful issue of
resorts of Cabo San Lucas, San Jose Del Cabo and a £500m ten-year subordinated bond in October 2014.
La Paz. For the Lloyd’s market, Hurricane Odile The new bond counts as Tier 2 capital and is being used
generated claims predominantly related to facultative to refinance two existing bonds. The issue allows Lloyd’s
reinsurance coverage. to create a stable form of capital which provides
additional flexibility under Solvency II capital
Premiums
requirements and in support of strategic initiatives.
Expanding the market
From 2010 to 2013, global non-life premium grew by
4% on average, compared with average GDP growth of
3%. Growth in non-life premium should continue to rise In response to demand from managing agents, the
in line with GDP growth which is forecast to average Corporation worked hard to establish a presence in
3.4% per year from 2014 to 2019 fuelled by developing Dubai during 2014. Nine Lloyd’s managing agents
market growth and a gradual increase in rates. have so far signed up to participate on the platform,
which opened in March 2015.
The importance of developing markets increased between
2007 and 2013, with the share of global non-life Elsewhere, Lloyd’s was granted a licence to open a
premium from Europe, US and Canada, and the UK branch in Beijing in September, and in November
decreasing from 81% to 74% over the period, while the received approval from the Mexican authorities to open
developing markets’ share increased from 19% to 26%. a representative office in Mexico City. New life insurance
licences in Denmark, Poland and Sweden, in addition
Between 2007 and 2013, UK premium shrank by 6%. to a Maritime, Aviation and Transport insurance licence
This decline may be attributed to the fall in 2008 due in Colombia were also secured. In July 2014, legislation
to the industry’s exposure to the economic downturn. was passed granting Lloyd’s surplus lines eligibility
A more positive economic outlook for the UK economy in Kentucky, completing Lloyd’s footprint across all
is likely to stimulate growth in the short term. 50 US states.
Reserve releases continue to benefit insurers’ combined During the year, Lloyd’s welcomed three new syndicates.
ratios, but with future releases expected to be lower than The first, AXIS Capital, is an existing insurance company
in the past and the soft underwriting environment, with a limited international operation that was attracted
insurers will need to focus on delivering positive to Lloyd’s by the promise of market access, international
underwriting results on an accident year basis to licence network and capital efficiency. The second, Dale
capture positive net outcome. Underwriting Partners , is a start-up operation headed by
a respected and experienced Lloyd’s underwriter backed by
private capital and a specialist insurer. The third syndicate,
Acappella, is an existing business which was incubated in
the Lloyd’s market as a special purpose syndicate.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 19
Lloyd’s in London Market modernisation
London is the largest global hub for commercial and Modernisation efforts designed to tackle some of the
specialty risk. The London market employs 34,000 people industry-wide inefficiencies cited in the London Matters
and represents a £60bn premium market contributing £30bn report as well as processes specific to the Lloyd’s market
to UK GDP which is 8% of the contribution for London continued in 2014. Important projects included:
as a whole and 21% of the contribution of the City.
–
In November 2014, the London Market Group (LMG) The Central Services Refresh Programme (CSRP)
and the Boston Consulting Group (BCG) published London which is designed to make it more efficient and easier
Matters: The Competitive Position of the London Insurance for brokers to do business at Lloyd’s. To modernise the
Market, the result of over 300 interviews with customers shared services provided to the market and, in the first
and market participants around the globe. The report phase, to eliminate a point of friction around
examined the current status and future prospects of the accounting and settlement, while removing two thirds
market, revealing that London’s position as the undisputed of London market inefficiencies as identified by the
global hub for commercial insurance is under threat. Lloyd’s broker community.
–
Concerns stated in the report included the fact that while The four year Claims Transformation Programme,
Gross Written Premium (GWP) for the London market designed to improve and accelerate the way the market
grew at 5% per annum in commercial insurance, this was handles claims, came to an end in December 2014.
only sufficient to retain global share at 10%. In reinsurance, Since the programme began there has been a 58%
the share of GWP fell from 15% to 13%. Much of improvement in the speed at which the relevant parties
Lloyd’s business still comes from its traditional markets agree a claim transaction, bringing the average time
in the UK, Europe and North America. Lloyd’s share of down from 25 days to 11. Efforts will now be made
high growth markets in Asia, Latin America and Africa to further improve this figure under the ongoing
fell from 3.2% in 2010 to 2.5% in 2013. market modernisation agenda.
An update on Solvency II
Visible on the horizon for many years, Solvency II is due Given the importance of securing the approval, Lloyd’s
to come into force on 1 January 2016. This EU legislative advised agents in July 2014 that it intended to impose
programme is designed to harmonise insurance regulatory prudential measures in the form of capital loadings where
regimes across all 28 EU member states, replacing the progress is inadequate. These have subsequently been
current system of 13 EU insurance directives. applied for the 2015 capital setting process.
Lloyd’s has been preparing for Solvency II since the late As the 2016 deadline approaches, preparations are also
2000s and further progress was achieved in 2014. At the being made to meet supervisory reporting and disclosure
heart of this work is the need to secure approval from requirements. In particular, Lloyd’s and other large insurers
the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) for the Lloyd’s must make interim disclosure submissions to their
Internal Model to set its regulatory solvency capital supervisor by the end of June 2015. To prepare for this,
requirement. Both the Corporation and the market need Lloyd’s conducted a market dry run in the autumn of 2014.
to meet Solvency II standards for this to be achieved.
Failure to secure approval could, in a worst-case scenario, Under Solvency II legislation, the decision to approve an
mean a significant and immediate increase in regulatory application must be made within six months of submission.
capital requirements with negative implications for capital Lloyd’s will continue to work closely with the PRA once the
efficiency and the reputation of Lloyd’s. formal review process begins, addressing queries and
providing further clarification as needed.
The Corporation liaised closely with the PRA during 2014
and there was also strong cooperation with each Contingency plans are in place should they be necessary
managing agent. The expectation is that the vast majority but it is hoped that the hard work of both the Corporation
of agents will have met Solvency II requirements by the and each managing agent will help ensure Lloyd’s Internal
time Lloyd’s makes its approval application to the PRA. Model approval.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 20
Performance
Operating Environment
continued
During 2014 the Corporation also worked with the Innovation
market to coordinate coverholder audits. Coverholders
with multiple Lloyd’s leads found they were being The risk landscape is continually changing, and this brings
subjected to multiple audits each year. A pilot process the need for insurance products to respond to new and
managed to secure agreement from underwriters emerging risks. 250 years ago almost everything insured
to appoint one auditor. By the end of the year, 981 at Lloyd’s was marine; now cover for classes of business
coordinated coverholder audits had been arranged such as cyber, supply chain and reputation are in growing
covering 2,391 individual relationships. This pilot has demand in all economies and countries around the world.
been well received and all managing agents have been
asked to join the coordination drive for 2015. The Lloyd’s market is working hard to create new products
to cover these risks. Modelling new, intangible threats can
Responding to the greater degree of focus now required be difficult but Lloyd’s is able to provide underwriting
on managing conduct risk, during 2014 Lloyd’s changed in the context of high growth economies and the digital
its oversight regime for UK coverholders writing revolution, just as it did during the UK’s industrial
predominantly retail business. They are now subject revolution.
to increased levels of oversight, specifically aimed
at ensuring the fair treatment of customers. These A prime example in 2014 was in the area of cyber threats.
substantial changes which included an update to the As high profile incidents of hacking and breaches of
intermediaries bylaw were achieved with extensive data emerged, Lloyd’s underwriters and brokers worked
market consultation and, despite the additional on identifying effective ways to cover cyber breaches.
compliance work required, have been well accepted. This included ongoing collaboration with the UK
government via a special committee and steering group.
Lloyd’s continued through 2014 to encourage managing This is undoubtedly a highly challenging area, the threats
agents to embrace straight through processing, where are intangible and Lloyd’s is working at the limits of a
data can populate the broker and syndicate systems from constantly evolving technological frontier. Challenges such
their coverholders with limited manual intervention – as cyber cover will continue to test Lloyd’s commitment to
this increases efficiencies and limits the scope for error. innovation; the importance of this area is reflected in the
Lloyd’s role is to identify and support this straight adoption of Innovation as a key pillar in the delivery of
through processing, through continual communication Vision 2025.
with all software providers, keeping stakeholders abreast
of potential solutions. In a further bid to reduce the
amount of paper used to transact business at Lloyd’s,
work was undertaken on The Exchange, a messaging hub
designed to reduce paper and speed up processes by
moving data around the marketplace. The work of the
Singapore Shared Service Centre which opened in late
2013 is also indicative of efforts to operate more
efficiently across the market.
Also to be noted is progress by Placing Platform Limited
(PPL). PPL was created to identify and enable a common
agreement with potential suppliers of electronic placing
platform services. The three participant organisations
of PPL - the International Underwriting Association, the
London and International Insurance Brokers’ Association,
and the Lloyd’s Market Association, requested PPL
to recommend a preferred supplier with a view to
purchasing a software license and associated services
to deliver electronic placing to the market. During
2014, the PPL completed a formal tender exercise across
the two potential solutions currently in live use in the
London market. PPL is now in the process of reporting
the findings of the tender to the three Market Associations
along with a recommendation for the preferred supplier.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 21
Performance
Key Performance Indicators — Corporation
Measuring performance at Lloyd’s Brand strength
Key performance indicators (KPIs) are used by the Definition
management team to evaluate both the Lloyd’s market
and the Society’s performance. Lloyd’s has a range Non-financial indicator – Independent brand tracking
of metrics used internally for tracking and managing survey of brokers, coverholders and policyholders run
performance. The KPIs shown here illustrate Lloyd’s biennially. The brand health score is a combination
financial performance and progress against delivery of scores for brand affinity, usage, and awareness.
of the strategy in 2014. The measure is an index that tracks relative changes
in perception over time.
Security and ratings
Rationale
Definition
A leading global brand and reputation helps managing
Lloyd’s financial strength as evaluated by the world’s agents win and retain preferred business.
leading insurance rating agencies, taking into account
operating performance, capitalisation, global Progress
competitiveness and financial flexibility.
Lloyd’s has maintained solid brand health in the
Rationale insurance sector overall, with consistently high scores
across brand measures (favourability scored a mean of 7.6
Indicates the financial robustness of Lloyd’s. out of ten and renewal likelihood 8.9 out of ten), however
a dip in unprompted insurance awareness has been noted
Progress which has contributed to the overall insurance score dip.
The reinsurance results remain strong with an overall two
Lloyd’s financial strength rating was upgraded by Fitch point increase. The next survey will take place in 2015
Ratings to AA- in 2014, representing Lloyd’s strongest and will be reported in the 2015 Annual Report.
rating to date. A.M. Best and Standard & Poor’s ratings
were both reaffirmed. The 2013 survey included responses from three new
countries, as a consequence, there were two sets of results
Lloyd’s is on positive outlook with A.M. Best and for brand health in 2013. 2013 (a) illustrates the results
on stable outlook with Standard & Poor’s and Fitch. of all 16 countries surveyed. 2013 (b) represents the
overall scores of the 13 countries included in both the
2013 and 2011 surveys.
Standard & Poor’s A+
Index scores
Fitch Ratings AA-
A.M. Best A 2013b † Reinsurance 66
Insurance 60
2013a Reinsurance 68
Insurance 61
2011 Reinsurance 66
Insurance 70
† Exc. India, Mexico and Turkey
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 22
Performance
Key Performance Indicators — Capital Security
Lloyd’s Chain of Security (Figure 5)
Several assets First Link Syndicate level assets
£45,139m
Second Link Members’ funds at Lloyd’s
£15,704m
Mutual assets Third Link Central Fund Callable layer
£1,590m £779m
Corporation
£103m
Subordinated debt/
securities
£885m
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 23
Analysis of mutual net assets for solvency (Figure 6)
£m
2,815 3,028 3,091 3,185 3,125 3,245
3,500
3,000
2,500
2,000
1,500
1,000
500
0
2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
2012 2013 2014
Corporation and Central Fund net assets 1,547 1,616 1,581
Callable layer 745 788 779
Subordinated debt issued 2004 and 2014 503 330 497
Subordinated perpetual securities issued 2007 390 391 388
Solvency deficit 94 34 19
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 24
Performance
Key Performance Indicators — Capital Security
continued
Strategic performance
Solvency deficit Cost of mutuality
— Definition: The aggregate shortfalls — Definition: Central Fund contribution
for all members where the member’s rate charged to members.
assets are insufficient to cover its — Rationale: Medium-term cost indicator
underwriting liabilities and member for the operational efficiency of
capital requirement. mutually available assets. Lower
— Rationale: Indication of success at is better.
mitigating Central Fund exposure. — Progress: The 2014 contribution rate
Lower is better. of 0.5% of GWP continues to represent
— Progress: Solvency deficits decreased a cost-effective benefit of mutuality:
further in the year with no new the rate for 2015 remains at 0.5%.
exposures to the Central Fund.
£m %
2010 123 2010 0.5
2011 115 2011 0.5
2012 94 2012 0.5
2013 34 2013 0.5
2014 19 2014 0.5
Market performance
Combined ratio Investment return Pre-tax return on capital
— Definition: The combined ratio is an — Definition: Net investment income — Definition: Profits on ordinary
expression of net incurred claims plus realised and unrealised return activities before tax as a proportion
and expenses against net earned on investments as a percentage of average capital and reserves held.
premium. Any figure that is less of average total investments. — Rationale: Indicates the capital
than 100% signifies a technical — Rationale: Investment return can efficiency of Lloyd’s. The goal of
underwriting profit. have a significant impact on overall the Franchise Board and Council is
— Rationale: Headline financial indicator profitability for (re)insurers. to support the market in monitoring
for measuring underwriting — Progress: The return of 2.0% reflects cross-cycle returns to all capital
performance. Lower is better. the continued low interest rate providers.
— Progress: 2014 saw another benign environment but assisted by capital — Progress: An excellent return, though
natural catastrophe year and gains arising from a further drop higher capital requirements reflect
sustained robust reserve releases. in yields. the increasingly challenging market
conditions.
% % %
2010 93.3 2010 2.6 2010 12.1
2011 106.8 2011 1.9 2011 (2.8)
2012 91.1 2012 2.6 2012 14.8
2013 86.8 2013 1.6 2013 16.2
2014 88.1 2014 2.0 2014 14.7
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 25
Performance
Viewpoints
Five members of the Lloyd’s Executive Team cast
their minds back over 2014, and look forward
to 2015 to explore prevailing issues for Lloyd’s,
and for the insurance industry.
Keeping a Weather Eye Tom Bolt, Director,
Performance Management The Time is Now
Shirine Khoury-Haq, Director, Operations
A Question of Trust Sean McGovern, Chief Risk
Officer and General Counsel The Right Mix
John Parry, Director, Finance A Global Imperative
V incent Vandendael, Director, Global Markets
LLllooyydd’’ss AAnnnnuuaall RReeppoorrtt —— 22001144

Strategic Report 26
Tom Bolt
As the world continues to shift and change we hope that by
Director, Performance staying ahead of and involved in new risk categories Lloyd’s
Management
will retain its role as the market-leading solutions provider,
as has been the case for so many hundreds of years.
One of the most courageous things we can do in this
current macro environment is to find the freedom to say
‘no’ where appropriate. To examine a risk and turn it down
in a competitive market takes some grit. In the final third
of 2014 the difficulty of navigating a softening market
increased with growing pressure on underwriters to pick
their spots. This meant fully appreciating and
understanding the concessions being given and having the
guts to walk away if necessary. Many syndicates are doing
this, but the market’s perseverance in sensibly addressing
these pressures will be key to achieving a good result
in 2015.
We will keep looking at ways to make the market
more effective. During 2014 we stepped up our focus on
wordings. The Lloyd’s market issues over 177,000 contracts
a year. We need to be confident of the implications and
meanings of the wordings used. Together with the Lloyd’s
Market Association, the Corporation has begun to take
a number of steps to improve the quality of wordings.
Lloyd’s has weathered soft markets and difficult times
before. The maintenance of a disciplined approach, making
commercial concessions only where sensible, will separate
the winners from the losers as we go forward.
Shirine Khoury-Haq
Keeping a Weather Eye Director, Operations
While 2014 was a good
year because the earth didn’t
shake and the wind didn’t
blow, you still have to run
a business pretty well to let
the good luck flow through.
Our positive experience in recent years has made it possible
to focus on experience versus exposure. With portions of
the world economy on the rebound, market members will
ignore increasing exposures at their peril. Market Oversight
is one of the eight objectives of our Vision 2025 plan. It
means acting with discipline as we pursue our performance
management, risk management and capital setting activities;
it means balancing realism with optimism.
Pressures mounted in 2014. An extraordinary amount
of capital continued to flow into global markets and low
investment rates persisted with virtually no investment
income. We saw increasing concentration in our distribution
The Time is Now
channels and difficulties within broker business models that
had a knock-on effect on the Corporation’s relationships.
We are absolutely committed to working with brokers to One of the key challenges
identify better ways of helping them service their business
without overburdening underwriters on cost.
to market modernisation
We kept an eye on opportunities for thoughtful
innovation and investigated opportunities in emerging risk
as well as in emerging territories. An example of this has is a tendency towards
been the increasing involvement of Lloyd’s in cyber
insurance. With all great opportunities come great threats.
complacency.
The importance of maintaining our understanding of
aggregate exposures in this risk class cannot be overstated.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 27
Sean McGovern
It makes me think of frogs sitting comfortably in what
they suppose is a warm bath, but is actually a pot on top Chief Risk Officer
and General Counsel
of a hot stove, slowly coming to the boil. By the time we
realise there is a problem it could be too late. By then the
best we can expect is consolidation and the worst, an
irreversible decline of market share.
There is clear value in clusters of market specialism
delivering benefits greater than the sum of their parts as
noted by the recent London Market Group London Matters
report. If we can be clear about what drives individual
competitive advantage in our market, and if we can be
equally clear about what will bring value to the cluster but
not the individual organisation, we can demonstrate the
benefits of market modernisation and shared global services.
What has not been done effectively to date is
to demonstrate these benefits to the market. If we are
to be successful, we must articulate an operational vision
at a level of detail that CEOs and boards can clearly
understand. We must define the changes to be made by the
market and individual firms, and by when. Only then can
plans be effectively implemented and the transformations
we require take place.
We are currently in the process of building this vision
for the London Market and for Lloyd’s global operations
in time for organisations to include required actions in their
plans for 2016 and beyond.
In 2015, our focus will be on the implementation of
the market modernisation vision and plan. This will include:
–
Delivering and testing the base process and technology
functionality for the Central Services Refresh A Question of Trust
Programme in preparation for roll out in 2016.
–
Working with the market to implement electronic
The regulatory affairs
placement.
–
Beginning to build data management capability for
our global markets. team at Lloyd’s seeks to
–
Agreeing and starting to create global shared service
capability as required by our managing agents.
– maintain competitiveness
Reviewing and addressing key areas of process efficiency
within the Corporation.
– Delivering the information technology and property by protecting existing
requirements for the market in London and globally.
licences and negotiating
This modernisation programme is imperative for
the next 300 years of Lloyd’s success. We cannot wait for
a burning platform that forces us to act – for a disruptor access to new markets
to come in and show us how it should be done. We need
to work together now to change the way we operate.
around the world.
This task has been made increasingly difficult by the
regulatory environment that has developed post the global
financial crisis.
Like it or not a break-down in trust between the
financial services industry and its regulators has caused the
regulatory pendulum to swing too far, heralding a significant
rebasing of regulatory expectations. There are also signs of
a growing lack of trust between regulators, notwithstanding
international initiatives aimed at harmonisation. Just as the
insurance and reinsurance industry becomes more global
and more integrated, regulatory frameworks are edging
further towards the regional and the local. Inevitably, this
creates duplication of effort, friction and cost.
This trend is an increasing challenge for the global
reinsurance industry where, for example, regulatory
measures to balkanise capital risk hampering the role of
global reinsurers to absorb catastrophic losses and in turn
to de-risk national economies.
Continued on page 28
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 28
John Parry
Lloyd’s presents a unique value proposition to its
global client base - a specialist, subscription market with Director, Finance
the capacity and expertise to underwrite the world’s most
complex risks. Our structure is a key source of strength
but it presents our regulators with the challenge of how
to accommodate our business model.
Our philosophy is clear. Access to markets is a key
benefit of writing business through the Lloyd’s platform.
That access can only be obtained and maintained by
investing time with governments and regulators to explain
Lloyd’s structure and operating model and to be open and
transparent in all our dealings. We seek to build trust so
that regulators place reliance on the work we do in
supervising the Lloyd’s market, and we absorb this work
centrally, leaving managing agents to focus on underwriting
discipline and claims management.
For the past dozen years Lloyd’s has held an annual
regulators’ programme in London to engage with
regulators from around the world. More recently we have
hosted regional regulator programmes in Singapore, China
and the US. These events help build relationships between
Lloyd’s and the regulators, but also between regulators
themselves. For the industry to be supervised efficiently,
regulators must rely on each other whether through formal
mechanisms such as Solvency II equivalence which we
support, or with more informal relationship building and
information sharing.
As we seek to expand international market access our
work with international regulators and policymakers will
only increase in importance. We are busy laying foundations
in target markets around the world, building the case for The Right Mix
Lloyd’s market entry and its accommodation into national
law and regulation. In so doing we do not lose sight of the
Lloyd’s seeks a capital base
importance of continued competitive access to our existing
markets and lose no opportunity to remind governments
and regulators of the value of Lloyd’s participation in of the right amount and
their markets.
the right quality in the
right place.
Drawn from member-backed syndicates supported by
diverse capital providers and the Lloyd’s Central Fund
we constantly work to balance and improve our capital mix.
We pursue this objective from a position of strength but
never underestimate the inherent uncertainty in estimating
future claims, changing market conditions, and our
catastrophe exposure.
In 2014, as part of the Corporation’s market oversight
role, we signed off the capital requirements for the
syndicates trading at Lloyd’s. The market recognises this
review as an important exercise and we were heartened by
the strong sense of collective purpose. We started early with
comments on interim submissions and when it came to
agreeing final amounts, the trend for managing agents to
take our feedback on board and build that into their own
models continued.
Every year the Corporation collects an annual
subscription from the syndicates to pay into the Central
Fund based on how much premium they write – in 2014
we did this at the continuing rate of just 0.5% of premium.
In addition, the Council recognised the recent good
experience of the market and the low level of insolvent
member calls on the Central Fund and returned half the
amount we collected in 2012. This repayment was signalled
at the time as not setting a precedent.
The Central Fund is the critical part of our capital
supporting our global licences and our financial ratings.
We invest the fund to earn investment income. We also
borrow from the capital markets, but here we only pay
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 29
interest to the lenders (and pay back their principal) if Unsurprisingly, we consider our trading rights and licences
Lloyd’s passes our regulatory capital test. This means that to be one of our most important assets.
Lloyd’s can count the debt proceeds as capital since the My goal is for managing agents, backed by capital
bondholders are subordinate to claims on the Central Fund. from all over the world to tell us that they choose to do
The price charged by the capital markets to lend to business on the Lloyd’s platform because we provide the
insurers was low by historic standards in 2014 so we decided optimal trading rights, we supply the most effective
to pursue a new debt issue to provide additional flexibility infrastructure, and because we give them access to write
under Solvency II capital requirements and to support the business that they want to write in an effective, efficient
expansion into new countries. and cost-competitive way.
We successfully borrowed the full £500m with the By 2025, Asia and Latin America are expected
final pricing at UK government ten-year Gilts plus 268 to account for half of global GDP output, yet currently
basis points and coupled that with a successful tender offer they make up only one fifth of Lloyd’s premiums. Our
for the majority of our existing Tier II subordinated debt competitors are offering increasing regional capacity
issue. There remain wide concerns regarding the global in situ, the big brokers are creating more local networks,
economy, so it’s testament to the strength of the Lloyd’s broker consolidation and local placement trends continue.
brand and financial position that we were able to complete Meanwhile, abundant capital floods into reinsurance and
the transaction - and with strong support from blue retention rates are rising.
chip investors. In response to this global transition the Market
The final part of our work during 2014 was to continue Access team focuses on five themes:
diversifying our capital base, particularly by attracting
non-traditional sources of capital. The growth of alternative 1) Do we understand the managing agents’ market
products and capital is well established in the reinsurance access needs?
industry and we are determined to harness this trend in the 2) Do we grasp how the brokers can help and what
years to come. We know that maintaining the attractiveness is in it for them?
of Lloyd’s to a range of capital providers is fundamental 3) Do we understand what the customer wants and the
to the future success of the market. potential growth of each market?
4) Do we have the knowledge and experience to acquire
new licences and protect the ones we have?
5) Is our operating model compelling and competitive?
Vincent
Vandendael In 2014, we spent considerable time working to attract
Director, Global Markets capital providers from developing markets and broadening
our licence network. We found that lead times in these
markets are longer than first anticipated but we made
good progress in building these new relationships. I am
confident that there are strong capital partnerships which
should see daylight during 2015.
It was difficult to recognise at the time, but looking
back I think 2014 witnessed a sea change in the partnership
between the market and the Corporation on market access.
We clarified our thinking when it came to communications;
we challenged ourselves to share the rigour and reason and
logic behind our market access plans, creating a shared
sense of ownership.
As mentioned elsewhere in this report, we have made
good progress in expanding our global footprint during
the past 12 months. We acquired a branch licence in
Beijing, opened a representative office in Mexico City,
and launched a platform in Dubai. We are heartened
by the good progress we are making in India and will
continue to work on increasing trading rights in Malaysia
and Turkey.
During 2014 we built two working groups with
membership from across the market, intent on making this
a dialogue not a broadcast. During 2015 we will continue
working together to assess opportunities and threats, and
that can only strengthen our chance of success.
A Global Imperative
Market Access is, in its
simplest form, a right
to trade.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 30
Strategic Review
Vision 2025
Vision 2025 was launched in May 2012. It sets
out a strategy designed to enable Lloyd’s to face
future challenges head on while grasping the
opportunities of a fast-changing world.
The stated aim of Vision 2025 is for Lloyd’s to
be the global centre for specialist insurance and
reinsurance. The plan for the delivery of this
aim naturally shifts with changing market and
business circumstances and its successful delivery
requires a partnership between the Corporation,
and managing agents and brokers.
The five-year goals detailed on the next page were set in 2014 so each has four years remaining.
More detail on each of the eight strategic priorities is available on the Lloyd’s website at lloyds.com/strategy
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 31
Global market access Lloyd’s must develop new trading — The geographic diversity of the Lloyd’s capital base will
significantly increase, subject to this capital bringing new
rights in developing markets, supported by effective
business and people.
operational infrastructure, to reflect long-term shifts in
the global economy and the dispersal of insurance capacity.
This may require a shift away from Lloyd’s historic Innovation Lloyd’s has cultivated a reputation for
preferred model in some territories. Efforts to increase innovation and will build on this in the coming years with
Lloyd’s presence in developing economies will not come a focus on product innovation, thought leadership, and
at the expense of Lloyd’s position in established insurance alternative capital and alternative products. The existing
markets or imperil its existing relationships with strengths and expertise of the market, combined with
distribution partners, clients and regulators. developments in analytics and technology, provide a strong
basis from which to develop this capacity for innovation
Five year goal into a competitive advantage.
— Lloyd’s premium from developing economies will increase, with
greater growth in those territories in which Lloyd’s is investing Five year goal
in enhanced market access. — Lloyd’s reputation for innovation will be demonstrably enhanced,
— Lloyd’s position in developed economies will be maintained. in part through embracing ‘alternative’ capital and products.
— The breadth of Lloyd’s distribution and market access will
improve with an increased number of distribution relationships Talent Everyone within Lloyd’s is termed as ‘talent’ – each
in each distribution channel. individual brings their skills, knowledge and experience
to their work every day. This is the basis on which the
Ease of doing business The modernisation of operations talent programme is being developed. It takes into account
and processes remains a high priority. By building a leading those already in place and identifies gaps from a skill set
industry service proposition covering the London market, perspective not only in the organisation as it exists now
international operations and delegated authorities, Lloyd’s but for where it needs to be in the future.
seeks to make the market more attractive to existing and
new business in London and local markets alike. Five year goal
— The market’s workforce will be significantly more diverse
Five year goal and inclusive, and have a higher proportion of professionally
— Doing business in the Lloyd’s market will be more efficient and qualified staff.
more attractive. It will be as easy to deal with Lloyd’s as other
insurance markets. Brand Lloyd’s 327-year old brand is globally recognised
and highly valued both within the insurance industry, and
Market oversight The unique nature of Lloyd’s, as a market broader society. The positive role Lloyd’s plays in times
of independent businesses backed by a mutual Central of crisis, is well documented and the current strength
Fund, requires the Corporation to play a supervisory role. and buoyancy of the marketplace is held in high regard.
This role covers performance management, capital setting Nonetheless, as globalisation gathers pace and competition
and risk management. In addition to these supervisory intensifies a programme of work intended to protect the
activities, it is important that Lloyd’s market oversight Lloyd’s brand and ensure its future power and relevance
is supportive of sustainable profitable growth, innovation is underway with the full support of the market.
and is valued by all stakeholders.
Five year goal
Five year goal — Lloyd’s brand is globally admired and is attractive to customers,
— Lloyd’s average combined ratio should be favourable to Lloyd’s market participants and other stakeholders who make decisions
peer group over a five-year period and losses to the Central that are relevant to the market’s success.
Fund should be within the market’s risk appetite.
Global corporate social responsibility (CSR) Lloyd’s is
Capital Maintaining the attractiveness of Lloyd’s to a range a responsible global corporate citizen through its ethical
of capital providers will underpin the market’s future success. principles and practices and sharing of knowledge and
Further increasing the diversity of the market’s capital base, expertise. Lloyd’s is already highly regarded for the CSR
both by type and by geography, is an important objective. activities it undertakes in its local community, as the market
grows and diversifies, so will this activity.
Five year goal
— Lloyd’s will retain its unrivalled diversity of capital, through Five year goal
growth in all types of capital participating at Lloyd’s (private, — Lloyd’s is a responsible global corporate citizen through its
trade, institutional and other). ethical principles and practices, and sharing of knowledge
and expertise.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 32
Franchise Goal To create and maintain a commercial
environment at Lloyd’s in which the long term return to
all capital providers is maximised. Vision 2025 To be
the global centre for specialist insurance and reinsurance.
Market oversight Ease of doing business
Lloyd’s market Lloyd’s will have
oversight will be a leading industry
supportive of service proposition,
sustainable profitable built on excellence
growth and will in processes,
be valued by all technology and data.
stakeholders.
Global market access Capital
Lloyd’s international Lloyd’s optimal
growth will be enabled capital strength
by offering optimal and attractiveness
trading rights and will be designed
effective operational and demonstrated.
infrastructure.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 33
Innovation Talent
Lloyd’s will build Lloyd’s market and
on its leading edge Corporation will
capability and continue to attract
reputation for and retain the best
innovation in the talent through a high
global insurance performance culture,
industry. best practices and
inspirational leadership.
Brand Global CSR
Lloyd’s brand will Lloyd’s will remain
remain admired a responsible global
and attractive to corporate citizen
customers and through its ethical
market participants. principles and
practices, and sharing
of knowledge and
expertise.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 34
Risk Management
Risk framework tailored to Lloyd’s unique structure and Council to ensure appropriate transparency, challenge
and oversight on key risk issues.
The unique structure of Lloyd’s requires a tailored
Continuous enhancements to the risk framework
framework to manage risks facing the market and
the Corporation.
Lloyd’s is continually seeking ways to improve
All managing agents are expected to have in place a its framework to ensure the effective identification,
comprehensive risk framework to manage the risks facing management and monitoring of risk. Lloyd’s aims
their businesses. The Corporation continuously reviews to raise standards across the market and during 2014
the capabilities of managing agents and their track record completed a review of Lloyd’s minimum standards
to ensure they meet the minimum standards set for to update them and to incorporate the requirements
operating within the Lloyd’s market. of Solvency II. Lloyd’s continues to monitor its stress
and scenario testing approach to ensure the business
Lloyd’s risk framework provides an additional layer of model can withstand adverse events and the appropriate
review, oversight and challenge to ensure the aggregate controls, contingency plans and capital remain in place.
risk profile for Lloyd’s is at an acceptable level and that
Current areas of focus
the Corporation manages its own risks effectively.
Defined risk appetites for the market
The Corporation continuously monitors the full set
and Corporation
of risks to which both the market and Corporation are
exposed. The risk framework ensures the most critical risks
Each managing agent must have set a risk appetite are highlighted for senior management focus. The current
that is appropriate for its individual business model key areas of focus for the Risk Committee and Franchise
and strategy. In addition, the Franchise Board defines Board are described on page 35 and 36, alongside a brief
Lloyd’s risk appetite – the level of risk it deems acceptable description of their potential impact and mitigating actions
across the whole Lloyd’s market and the Corporation. put in place to ensure risk exposures are at a suitable level.
Risk appetite statements – clear descriptions detailing
Report of the Risk Committee
appropriate levels of risk – are in place for each material
area. Each of these statements is supported by a set
of metrics for detailed monitoring which are regularly This section sets out the role, remit and activities of the
reviewed and escalated where appropriate through the Risk Committee during 2014.
governance structure to the Franchise Board.
Composition and support of the Risk Committee
Risk appetite metrics are set at levels at which they are
intended to be triggered, this ensures that sufficient The Risk Committee comprises four members
remedial actions are put in place to ensure Lloyd’s responds of the Lloyd’s Executive Team. At the end of 2014,
early to emerging threats. Risk appetites are reviewed this consisted of Inga Beale (Chair), Tom Bolt, Sean
annually to ensure that Lloyd’s retains full coverage over McGovern and John Parry.
its risks. For example, to reflect an increased focus on
conduct risk in 2014, conduct risk appetites were developed. The Committee is supported by senior managers and
relevant technical experts as required and Committee
Risk management owned by the Franchise Board
meetings are routinely attended by the Head of Risk
Management, the Lloyd’s Actuary and the Head of
Effective risk management is fundamental to the operation Internal Audit.
of Lloyd’s and a core responsibility of the Corporation.
The Chairs of each of the three risk sub-committees –
2014 saw the appointment of Lloyd’s first Chief Risk the Syndicate Risk Committee (SRC), Financial Risk
Officer, Sean McGovern. This appointment was made to Committee (FRC) and Corporation Risk Committee
ensure that the Franchise Board included a member with (CRC) – attend the Risk Committee at least quarterly and
overall responsibility for the risk management framework. as required in order to report and be challenged on the
operation of their respective risk areas.
The risk governance structure is led by the Risk
Committee, chaired by the CEO. This committee is
responsible for the effective management of the risks facing
Lloyd’s. The Risk Committee meets on a monthly basis
and reports on a quarterly basis to the Franchise Board
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 35
Key risks (Figure 7)
Risk issue Potential impact Mitigation
Failure to obtain Solvency II internal Should Lloyd’s fail to meet Solvency II — While Lloyd’s remains confident
model approval test and standards in full (both at that it will secure model approval,
level of managing agents in the contingency plans have been put
market and centrally) Lloyd’s in place to mitigate the impact
regulatory capital could, in the of a failure to do so.
extreme, be set using the European- — There is continuous oversight
wide standard formula which would of Solvency II compliance in the
result in a significant increase in market, offering clear feedback
regulatory capital levels. on any gaps and the subsequent
consequences of failing to address
these identified issues.
— Increased interaction at senior
levels with the regulator.
— Enhanced central project
management resource.
Failure to implement Lloyd’s In the short term, the potential — There continues to be an
international growth strategy impact of this risk is predominantly increased focus on territories
reputational. In the longer term, which recognise the market model
inability to gain cost effective access while further investigating more
to insurance business in target challenging territories.
markets risks impacting the — A detailed strategy and enhanced
attractiveness of the Lloyd’s platform. project management resource has
been established.
The Insurance Cycle Lloyd’s businesses suffer losses or — Syndicate business plan and
erode their capital base due to capital approval processes enable
inappropriate underwriting or failure consistent and robust challenge to
in management controls. premium growth and ensure loss
ratios are realistic given the market
underwriting conditions and
managing agents’ capabilities.
— Close monitoring of syndicates’
performance against approved
business plans ensure they do not
materially deviate from the
approved plan or, where they do,
that the changes are acceptable.
— Increased review activity to test
compliance with Minimum
Underwriting Standards.
— Ongoing reviews into specific
classes of business.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 36
Key risks (Figure 7 continued)
Risk issue Potential impact Mitigation
Catastrophe risk Lloyd’s businesses suffer losses — Continue to closely monitor and
or erode their capital base through respond to the market risk appetite
material aggregations of risks and measures.
insufficient monitoring processes. — Managing agents constantly
monitor exposures around the
world in accordance with Lloyd’s
minimum standards.
— D evelopment of the analysis and
consideration of non-modelled risks.
— Monitoring and identification of
emerging risks.
Significant regulatory change across Lloyd’s sees its competitive position — Continue to lobby to influence
multiple jurisdictions weakened, suffers regulatory the evolution of UK, European and
penalties or disadvantageous global regulatory frameworks to
capital position. maintain the competitive position
of the market.
— Implemented a specific assurance
programme for the new conduct
risk minimum standard.
Unstable economic, financial and Lloyd’s suffers increased insurance — Ongoing monitoring and oversight
political climate liabilities, decreased asset values or of asset dispositions and asset risk
restricted access to capital. concentrations.
— Relevant scenario testing,
including Eurozone and interest
rate increases.
Strategic threats Changes in the distribution landscape — Work continues to be carried out
and/or the increasing competitive into, among other issues, the
threat from non-traditional capital potential impact of both the
reduces the volume or quality of evolving strategies and actions of
business shown to the Lloyd’s market. brokers and the influx of additional
non-traditional capital entering the
market. The strategic plan outlines
Lloyd’s response to these issues
and identifies specific actions.
Outsourcing Lloyd’s is unable to maintain — Assurance review of Lloyd’s
operations and services to oversight of key outsource
policyholders due to the failure of key providers.
outsource providers. — Further analysis undertaken
to establish the impact of a key
outsourcer’s failure to the market.
— Contingency plans for the failure
of key outsource providers
developed to ensure a recovery
of services or workaround
processes (e.g. emergency trading
protocols) at the Corporation and
in the market.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 37
Risk Committee activities 2014 (Figure 8)
Q1 Q2
— Quarterly Own Risk and Solvency Assessment — Annual ORSA report
ORSA) report — Risk sub-committee reports
— Risk sub-committee reports — Solvency II contingency planning
— Conduct risk — Minimum standards
— Risk culture — Cyber risk
— Use test — Model validation report
— Business planning and capital setting
Q3 Q4
— Quarterly ORSA report — Quarterly ORSA report
— Risk sub-committee reports — Risk sub-committee reports
— Unstable economic climate risk — Catastrophe risk
— Market oversight framework — Conduct risk
— Risk appetite annual review — Stress and scenario testing
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 38
Risk Committee activities 2014
continued
Attendance Performance of the Risk Committee
Risk Committee Member Attendance
During 2014, the Risk Committee met 11 times.
Inga Beale 11/11
It received a report from the Syndicate Risk Committee
Sean McGovern 11/11 at every meeting and quarterly reports from both the
Financial Risk Committee and the Corporation Risk
Tom Bolt 09/11
Committee. In April, the Risk Committee received and
John Parry (Luke Savage)* 4/5 (5/6) discussed Lloyd’s Own Risk and Solvency Assessment
(ORSA) – a summary of the key current and future risks
Vincent Vandendael* 6/7
facing the Society and the overall capital and solvency
position. The Lloyd’s ORSA is an ongoing process,
Terms of reference reviewed annually by Internal Audit, with reporting
produced quarterly for the Risk Committee and Franchise
The Franchise Board has delegated to the Risk Committee Board. The Risk Committee received and challenged
responsibility for overseeing the risks to the Society and reports relating to conduct risk and the Lloyd’s Internal
providing assurance that risks are managed in accordance Model in order to gain assurance that the risk exposure
with approved policies and risk appetites. in these areas is suitable and within appetite.
The principal responsibilities of the Risk Committee include: In addition, the Risk Committee was presented with
thematic risk reviews on a variety of risk and capital
–
Ensuring that suitable, appropriate and proportionate topics including:
oversight is provided in respect of each financial,
non-financial and other risk at member, syndicate Oversight of market
and Corporation level.
– –
Monitoring the aggregation of risks and concentrations Market oversight framework and supervisory plan.
–
of risk and in particular, ensuring any potential Business plan and capital.
–
material risks are identified (at member, managing Minimum standards – review of the minimum
agent or Corporation level). standards to which Lloyd’s managing agents are
–
Identifying and considering emerging risks that may required to adhere.
–
require the development of suitable mitigating actions Monitoring of High Touch/Watch List
and strategies. managing agents.
–
Ensuring that consideration of risk and solvency is
appropriately embedded within decision-making Emerging risks
within the Corporation.
– –
Monitoring the current and prospective risk profile Cyber risk thematic review.
–
of the Society against the risk appetite and proposing Conduct risk thematic review.
appropriate remedial action or plans where necessary.
–
Considering the appropriateness of stress tests, Prudential issues
scenario analysis and reverse stress tests to consider
–
results and to propose appropriate remedial action Stress and scenario testing – approval of the list
where necessary. of stress and scenario tests that are being analysed.
–
Ensuring the Society maintains a sufficient and These scenarios were derived from building on last year’s
appropriate level of capital to support the business scenarios and linking the scenarios to the key risks.
–
strategy and risks faced. The Lloyd’s Internal Capital Model – review and
–
Considering the appropriateness of the design and approval of the capital required, review of the Model
methodologies associated with the Lloyd’s Internal Validation report and use test.
Model and ensuring the outputs of the Lloyd’s
Internal Model are appropriately embedded within Furthermore, the Risk Committee received ‘deep dive’
and used to support decision-making associated with reports on any risks they requested throughout the course
risk within the Corporation. of the year, presented by the designated risk owner.
–
Receiving and critically considering reports from each This process allowed the Risk Committee critically
of its sub-committees which shall include reports to review and challenge the risk exposure, controls and
regarding their oversight of any key or material risks. actions in place to manage each key risk.
* These members were either appointed or left the Risk Committee during
the year.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 39
Risk governance structure (Figure 9)
Franchise Board
Risk Committee
Syndicate Financial Corporation
Risk Committee Risk Committee Risk Committee
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 40
Global Corporate Social
Responsibility
Our CSR programme spans the specific to the global;
from close to home – volunteer reading in primary
schools located a stone’s throw from the Lloyd’s building –
to programmes tackling some of the world’s most thorny
issues including climate change and disaster readiness.
Vicky Mirfin
Senior Manager, Corporate Social Responsibility
Ready to respond
Since the earliest days of Lloyd’s incorporation, there
has been a strong tradition of charitable endeavour.
During 2014 the ambition and breadth of the Building social and urban resilience in the face of disaster
Corporation’s Corporate Social Responsibility is naturally of interest to the Corporation and the market.
(CSR) programme expanded further and Global In April 2014, disaster relief charity RedR received its
CSR was prioritised as one of the Corporation’s second annual donation of £100,000 to support Ready
strategic priorities. to Respond, a three-year programme addressing the
particular technical challenges of responding to natural
Lloyd’s CSR activities address a number of areas, disasters in an urban environment. Clean water is often
including the following: the first resource to be affected by a natural catastrophe
and is vital to human survival. This led to the development
–
Ethics - Working with the market to maintain during 2014 of an urban water and sanitation training
high standards of integrity and conduct. course – Urban WASH. 25 specialists from humanitarian
–
Global engagement - Making a positive social organisations and British engineering and construction
contribution to the countries in which Lloyd’s firms were selected and trained in the complex requirements
operates or seeks to operate. of urban WASH. Those trained are now part of a roster
–
Talent diversity - Supporting a culture where of urban experts for deployment to future urban
a talented, diverse workforce is valued and disaster zones.
proactively encouraged.
–
Industry leadership - Using Lloyd’s position and In December 2014, Lloyd’s Charities Trust made an
voice to inform and encourage action on global additional grant to expand the urban WASH training
social and environmental issues of relevance course to representatives from Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia
to insurance. and Herzegovina, Serbia, Albania, Montenegro, FYR
Macedonia, Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey.
Lloyd’s also supported the training by RedR of 679 aid
workers living and working in 49 countries. This is part
of a longer-term project that will see over 1,000 NGO
staff trained in all aspects of disaster response. In London
in May 2014, over 120 people, including 78 from the
Lloyd’s market, abseiled down the Lloyd’s building,
raising £53,000 for RedR’s work.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 41
A global programme New talent
A commitment to education and social welfare plays 2014 marked the 25th anniversary of Lloyd’s Community
out across Lloyd’s international offices and 2014 saw Programme, which is supported by 50 companies in the
multiple CSR initiatives take place from Canada to market and involved over 2,000 volunteers from the
China, Singapore to South Africa. In the US, Lloyd’s Lloyd’s market during the year. The programme helps
continued to work closely with the Insurance Industry young people living in east London to succeed in their
Charitable Foundation, an industry sponsored not-for- education and includes activities as broad as working
profit organisation that brings the collective strength with ten-year-olds on their literacy and numeracy, right
of 100+ brokers and insurers together to provide grants up to the awarding of university bursaries.
and volunteer services to local communities.
During the year, Lloyd’s Community Programme
In November 2014, a delegation from Lloyd’s Shanghai, Management Board resolved to do more to help local
including representatives from Catlin and Navigators, inner London sixth form students and first year
set out on a two-day journey to visit a primary school in undergraduates to develop their professional skills
Yunnan funded by Lloyd’s in 2007 following mudslides and prepare them for the competitive job market.
which destroyed local villages. The visitors helped out This resolution inspired the launch of the IntoWork
in the classroom and donated laptops, school bags and programme in July 2014 which, as well as offering advice
sporting equipment before making the journey home. on job applications and interview skills as part of a
one-day conference, offers a mentoring programme
A key focus for the CSR team during 2015 will be the supported by recent graduates in the Lloyd’s market.
further integration of Lloyd’s CSR programme globally. The inaugural IntoWork summer conference in August
gathered nearly 100 young people to attend workshops
and hear first-hand from senior leaders across the market.
Lloyd’s greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 2014 (Figure 10)
Scope 1 Scope 2 Scope 3 Out of scopes Total GHG
(tonnes COe) (tonnes COe) (tonnes COe) (tonnes COe) emissions
2 2 2 2
(tonnes COe)
2
UK 1,060 9,975 2,643 Under 1 13,678
International offices 19 999 424 – 1,442
Lloyd’s of London 2014 total reported GHG emissions 15,120
Lloyd’s COe emissions have increased by 5% compared to 2013. The increase was driven primarily by changes to the UK conversion factor
2
for electricity to COe emissions, set by Defra. Lloyd’s actual electricity consumption decreased by 2% in the UK. Increased air travel also
2
contributed to the rise in COe emissions. Lloyd’s continues to offset its air travel emissions by buying carbon credits for carbon offset projects
2
through the Carbon Neutral Company. The methodology used to compile the greenhouse gas emissions inventory is in accordance with the
requirements of the World Resources Institute’s Greenhouse Gas Protocol, ISO 14064-part I and Defra’s Environmental Reporting Guidelines.
Lloyd’s Community Programme volunteer involvement (Figure 11)
Number of volunteers
2010 1,464
2011 1,514
2012 1,883
2013 1,716
2014 2,087
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 42
Talent
Talent always has been and always will be the lifeblood
of Lloyd’s. 2014 was characterised by the shared
commitment of the Corporation and the market
to attract, retain and develop the best talent, and
to put in place programmes to develop our people.
Annette Andrews
Human Resources Director
Talent sourcing Talent development
Research by the London Market Group revealed that During 2014 the inaugural Lloyd’s Mentoring
for many students insurance lacks the high octane appeal Programme matched 21 individuals from across the
of, for example, investment banking or private equity. market to work with more junior colleagues, distilling
Many are surprised that a career in insurance can be their experience for those at the very start of their careers.
challenging, commercial and creative. To address this, The technical training curriculum was also combined
the market and the Corporation have been working to with modules on softer skills, including coaching skills
raise awareness of the sector with individuals who might for managers.
not otherwise have been attracted to insurance. This
‘emerging talent’ as it is called, comes to Lloyd’s from Separately, the highly regarded Developing Leaders
schools, colleges, universities and other routes. Programme (run in partnership with London Business
School), invited 22 senior leaders from across the sector
2014 saw successful participation in Lloyd’s popular and the Corporation to participate in a demanding
apprentice programme, an 18-month scheme aimed at 12-month programme.
young people entering the world of work straight from
school. A new accelerated version of the programme, Alongside these formal programmes over 400 colleagues
shortened to one year, was developed in 2014 and will in the Corporation, including representatives from many
launch in September 2015. 500 applicants have already of Lloyd’s international offices, participated in a variety
applied for the eight places. of learning opportunities; subjects included forensic
interviewing and project management. A highlight of
For those with a university degree Lloyd’s continued to the development year was the annual ‘Learning Week’,
run its graduate programme. In 2014, 93% of participants a five-day programme for Corporation staff consisting
were employed in the market on completion of their of short open workshops. 650 places were taken up on
placements. Looking ahead, the programme will become the 39 workshops, with a positive rating from attendees
more structured with four six-month terms in broking, of over 95%.
underwriting, claims, and at the Corporation.
Lloyd’s global expansion makes it important for the
market to welcome talented people who possess
international experience and speak other languages.
It is also important to build bridges with insurance
professionals around the world who may be unfamiliar
with the Lloyd’s market in London. The Lloyd’s Global
Development Centre was launched in 2014 to facilitate
this. The Corporation is also encouraging international
secondments for high potential people already working
at Lloyd’s.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Strategic Report 43
Talent management
Lloyd’s flexible working policy was reviewed and relaunched
across the Corporation in response to feedback and interest
As of 31 December 2014 there were 949 employees in the from staff. Regular feedback is an important means
Corporation of whom 162 worked in international offices. of ensuring policies and processes are serving all parties.
243 professionals joined the Corporation in 2014 and The 2015 employee survey received a positive response
staff retention remains high with a turnover rate of 8%. rate of 84%. Satisfaction with working for Lloyd’s is high
The Corporation undertakes programmes to ensure at 91% while 96% of employees agree they are proud to
Lloyd’s remains an attractive environment for talent work for Lloyd’s. Overall engagement is strong at 84%.
at every point of their career, providing ongoing
Talent recognition
management and development opportunities.
In 2014, the Lloyd’s market showed its commitment Retaining talented people in both the Corporation
@
to diversity with the launch of Inclusion Lloyd’s, a and in the market continues to be an imperative.
cross-market initiative to promote an open and inclusive The Corporation’s benefits and compensation market
culture. By making a strong business case, the LMA data were reviewed in 2014 to ensure they are competitive
and leaders from across the industry led by Dominic and there was a focus on the provision of attractive
Christian, Executive Chairman of Aon Benfield policies and benefits globally.
International and CEO of Aon UK Limited, set
ambitious objectives to enhance diversity and inclusion More attention was also given to celebrating individual
@
across the market. The efforts of Inclusion Lloyd’s and team wins, and to helping individuals understand
have been amplified by growing membership of popular the total value of their remuneration, their benefits and
grass roots networking groups set up by employees other allowances.
during 2014.
Employee segmentation figures (Figure 12)
Executive Head of Manager Professional/ Administrative Total
Function Technical
Female 3 6 90 228 167 494
Male 5 28 169 177 76 455
Total 8 34 259 405 243 949
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

TEKRAM
ECNAMROFREP
2014 Highlights 45
Market Performance 46

Market Performance 45
– Profit before tax of £3,161m – Overall surplus on prior years
2014
(2013: £3,205m) and a combined of £1,571m (2013: £1,575m).
ratio of 88.1% (2013: 86.8%).
Highlights – Pre-tax return on capital
– Total investment return of of 14.7% (2013: 16.2%).
£1,045m (2013: £839m).
Underwriting result by class Combined ratio by class*
£m %
Reinsurance 1,250 Reinsurance 81.3
Property 577 Property 87.4
Casualty 81 Casualty 97.9
Marine 85 Marine 95.2
Energy 189 Energy 82.7
Motor (69) Motor 106.4
Aviation (8) Aviation 102.1
Life 5 Life 93.2
* The combined ratio for the market
The Lloyd’s market achieved a On an accident year basis, underwriting
and by class of business is the ratio
pre-tax profit of £3,161m in 2014 performance reflected challenging
of net incurred claims and net operating
(2013: £3,205m) and a combined market conditions with a combined
expenses to net earned premiums.
ratio of 88.1% (2013: 86.8%), which ratio greater than 100% reported in
The prior year reserve movement
represents a return on capital of some of Lloyd’s core classes.
represents the ratio of the surplus/
14.7% (2013:16.2%).
deficit arising on reserves set at
The year saw widespread softening
December 2013 to overall net earned
2014 witnessed some sizeable risk across the market. Competition
premiums in calendar year 2014.
losses, notably the tragic events intensified on the reinsurance side
The overall combined ratio includes
impacting the aviation sector, yet in with more capital attracted to the
central adjustments in the technical
aggregate major claims and insured industry, including from alternative
account in respect of transactions
catastrophe events fell below the markets. Aside from the rating
between syndicates and the Society
long-term average. The underwriting environment, profitable growth
as described in notes 2 and 8 to the
result also benefited from prior year opportunities were also constrained
PFFS (pages 61 and 65)
releases which accounted for £1,571m by weaknesses in the global economy.
(2013: £1,575m), reducing the
The combined ratios and results for
combined ratio by 8.0% (2013: 8.0%).
individual classes of business do not
This level of release was achieved
include these adjustments as the market
by actual claims development across
commentary for each class reflects
all prior years remaining below
trading conditions at syndicate level as
projected levels, supported by the
reported in syndicate annual accounts.
strong level of claims reserves.
Investment return remained low at
The underwriting results and combined
2.0%, but marked an improvement on
ratio tables include the results of all life
the return of 1.6% achieved in 2013.
and non-life syndicates transacting
business during 2014. The results and
net assets for life syndicates are not
material and have not been separately
disclosed in the profit and loss account
and balance sheet. The results for life
business have been reported in the
segmental analysis, note 9 on page 66.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Market Performance 46
Looking ahead 2014 performance
the most noticeable downward
movement in rates. Even in classes
Overall, 2014 performed better Gross written premium for the year impacted by large losses, such as
than expected but it was a far from reduced to £25,283m compared with aviation, the ready supply of capacity
‘normal’ year in terms of catastrophe £25,615m in 2013. US dollar only dampened the momentum
losses. Had aggregate catastrophe denominated business accounts for a sustained improvement as
claims been more in line with for the largest share of business at the market moved swiftly to access
the longer-term average, Lloyd’s Lloyd’s. The average exchange rate any possible opportunities.
accident year result could have in 2014 was US$1.65:£1 compared These reductions should be taken
moved into overall loss. With the with US$1.56:£1 in 2013. Adjusting in context, since rating levels
global (re)insurance market also for the impact of exchange rate are relatively high in a number
performing well, there continued movements shows an increase in of classes by historic standards.
to be a surplus of industry capital. gross written premium of 2.1% In addition, syndicates benefit from
The impact of this has already this movement when purchasing
surfaced in the January 2015 The year-on-year growth in premium their own outward reinsurance.
renewals which again saw large income in underlying currency was
reductions in several core lines less than originally planned by the The underlying accident year ratio,
of business. This trend is likely to syndicates. This reflected the softer excluding major claims, was 92.7%
continue as 2015 progresses with than expected rating environment (2013: 90.4%) which is the highest
the potential for alternative capital in the aggregate risk-adjusted rate level since 2002. Excluding the
to increase and widen beyond which saw a 3.3% decrease on classes where catastrophe experience
property catastrophe reinsurance. renewal business. With industry is a key driver of the results for any
The capital markets see insurance, capital growth continuing to outstrip one year, marginal results and in
particularly the incidence of natural growth in global insurance demand, some cases losses, were reported
catastrophes, as a diversifying asset the general competitive environment in 2014 reflecting the challenging
class with relatively attractive intensified in most lines. Aside from market conditions.
returns. This will drive further rate reductions, some weakening
Major claims
downward pressure on rates, terms in other terms and conditions,
and conditions, and coverage. and the widening of coverage was
also evident. For the Lloyd’s market, major
The global economy is likely to claims were £670m in 2014 (2013:
remain fragile, particularly in the During the year, there continued £873m), net of reinsurance and
Eurozone, and this is expected to be growth in casualty classes and including reinstatements payable
to prolong the low interest rate other speciality lines in the Lloyd’s and receivable. This total includes
environment. The political landscape market. Meanwhile contraction was severe ‘man-made’ major claims,
remains in a state of heightened evident in some catastrophe classes, including aviation. In terms of
uncertainty with tensions continuing notably property treaty, as a result natural catastrophe events giving
to build in Russia/Ukraine and the of growing competitive pressure. rise to large insurance claims, 2014
threat of the Islamic State escalating Fuelled by the influx of capacity was below the long-term average.
and expanding in the Middle East from alternative capital providers,
and beyond. The social and economic and a period of relatively benign This was particularly evident in
impact of the Ebola outbreak in loss activity, property catastrophe the Gulf of Mexico where hurricane
West Africa and the threat of reinsurance continued to record activity was again muted.
systemic cyber attacks also rank
high on the list of potential concerns.
Analysis of exchange gain/(loss)
In the prevailing marketplace,
syndicates will need to be increasingly
2014 2013
nimble and innovative with a
£m £m
willingness to embrace transformational
change, not least in distribution and Impact of translating non-monetary items at 82 (120)
new market business development. average rates and monetary items at closing rates
Of paramount importance is the
need for syndicates to maintain Accident year – Other (13) 48
underwriting discipline and constantly Prior years (64) (150)
to review and re-underwrite their
books as required. Gain/(loss) on exchange reported in P&L 5 (222)
Gain/(loss) within premiums/expenses through reversal 120 37
of exchange movement reported in previous year
Total 125 (185)
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Prior year movement
The largest insured natural In aggregate the estimates for major
catastrophe was Hurricane Odile, catastrophe events from recent years,
which swept across the Baja The combined ratio has been reduced such as Superstorm Sandy, have
California peninsula in Mexico by 8.0% (2013: 8.0%) through proved to be adequate.
in September, impacting a number material prior year reserve releases.
of mainly property-related treaty The release represents 5.5% (2013: Although Lloyd’s continues to hold
and facultative accounts. Other 5.3%) of net claims reserves brought material reserves for older years,
natural catastrophe events included forward at 1 January. the potential for further surpluses
the severe hail and tornado losses in to materialise is now more dependent
Nebraska in June and the snowstorms This was the tenth successive year on the robustness of reserves for more
in Japan in February and December. of prior year surpluses. Reserving recent years. In support of these stable
is directly influenced by market reserves, a number of managing
Man-made loss activity was mostly conditions and actual experience. agents have adopted a prudent initial
within the aviation market which The strong level of claims reserves reserving policy which has resulted
experienced a series of large, unusual continues to support the releases in surpluses arising in later years.
and high profile claims. These that have been seen. Actual claims This approach is transparent within
included the tragic loss of two development for prior years remains Lloyd’s oversight regime, as
Malaysia Airlines passenger jets significantly below projected levels underlying best estimate reserves are
(Flight MH370 and Flight MH17) and Lloyd’s reserve monitoring has captured both within independent
in separate and uncommon not identified any new specific areas statements of actuarial opinion and
circumstances and substantial claims of concern. the work being undertaken in
arising from the fighting at Libya’s preparation for Solvency II.
Tripoli Airport, which began in The development of business written
July 2014 and destroyed or severely in the soft market conditions of Prior to year end, the PRA wrote
damaged multiple aircraft over the 1997-2001 continues to be within to all UK general insurers in respect
course of the following months. expectations and to contribute to the of reserving. A specific concern was
The aggregate net claims to Lloyd’s surplus generated, as do all the older on how firms are maintaining reserve
for these events totalled £310m, net years of account (2006 and prior). strength in the wake of falling rates
of reinsurance. and large reserve releases. Lloyd’s
reserve monitoring continues to
focus on these very topics to ensure
reserve strength is not jeopardised
through continued releases, which
they have not been. Lloyd’s has seen
an increasing trend in the ratio of
IBNR to incurred loss ratios which
confirms that the market aims
to maintain reserve discipline in
challenging conditions and reacts
by posting higher nominal reserves.
The prudent reserving, seen within
the market gives confidence that the
trend for prior year releases will
continue, especially when coupled
with favourable experience. For the
absolute level of reserve releases to
continue at the amounts experienced
recently, this will depend on actual
claims development falling below
projections. Reserve setting is a
complex and challenging area and
claims estimates are inherently
uncertain, particularly in the lines
of business written by Lloyd’s.
Consequently, oversight of this area
remains a focus for Lloyd’s and
future results may vary considerably
from the significant surplus observed
in 2014.
219
9991
382
0002
065,3
1002
923
2002
381
3002
076,1
4002
793,4
5002
06
6002
275
7002
139,1
8002
383
9002
163,2
0102
058,4
1102
278,1
2102
788
3102
076
4102
Market Performance 47
Major claims Accident year excl. major claims
% of NEP % of NEP
2010 12.7 2010 86.5
2011 25.5 2011 87.8
2012 9.7 2012 88.6
2013 4.4 2013 90.4
2014 3.4 2014 92.7
Five-year average 10.9 Five-year average 88.6
Ten-year average 11.3 Ten-year average 86.3
Lloyd’s major losses: net ultimate claims
£m
Indexed for inflation to 2014. Claims in foreign currency £1,319m 20-year average
translated at the exchange rates prevailing at the date of loss £1,617m 15-year average
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Market Performance 48
Reinsurance protection
to close (RITC) (2010 and prior a major source of concern for financial
£911m), which meant the year closed markets as attention was focused
The credit quality of the Lloyd’s with an overall profit of £2,860m. on the downside implications for oil
market’s reinsurance protections Of the six years of account that were producing companies and countries
remains extremely high with 95%+ in run-off at the beginning of 2014, rather than the broader scale benefits
of all recoveries and reinsurance three, all from one syndicate, were for many consumers and businesses.
premium ceded being with closed at the end of the year.
reinsurers rated ‘A-’ and above, However, one syndicate was unable Performance among developed
or supported by collateral. While to close its 2012 year of account at equity markets was mixed: US
the Reinsurance Asset is a material the year end and, therefore, there was equities achieved quite strong
consideration for Lloyd’s (equivalent a net decrease in open years of two. returns while UK equity returns
to 37% of GWP) it has remained were only modestly positive.
stable and consistent with the scale In aggregate, run-off years reported Emerging markets suffered amid
of risk transfer and recent loss a profit of £18m including investment the oil price collapse as did most
experience. No negative settlement income (2013: profit of £3m). other risk assets but returns were
trends have been witnessed. Lloyd’s This increased profit is principally positive, albeit modestly so, over
outward reinsurance spend has the result of the closure of the one the year. Commodities were a
remained stable (22% of GWP). syndicate’s three years of account clear exception with significant
While reducing margins on Lloyd’s while recognising the prudence losses generated over the year.
inward reinsurance book have been in the held reserves.
witnessed, this has also resulted in Bond performance in major global
reduced outward reinsurance costs. The results of the major classes of markets was stronger than expected
business are discussed in detail on over the year as government yield
Result for the closed year and
pages 49-55. curves flattened, leading to mark
run-off years of account
to market capital appreciation,
Investment review
particularly for longer dated bonds.
Under Lloyd’s three-year accounting
policy for final distribution of each The first nine months of 2014 Although earlier in the year
underwriting year of account, the represented a period of relative the general trend in corporate bond
2012 account reached closure at calm and stability for investments credit spreads had been a gradual
31 December 2014. The major as global economic growth looked to narrowing, they were not immune
insurance event in 2012 was be gradually improving. Conditions to the heightened volatility in the
Superstorm Sandy which struck were favourable as central banks fourth quarter and some widening
the Caribbean, the US eastern maintained their commitment to of credit spreads took place. Overall,
seaboard and eastern Canada. It cost keep interest rates low for an extended corporate bonds outperformed their
the Lloyd’s market £1.4bn, net of period of time and geopolitical risks ‘risk-free’ sovereign counterparts due
reinsurance, making it the second seemed not to affect markets. to their higher ongoing level of yield.
most costly catastrophe since
Hurricane Katrina in 2005. Despite The fourth quarter saw a rapid change Syndicate premium assets form the
this major claims event the 2012 pure of course as underlying tensions came largest element of investment assets
year of account was still able to report to the surface causing a surge in at Lloyd’s. Managing agents are
an underwriting profit which was volatility. Increasing divergence responsible for the investment of
further enhanced by the investment in growth among major economies these funds, which are used to meet
return. This 2012 pure year profit was emerged: solid growth in the US insurance claims as they become
boosted by the addition of releases was contrasted by disappointing payable. Traditionally, syndicates
from prior years totalling £1,119m growth in Europe and China. adopt conservative investment
on the 2011 and prior reinsurance The plummeting oil price became policies, utilising cash and high
quality fixed interest securities
of relatively short duration. Some
Prior year reserve movement Years of account in run-off syndicates’ investments include
elements of more volatile asset
% of NEP classes, such as equities, hedge
funds and lower rated debt securities.
2010 (5.9) 2010 10
At the margin, the proportion of
2011 (6.5) 2011 7 riskier assets has increased in recent
years; however, high quality, short
2012 (7.2) 2012 8
dated, fixed interest securities and
2013 (8.0) 2013 6 cash continue to dominate syndicate
portfolios, notwithstanding the
2014 (8.0) 2014 4
low yields currently offered by such
Combined ratio instruments.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Market Performance 49
Class of business
Overall, syndicate investments stable or reduced. This has been
returned £749m, or 2.2% in 2014 further mitigated by the release
(2013: £379m, 1.1%). Investments Reinsurance – Property of catastrophe loads held within
are valued at market prices and Property catastrophe excess of loss the reserves.
unrealised gains and losses are represents almost three quarters
included within reported investment of Lloyd’s property reinsurance Looking ahead
returns. Investment returns have premiums. Other key sectors are The pressure on rates and contractual
proved to be better than expected, property risk excess, property terms is likely to persist through
given the large exposure to pro rata and agriculture and hail. 2015. There is unlikely to be any
conservative, but lower yielding, significant change in the market
bonds. The capital gains arising from 2014 performance until there is a reduction in the
a further drop in yields was a key Lloyd’s gross written premium for availability of surplus capital
driver. US-based equity investments 2014 was £4,477m (2013: £4,930m), currently dedicated to this sector
have also enhanced return. a decrease of 9.2%. The Lloyd’s which, aside from a significant
reinsurance property sector reported catastrophe event, and/or a seismic
Members’ capital is generally held an accident year combined ratio of change in global interest rates,
centrally at Lloyd’s. A proportion 88.7% (2013: 88.2%). appears unlikely.
of this capital is maintained in
investment assets and managed For property catastrophe there have The property catastrophe market
at members’ discretion. A notional been no major catastrophes affecting remains under pressure. This is
investment return on members’ the Lloyd’s market during 2014 and evidenced in weaker pricing and
capital of £202m, or 1.3% (2013: the results reflect the reduced wider terms and conditions.
£400m, 2.5%) has been included incidence of large losses. Hurricane Some syndicates have decided to
in the pro forma financial statements Odile in Mexico mainly affected the withdraw their capacity as further
(PFFS). This is based on the facultative account. However, there weakening appears inevitable.
investment disposition of the was some attritional activity and
relevant assets and market index syndicates have been exposed to a Reinsurance – Casualty
returns. The return is constrained number of smaller losses including The largest sectors of the casualty
by the low level of interest available winter snowstorms in Japan, a treaty market at Lloyd’s are
on the high proportion of cash tornado event in Nebraska, a wind/ non-marine liability excess of
and equivalent investments held hail event in France and Belgium loss and motor excess of loss.
within members’ capital. However, (Windstorm Ela), cyclone and flood
performance was marginally events in India and a hailstorm 2014 performance
improved by the better than in Brisbane. Lloyd’s gross written premium for
expected returns achieved on 2014 was £1,781m (2013: £1,698m),
bond investments. Property catastrophe premium levels an increase of 4.9%. The Lloyd’s
in Lloyd’s have reduced largely in casualty sector reported an accident
The investment return on Lloyd’s reaction to the downturn in rates. year combined ratio of 96.6%
central assets is also included in the Trading conditions remain under (2013: 100.5%).
PFFS. This was £94m or 3.6% in pressure with double digit reductions
2014 (2013: £60m, 2.4%). The in almost all markets. 2014 saw an improvement in recent
investment performance of central year loss ratios. Overcapacity,
assets is discussed on page 117. There has been a weakening of combined with higher cedant
contractual exclusions and some retentions, led to accelerated rate
Results summary
radical changes to event definitions softening in most lines throughout
have been proposed. Perhaps the the year.
Lloyd’s reported a profit before tax most notable and well documented
for the financial year of £3,161m is the increase in the duration period Prior year movement
(2013: £3,205m) and a combined and aggregate extensions applying The prior year reserve movement
ratio of 88.1% (2013: 86.8%). The to the traditional Hours Clauses, the was a surplus of 9.5% (2013: 12.2%).
PFFS aggregates the results of the eventual impact of which may take There will always be inherent
syndicate annual accounts, notional time to materialise. uncertainty in casualty reserves,
investment return on funds at and especially in challenging
Lloyd’s (FAL) and the Society of Prior year movement market conditions.
Lloyd’s financial statements. The The prior year reserve movement was
basis of preparation of the PFFS is a surplus of 12.2% (2013: 11.4%). This class contains motor excess
set out in note 2 on page 61. The While there continues to be further of loss, where large bodily injury
syndicate annual accounts reported deterioration in loss estimates claims can be settled using
an aggregate profit of £2,861m relating to the New Zealand Periodical Payment Orders (PPOs).
(2013: £2,716m). earthquakes, estimates for other There remains an increased risk for
historical catastrophes have remained this element due to uncertainties in
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Market Performance 50
discount rates used to determine Prior year movement Results were positive in most
large awards in bodily injury claims; The prior year reserve movement property segments due to the low
long term inflation and mortality was a surplus of 11.7% (2013: 9.7%). level of catastrophe activity, with
trends will also impact the ultimate only one significant event in the
claims outcomes. A key metric is the This class continues to generate international segment: Hurricane
real rate of return which measures surpluses on prior years with benign Odile in Baja, California.
the relationship between investment attritional experience across all In addition, attritional losses
returns and rates of inflation given major lines. continued to trend upward and
these items have opposing impacts there were some sizeable power
on PPO related results. Although there has been deterioration and engineering losses.
in the Costa Concordia claim, this
Lloyd’s monitoring continues to has been mitigated through Prior year movement
indicate adequate reserving over reinsurance and more than offset The prior year reserve movement
all prior years. by better experience elsewhere. was a surplus of 7.4% (2013: 8.4%).
Loss estimates for the historical
Looking ahead Looking ahead catastrophes remain stable or have
The pricing and reserving of UK Similar to other reinsurance sectors, reduced. This is further supported
Motor excess of loss business most specialty classes are likely to by no adverse development in any
remains a concern however, the face further, perhaps more intense, of the major lines.
appetite of syndicates to write this downward pressure, with the
business is falling and looks set to potential for softening in other Looking ahead
reduce further into 2015 with some terms and conditions in some areas. In the absence of significant
key players cutting back. Classes affected by recent large losses catastrophe events, meaningful
(e.g. aviation) may be more stable. reductions in available capacity
Aside from UK Motor excess of loss, and domestic market appetites,
rates are under pressure in other Property downward rating pressure is expected
casualty treaty sectors (e.g. US WCA The property sector consists to continue during 2015 and for
Catastrophe) as demand for of a broad range of risks written the foreseeable future for both direct
reinsurance declines among the worldwide. It is made up of and reinsurance business with binder
larger buyers and they retain more predominantly surplus lines business business holding up better than open
risk in-house, consolidating their with a weighting to the industrial market. It is anticipated that an
outward reinsurance programmes and commercial sectors, binder increase in minimum line size
into group or whole account business of mainly non-standard requirements available from
structures. This is causing overall commercial and residential risks, and syndicates will put further pressure
demand to fall while capacity to specialist classes including terrorism, on the market together with an
write this class increases as insurers power (electricity) generation, increasing demand for broker
look to diversify both in the US and engineering and nuclear risks. binding facilities. A number of
internationally. syndicates are expected to expand
Business is written through the into new areas to supplement
Reinsurance – Specialty broker network as well as using premium and growth targets.
Marine reinsurance is the largest the framework of coverholders
sector of the remainder of Lloyd’s and delegated authorities. The renewal and restructuring of
specialty reinsurance business, TRIA and Pool Re, and the
followed by energy and aviation. 2014 performance introduction of Flood Re in the UK,
Lloyd’s gross written premium for will have consequences for certain
2014 performance 2014 was £6,281m (2013: £6,103m), segments of the property market,
Gross written premium by sector an increase of 2.9%. The Lloyd’s and underwriters will need to factor
was: Marine £991m (2013: £1,098m), property sector reported an accident this into their underwriting plans
Energy £795m (2013: £786m) and year combined ratio of 94.8% for future years.
Aviation £445m (2013: £453m). (2013: 93.4%).
Casualty
Lloyd’s reinsurance – specialty The market came under continued The casualty market at Lloyd’s
reported an accident year combined pressure to reduce rates in 2014 due comprises a broad range of classes.
ratio of 97.7% (2013: 91.5%). to surplus capacity and aggressive The most significant are general
competition from domestic markets. liability, professional liability and
Aviation excess of loss reinsurance US Surplus and Excess Lines and medical malpractice. Although
performance was affected by the binder business grew meaningfully, shorter-tail in nature than most
frequency of large airline and but growth in other lines was casualty lines, accident and health
aviation war claims in 2014 (see subdued. Competition was largely business is also included within this
commentary on direct aviation confined to rates, with wordings sector. The US market is the largest
on page 53). remaining largely unchanged. single market for Lloyd’s casualty
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Market Performance 51
business followed by the UK/ deteriorations and this year witnessed other lines of business with specific
Europe, Canada and Australia. some adverse experience at a more products covering property damage
micro level, for example, in some caused by cyber events now available.
2014 performance financial institutions, general liability
Lloyd’s gross written premium for and professional indemnity lines. The speed of the economic recovery
2014 was £4,963m (2013: £4,850m), These are restricted to individual will continue to influence the class
an increase of 2.3%. The Lloyd’s segments, years or territories and over the next few years. This, coupled
casualty sector reported an accident therefore do not cause concern. with an increased appetite for casualty
year combined ratio of 99.8% There will always be inherent business, means that the class
(2013: 101.2%). uncertainty in casualty reserves, is expected to continue to grow.
and especially in challenging market The market remains highly
The casualty market in 2014 was conditions, and Lloyd’s monitoring competitive, with most market
similar to that of 2013. Surplus continues to indicate robust reserving participants eager to expand their
capacity continues to suppress rate over all prior years. books frequently via Delegated
increases, keeping them below widely Underwriting arrangements.
agreed upon claims inflation Looking ahead
assumptions. Profitability remains The casualty market is particularly With no lack of appetite for insurers
marginal with little sign of correction. vulnerable to an increasingly to enter the casualty market, the
litigious global environment. rating environment is expected to
Some of the growth within casualty Many jurisdictions now allow weaken further in 2015.
lines has been influenced by the ‘collective actions’ with third party
green shoots of economic recovery litigation funding often fuelling Marine
experienced in certain jurisdictions. the trend, leading to the increased Lloyd’s is an industry leader of
Increased turnover, wage rolls and frequency and severity of claims. marine business. Main classes
fee income is helping to grow the top include hull, cargo, marine liability
line despite rates decreasing across More tenacious regulators pursuing and specie (the insurance of valuable
most classes. corporate wrongdoing with increased property such as precious metals, art
scrutiny, often via official or jewellery), political risks and war.
Given the long-tail nature of many of investigations, translates into
the lines written and the depth and defence costs making up larger 2014 performance
longevity of the recession, it may take portions of losses. Lloyd’s gross written premium for
a considerable time for the full effects 2014 was £2,142m (2013: £2,195m),
of the downturn to be determined The cyber market at Lloyd’s continues a decrease of 2.4%. The Lloyd’s
particularly in financial lines. to expand in response to greater marine sector reported an accident
demand-driven by high profile losses year combined ratio of 103.7%
Prior year movement and the constantly evolving legislation (2013: 102.8%).
The prior year reserve movement to govern and dictate behaviour and
was a surplus of 1.9% (2013: 2.4%). liability. Governments and regulators Borderline performance continued
Although the casualty sector are increasingly looking to insurers in Hull and Cargo, Lloyd’s largest
continues to generate surpluses on to drive up cyber security standards. marine class. All classes remained
prior years in aggregate, this class has There is also greater recognition of highly competitive due to abundant
historically seen significant reserve the impact of cyber exposures upon capacity. With rates already at
relatively low points in the cycle,
the downward rating pressure was
accompanied by increasing limits
2014 combined ratio
and/or broadening conditions.
Prior year
Accident reserve Calendar
Prior year movement
year movement year
The prior year reserve movement
Reinsurance 92.8% (11.5)% 81.3% was a surplus of 8.5% (2013: 7.4%).
Overall, there has been a release
Property 94.8% (7.4)% 87.4%
of reserves in all marine classes.
Casualty 99.8% (1.9)% 97.9%
The expected costs associated with
Marine 103.7% (8.5)% 95.2%
Costa Concordia have increased
Energy 94.0% (11.3)% 82.7% during the year but these have been
mitigated by reinsurance. Otherwise,
Motor 106.9% (0.5)% 106.4%
the observed experience elsewhere
Aviation 132.6% (30.5)% 102.1% has been good.
Life 93.2% 0.0% 93.2%
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Market Performance 52
Looking ahead the rate reductions were largely offset Underwriting discipline will
Positive developments in the global by increases in exposure. be particularly important in 2015,
economy should, over time, bolster even if this leads to declining
both trade volumes and insured The onshore energy sector remains business that is not adequately
values, which in turn should lead overcapitalised and the pressure to priced. As ever, the focus will
to an increase in premium volumes. compete for premium income and also need to be on close control
While the macroeconomic picture market share has intensified despite of wordings.
appears to be improving, market marginal performance. Energy
conditions present many headwinds liability is one of the few areas where Motor
for the marine class. With abundant capacity remains at a premium, due Lloyd’s motor market primarily
capacity in all lines, rates in most primarily to existing underwriters covers UK private car and
classes will face further pressure. reducing individual commitments commercial/fleet business.
Aside from the challenging market per risk to manage their aggregations. Private car represents around 45%
conditions, key industry issues of Lloyd’s UK motor premium and
remain. Static hull deductibles are Prior year movement includes niche motor risks. Lloyd’s
producing larger attritional losses. The prior year reserve movement was commercial/fleet business is
With ships and cargo loads expanding a surplus of 11.3% (2013: 11.3%). The very diverse, ranging from light
in size, successful salvage is becoming sector was able to generate significant commercial vehicles and taxis
an increasing challenge. This also reserve releases despite some to buses and heavy haulage.
poses challenges for the marine deterioration in a number of claims.
liability sector. Costa Concordia has International motor is also written
highlighted the difficulties that Looking ahead and a large proportion of this is from
wreck removal of large vessels can The low oil price has had a dramatic North America, including private
present, especially doing so in an impact on future investment in the auto and static risks such as dealer’s
environmentally sensitive manner. energy sector, any investments that open lot.
can be, have been postponed. This
Energy will dramatically reduce the offshore 2014 performance
The Lloyd’s energy sector includes and indeed onshore construction Gross written premium in 2014
a variety of onshore and offshore premium. In addition, some working was £1,213m (2013: £1,184m),
property and liability classes, wells will be capped early and an increase of 2.4%. The Lloyd’s
ranging from construction to equipment withdrawn. This will motor sector reported an accident
exploration and production, further reduce the premium base year combined ratio of 106.9%
refinery and distribution. in the offshore sector and possibly (2013: 104.4%).
increase claims activity as damages
2014 performance are discovered and repaired while The UK Motor market remains
Gross written premium for the units are in lay-up. challenging with legal reforms
Lloyd’s energy sector in 2014 was introduced in 2013 only now
£1,533m (2013: £1,668m), a decrease The lack of recent windstorm activity starting to take real effect. Legal
of 8.1%. Most business in this sector, in the Gulf of Mexico should be costs per claim are reducing, but
no matter its country of origin, treated with caution as this region this has been offset by an increase
is denominated in US dollars and will continue to be prone to extreme in general damages which formed
therefore the ROE movement is weather events. part of the Legal Aid, Sentencing
most clearly shown in this sector. and Punishment of Offenders
The Lloyd’s energy sector reported The offshore energy sector will Act 2012 (LASPO) reforms.
an accident year combined ratio remain highly competitive in 2015
of 94.0% (2012: 94.3%). as underwriters compete to write a Private car rates fell during the
diminishing number of active units first half of 2014 but subsequently
Performance was driven by offshore and few new projects. Market stabilised towards the end of the
energy which benefited from another conditions for onshore energy and year as discounts given for the
year without a significant windstorm liability classes are also expected LASPO reforms soon expired.
in the Gulf of Mexico and few to weaken in 2015 as underwriters The rating environment in the
notable risk losses. compete to maintain premium commercial motor sector was slightly
income due to potential contagion more positive with above inflation
Fuelled by favourable results and in competition from the offshore increases achieved throughout the
abundant capacity, competition energy sector. year. However, claims frequency
intensified in the offshore energy remains high even with the legal
sector during the course of the year With the offshore energy property reforms now firmly embedded and
with significant rate reductions, albeit sector making up a significant portion claims inflation appears to be on the
from a high level, reported throughout of the energy class, the difficult market rise again. Fraudulent claims activity
the year. Overall premium volumes environment will have an impact on is still an issue and performance
stayed broadly in line with 2013 as 2015 gross written premium. concerns remain in both areas.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Market Performance 53
Prior year movement aircraft, helicopters and large private With underwriting capacity
The motor sector saw a modest corporate jets), airport liability, exceeding insurance demand,
release from prior year reserves of aviation product manufacturers’ in some classes by several multiples,
0.5% of motor net earned premium liability, aviation war/terrorism and market conditions continued to
(2013: reserve strengthening 4.2%). satellite launch/in-orbit risks. weaken quite materially across
the aviation and space sectors.
While stability in motor reserves is 2014 performance Only in the final quarter of 2014,
encouraging, there does remain a Gross written premium was £582m when most of the world’s major
risk that any possible alteration to (2013: £562m), an increase of 3.6%. airlines and war risks renew, was
the discount rate used to determine The Lloyd’s aviation sector reported there evidence of a change in this
large awards in bodily injury claims, an accident year combined ratio of trend. However, with capacity still
in addition to high claims inflation 132.6% (2013: 105.1%). increasing in these classes, the
levels, could affect current claims momentum for rate increases at
reserves in the future or the incident Although aviation safety continued the start of the quarter proved short
of claims settled as Periodical to improve with accident rates in lived, with some softening again
Payment Orders (PPOs). There were 2014 among the best ever, this result evident in the last few weeks of
also many new legal reforms was driven by a series of large airline the year.
introduced recently, including and aviation war claims which
increasing the limits of payments inundated the fragile premium bases Despite the continued increase in
under the Ministry of Justice (MOJ) in these classes. aviation exposures around the world,
Road Traffic Accident (RTA) Portal Lloyd’s premium was only slightly
and the LASPO reforms. The overall These claims included Malaysia above 2013 levels and significantly
impact of these reforms remains Airlines which suffered the losses below business plan targets. This
highly uncertain. of two passenger jets. Malaysia was largely a function of the soft
Airlines Flight MH370 disappeared rating environment and the inherent
Looking ahead in March while flying from Kuala miss-factor which led to a mixture
The UK Motor insurance market Lumpur to Beijing with the loss of underwriting perspectives and
continues to be very competitive, of 239 passengers and crew. Despite responses following the claims.
but the rating environment for both extensive and continuing search and
private car and commercial vehicles rescue efforts, it is still unclear Prior year movement
seems to be turning with some rate what happened to the jet and its The prior year reserve movement
rises recorded towards the end whereabouts. In July, Malaysia was a surplus of 30.5% (2013: 23.7%).
of 2014. This trend is expected Airlines Flight MH17 was allegedly The prior years continue to develop
to continue throughout 2015. shot down over eastern Ukraine with very favourably. Large reserve
the loss of 298 lives. releases are common in aviation and
LASPO meant an overall drop in this continues to occur with no signs
legal fees for personal injury claims, Lloyd’s airline and war markets of adverse development in the back
which will reduce insurers’ costs, remain at the forefront regarding years at all.
but the MOJ whiplash reforms the speedy adjustment of claims.
that came into force in October 2014 Looking ahead
will take time to filter through. Aviation underwriters were also Notwithstanding the negative
impacted by a number of other result in 2014, without a significant
The UK Competition and Markets airline disasters including the loss withdrawal of global underwriting
Authority report in September 2014 of Air Algerie, TransAsia and capacity, the aviation market
did not recommend the banning of AirAsia. Aside from Malaysia is likely to remain extremely
referral fees related to the provision Airlines, the aviation hull war competitive with the potential for
of temporary replacement vehicles market experienced a frequency further softening in rates, terms and
(credit hire) and credit hire of other large claims, most notably conditions. With industry exposures
fraudulent claims are still an area arising from the prolonged period continuing to rise sharply in terms
that needs attention. of fighting at Tripoli Airport which of fleet values and passenger numbers,
resulted in the severe damage or the accumulation potential and a
Aviation destruction of multiple aircraft. more punitive legal environment
Lloyd’s writes across all main business are expected to lead to an increase
segments including airline, aerospace, Space insurers also had a difficult in potential volatility and rising
general aviation and space. year with the loss of the Antares attritional claims.
130 rocket, the ABS-2 satellite, the
Airline (hull and liability) is the Express AM4R spacecraft and the
largest segment but Lloyd’s aviation Amazonas 4A telecommunications
is also actively involved in the satellite.
underwriting of general aviation
(for example, privately owned light
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Market Performance 54
Reinsurance
Property Gross written premium Combined ratio Underwriting result
£m % £m
2010 4,761 2010 92.0 2010 279
2011 5,209 2011 158.8 2011 (2,180)
2012 5,463 2012 89.8 2012 393
2013 4,930 2013 76.8 2013 846
2014 4,477 2014 76.5 2014 820
Casualty Gross written premium Combined ratio Underwriting result
£m % £m
2010 1,656 2010 90.2 2010 133
2011 1,480 2011 90.2 2011 124
2012 1,612 2012 94.5 2012 70
2013 1,698 2013 88.3 2013 165
2014 1,781 2014 87.1 2014 195
Specialty Gross written premium Combined ratio Underwriting result
£m % £m
2010 1,804 2010 86.1 2010 178
2011 1,984 2011 92.1 2011 111
2012 2,360 2012 91.1 2012 142
2013 2,349 2013 81.8 2013 310
2014 2,239 2014 86.0 2014 235
Direct
Property Gross written premium Combined ratio Underwriting result
£m % £m
2010 4,908 2010 92.4 2010 283
2011 4,965 2011 100.3 2011 (10)
2012 5,476 2012 94.4 2012 221
2013 6,103 2013 85.0 2013 681
2014 6,281 2014 87.4 2014 577
Casualty Gross written premium Combined ratio Underwriting result
£m % £m
2010 4,397 2010 96.6 2010 113
2011 4,245 2011 96.6 2011 117
2012 4,543 2012 95.6 2012 152
2013 4,850 2013 98.8 2013 47
2014 4,963 2014 97.9 2014 81
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Market Performance 55
Direct continued
Marine Gross written premium Combined ratio Underwriting result
£m % £m
2010 1,671 2010 90.9 2010 128
2011 1,968 2011 94.5 2011 89
2012 2,090 2012 99.9 2012 2
2013 2,195 2013 95.4 2013 84
2014 2,142 2014 95.2 2014 85
Energy Gross written premium Combined ratio Underwriting result
£m % £m
2010 1,419 2010 83.3 2010 164
2011 1,523 2011 87.9 2011 130
2012 1,727 2012 76.0 2012 275
2013 1,668 2013 83.0 2013 201
2014 1,533 2014 82.7 2014 189
Motor Gross written premium Combined ratio Underwriting result
£m % £m
2010 1,103 2010 151.5 2010 (520)
2011 1,187 2011 107.4 2011 (82)
2012 1,155 2012 104.0 2012 (42)
2013 1,184 2013 108.6 2013 (87)
2014 1,213 2014 106.4 2014 (69)
Aviation Gross written premium Combined ratio Underwriting result
£m % £m
2010 642 2010 74.9 2010 115
2011 708 2011 64.9 2011 196
2012 669 2012 67.7 2012 170
2013 562 2013 81.4 2013 90
2014 582 2014 102.1 2014 (8)
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

TEKRAM
STLUSER
Statement of Council’s
Responsibilities and Report of
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
to the Council of Lloyd’s on
the 2014 Pro Forma
Financial Statements 57
Pro Forma Profit & Loss
Account 58
Pro Forma Balance Sheet 59
Pro Forma Cash Flow
Statement 60
Notes to the Pro Forma
Financial Statements 61
Security Underlying Policies
issued at Lloyd’s 70

Market Results 57
Statement of Council’s Information’, issued by the International Auditing and
Assurance Standards Board.
Responsibilities and Report of
We applied the Institute of Chartered Accountants in
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to
England and Wales (ICAEW) Code of Ethics, which
includes independence and other requirements founded
the Council of Lloyd’s on the 2014
on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity,
Pro Forma Financial Statements professional competence and due care, confidentiality
and professional behaviour.
Statement of Council’s responsibilities
The PFFS have been compiled in part from an aggregation
The pro forma financial statements (PFFS) are prepared of financial information extracted from the balance sheet
so that the financial results of Lloyd’s and its members and profit and loss account included in syndicate annual
taken together and their net assets can be compared accounts by the managing agent of each syndicate,
as closely as possible with general insurance companies. which has been submitted to the Council of Lloyd’s and
on which the auditors of each syndicate have reported.
The Council of Lloyd’s is responsible for the preparation Our work did not involve assessing the quality of those
and approval of the PFFS. audits or performing any audit procedures over the
financial information of the syndicates.
The maintenance and integrity of the Lloyd’s website
is the responsibility of the Council of Lloyd’s; the work Our examination of the preparation of the PFFS
carried out by the auditors does not involve consideration consisted principally of:
of these matters and, accordingly, the auditors accept
–
no responsibility for any changes that may have occurred Obtaining an understanding of how the Council
to the financial statements since they were initially of Lloyd’s has compiled the PFFS from the audited
presented on the website. syndicate annual accounts, the audited Society
of Lloyd’s financial statements and funds at Lloyd’s.
–
Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the Checking (on a sample basis) that the financial
preparation and dissemination of financial statements information included in the PFFS was correctly
may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions. extracted from the syndicate annual accounts and
the Society of Lloyd’s financial statements.
Independent reasonable assurance report to the – Evaluating evidence to support the existence and
Council of Lloyd’s on the preparation of the 2014 valuation of funds at Lloyd’s.
pro forma financial statements – Evaluating the evidence supporting the adjustments
made and obtaining evidence that the PFFS have been
Report on the preparation of the Lloyd’s pro forma prepared in accordance with the basis of preparation
financial statements set out in note 2.
Our conclusion The engagement also involves evaluating the overall
In our opinion the Council of Lloyd’s has prepared the presentation of the PFFS.
pro forma financial statements (the ‘PFFS’), as defined
below, for the financial year ended 31 December 2014 Responsibilities for the pro forma financial statements
in all material respects in accordance with the basis of and the reasonable assurance engagement
preparation set out in note 2.
Our responsibilities and those of the Council of Lloyd’s
This opinion is to be read in the context of what we say The Council of Lloyd’s is responsible for the preparation
in the remainder of this report. and approval of the PFFS in accordance with the basis
of preparation set out in note 2. The purpose of the PFFS
What we have assured is to allow the financial results of Lloyd’s and its members
The PFFS, which are prepared by the Council of taken together and their net assets to be compared as
Lloyd’s, comprise: closely as possible with the financial reports of general
insurance companies.
–
A pro forma profit and loss account.
– A pro forma statement of total recognised gains Our responsibility is to express an opinion about whether
and losses. the preparation of the PFFS has been performed by the
– A pro forma balance sheet. Council of Lloyd’s on the basis set out in note 2.
–
A pro forma statement of cash flows.
– Notes 1-17 to the PFFS. This report is made solely to the Council of Lloyd’s in
accordance with our engagement letter dated 3 December
The financial reporting framework that has been applied 2014 (the ‘instructions’). Our examination has been
in their preparation is set out in note 2. undertaken so that we might state to the Council those
matters which we are required to state in this report
Our assurance does not extend to information in respect in accordance with the instructions and for no other
of earlier periods or to any other information included purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we
in the Lloyd’s Annual Report within which the PFFS do not accept or assume any responsibility for any other
for the year ended 31 December 2014 are included. purpose or to any other person to whom this report
is shown or into whose hands it may come save where
What a reasonable assurance engagement involves expressly agreed by our prior consent in writing.
We performed a reasonable assurance engagement in
accordance with International Standard on Assurance PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Engagements 3000 – ‘Assurance Engagements other Chartered Accountants
than Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial London, 25 March 2015
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Market Results 58
Pro Forma
Profit and Loss Account
For the year ended 31 December 2014
Restated Restated
2014 2013
Technical account Note £m £m £m £m
Gross written premiums
– continuing operations 25,268 25,612
– discontinued operations 5 15 3
9 25,283 25,615
Outward reinsurance premiums (5,259) (5,384)
Premiums written, net of reinsurance 20,024 20,231
Change in the gross provision for unearned premiums (626) (582)
Change in the provision for unearned premiums, reinsurers’ share 177 76
(449) (506)
Earned premiums, net of reinsurance 19,575 19,725
Allocated investment return transferred from the non-technical account 666 337
20,241 20,062
Claims paid
Gross amount 12,028 13,086
Reinsurers’ share (2,736) (3,004)
9,292 10,082
Change in provision for claims
Gross amount (275) (1,501)
Reinsurers’ share 573 1,000
298 (501)
Claims incurred, net of reinsurance 9,590 9,581
Net operating expenses 11 7,656 7,539
Balance on the technical account for general business 2,995 2,942
Attributable to:
– continuing operations 2,972 2,919
– discontinued operations 5 23 23
Total 2,995 2,942
Non-technical account
Balance on the technical account for general business 2,995 2,942
Investment return on syndicate assets 12 749 379
Notional investment return on funds at Lloyd’s 6 202 400
Investment return on Society assets 94 60
1,045 839
Allocated investment return transferred to the technical account (666) (337)
379 502
Other income 65 62
Other expenses (278) (301)
Result for the financial year before tax 8 3,161 3,205
2014 2013
Statement of total recognised gains and losses Note £m £m
Result for the financial year 3,161 3,205
Other recognised gains and losses 8 102 (123)
Total recognised gains and losses since previously reported 8 3,263 3,082
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Market Results 59
Pro Forma
Balance Sheet
As at 31 December 2014
Restated Restated
2014 2013
Investments Note £m £m £m £m
Financial investments 13 45,008 42,252
Deposits with ceding undertakings 3 4
Reinsurers’ share of technical provisions
Provision for unearned premiums 1,961 1,727
Claims outstanding 8,785 9,195
16 10,746 10,922
Debtors
Debtors arising out of direct insurance operations 6,188 5,672
Debtors arising out of reinsurance operations 3,589 3,469
Other debtors 776 735
10,553 9,876
Other assets
Tangible assets 24 40
Cash at bank and in hand 14 9,852 9,242
Other 9 21
9,885 9,303
Prepayments and accrued income
Accrued interest and rent 72 71
Deferred acquisition costs 3,213 2,848
Other prepayments and accrued income 184 136
3,469 3,055
Total assets 79,664 75,412
Capital and reserves
Members’ funds at Lloyd’s 6 15,704 15,088
Members’ balances 15 5,189 3,635
Members’ assets (held severally) 20,893 18,723
Central reserves (mutual assets) 1,693 1,663
8 22,586 20,386
Subordinated debt 2 497 330
Subordinated perpetual capital securities 2 388 391
Capital, reserves and subordinated debt and securities 23,471 21,107
Technical provisions
Provision for unearned premiums 12,562 11,656
Claims outstanding 38,134 37,621
16 50,696 49,277
Deposits received from reinsurers 57 46
Creditors
Creditors arising out of direct insurance operations 499 466
Creditors arising out of reinsurance operations 2,945 2,743
Other creditors including taxation 1,480 1,334
4,924 4,543
Accruals and deferred income 516 439
Total liabilities 79,664 75,412
Approved by the Council of Lloyd’s on 25 March 2015 and signed on its behalf by
John Nelson Inga Beale
Chairman Chief Executive Officer
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Market Results 60
Pro Forma
Cash Flow Statement
For the year ended 31 December 2014
Restated
2014 2013
£m £m
Result on ordinary activities before tax 3,161 3,205
Depreciation 5 13
Realised and unrealised losses and foreign exchange (1,454) 1,059
Net purchase of investments (1,041) (1,516)
Notional return on funds at Lloyd’s (202) (400)
Increase/(decrease) in technical provisions 1,598 (729)
(Increase)/decrease in debtors (984) 294
Increase/(decrease) in creditors 289 (796)
Cash generated from operations 1,372 1,130
Tax paid (21) (29)
Net cash from operating activities 1,351 1,101
Cash flows from financing activities
Net profits paid to members (1,512) (937)
Net movement in funds at Lloyd’s 581 (526)
Net capital transferred into/(out of) syndicate premium trust funds 80 (31)
Issue of 2014 subordinated notes 493 –
Purchase of 2004 subordinated notes (329) (195)
Interest paid (54) (62)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash holdings 610 (650)
Cash holdings at 1 January 9,242 9,892
Cash holdings at 31 December 9,852 9,242
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Market Results 61
Notes to the Pro Forma
Financial Statements
As at 31 December 2014
1. Introduction
The profit and loss account in the PFFS aggregates the
syndicate results, the notional investment return on
Lloyd’s is not an insurance company. It is a Society members’ capital and the results of the Society of Lloyd’s.
of members which underwrite insurance (each for their The balance sheet in the PFFS aggregates the assets held
own account) as members of syndicates. The pro forma at syndicate level, members’ assets held as FAL and the
financial statements (PFFS) are prepared so that the central resources of the Society.
financial results of Lloyd’s and its members taken
together and their net assets can be compared as Overall, the PFFS aggregate the results and resources
closely as possible with general insurance companies. of the Society and its members and reflect all the links
in Lloyd’s Chain of Security as described in detail in the
2. Basis of preparation
‘Security underlying policies issued at Lloyd’s’ section
on pages 70-73. The PFFS may, therefore, be used as a
General reasonable presentation of the results and state of affairs
The PFFS include the aggregate of syndicate annual of the Lloyd’s market on a basis that is as closely as
accounts (Aggregate Accounts), members’ funds at possible comparable with general insurance companies.
Lloyd’s (FAL) and the financial statements of the
Society of Lloyd’s on pages 74-172. Taxation
The PFFS report the market’s result before tax. Members
The Aggregate Accounts do not present a consolidated are directly responsible for tax payable on their syndicate
view of the results of Lloyd’s business taken as a single results and investment income on FAL. For consistency,
entity. In particular, each managing agent selects the the results of the Society are also included pre-tax in the
accounting policies most appropriate to its managed profit and loss account. The balance sheet includes the tax
syndicates. Where UK GAAP permits different provisions in the Society financial statements.
accounting policies and managing agents have adopted
various accounting treatments, these are reflected in Funds at Lloyd’s
the PFFS without making consolidation adjustments. FAL comprise the capital provided by members to support
In addition, the PFFS do not eliminate inter-syndicate their underwriting, and are the equivalent of capital shown
reinsurances (except for SPS, see below). in insurance companies’ accounts. The valuation of FAL
has, therefore, been included in the pro forma balance
The Aggregate Accounts report the audited results sheet. FAL are available to meet cash calls made on the
for calendar year 2014 and the financial position at member in respect of a syndicate. The assets in FAL must
31 December 2014 for all syndicates which transacted be readily realisable, may include letters of credit and bank
business during the year. They include the syndicate and other guarantees, and must be at least equivalent
level assets, which represent the first link in the Chain to the aggregate of the member’s Economic Capital
of Security (see page 70). The Aggregate Accounts are Assessment (ECA) requirement and certain liabilities in
reported as a separate document and can be viewed at respect of its underwriting business. Each member’s ECA
www.lloyds.com/financialreports. During 2014, certain to support its underwriting at Lloyd’s is determined using
syndicates changed their accounting policies in relation Lloyd’s Individual Capital Assessment (ICA) capital
to foreign exchange resulting in a restatement of the setting methodology.
comparative figures for 2013 within their annual
accounts and the Aggregate Accounts have been restated Notional investment return on FAL
accordingly. The restatements are not material and, A notional investment return on FAL has been calculated,
therefore, the comparative figures within the PFFS which is the equivalent of insurance companies generating
have not been restated. investment return on the capital that they hold to support
their underwriting. Where Lloyd’s is the investment
The capital provided by members is generally held manager for FAL, the actual return achieved has been
centrally as FAL and represents the second link in the included. For other assets the notional investment return,
Chain of Security. The non-technical account of the net of management fees, is calculated on the average value
PFFS includes a notional investment return on FAL. of FAL during the year, based on yields from indices for
each type of asset held. The typical investment return on
The Society of Lloyd’s audited financial statements report bank deposits has been applied to FAL provided as letters
the central resources of the Society, which forms the third of credit or bank guarantees. The actual return achieved
link in Lloyd’s Chain of Security. on FAL investments will differ from the notional return
due to individual stocks held, daily cash flows and
As noted on pages 133 and 134, the Society of Lloyd’s has transactional charges.
restated its comparative figures for 2013. The restatements
are not material and, therefore, the comparative figures
within the PFFS have not been restated.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Market Results 62
Notes to the Pro Forma
Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2014
Society of Lloyd’s financial statements
Inter-syndicate loans
The syndicate annual accounts report debtor and creditor
The PFFS include the results and net assets reported balances for inter-syndicate loans totalling £160m
in the consolidated financial statements of the Society (2013: £95m). These amounts have been eliminated
of Lloyd’s, comprising the financial statements of the from the amounts reported in the balance sheet to
Society of Lloyd’s and all its subsidiary undertakings, provide a more meaningful presentation of the balance
the Lloyd’s Central Fund and the Society’s interest sheet for users of the PFFS.
in associates.
Subordinated debt and securities
Transactions between syndicates and the Society In accordance with the terms of the subordinated debt
–
Central Fund contributions, members’ subscriptions and securities, the capital raised is available for payment to
and other market charges levied by the Society are policyholders in advance of repayment to the note holders
reported as net operating expenses in the syndicate and is included in ‘capital, reserves and subordinated debt
annual accounts and as income in the Society and securities’ in the pro forma balance sheet.
financial statements.
–
Central Fund claims and provisions to discharge the The 2014 figure for subordinated notes includes the
liability of members where they have unpaid cash calls, Notes issued on 30 October 2014. Note 17 to the Society
and do not have the resources to meet those cash calls, financial statements on pages 155 and 156 provides
are reported as a profit and loss charge and balance additional information.
sheet liability in the Society financial statements.
3. Accounting policies notes
The Central Fund’s other income includes recoveries
from insolvent members. The syndicate annual
accounts for calendar year 2014 and earlier years A. Aggregate Accounts
include those members’ results and at the balance General
sheet date will report the outstanding liability Under the Insurance Accounts Directive (Lloyd’s
within members’ balances. Syndicate and Aggregate Accounts) Regulations 2008,
–
Loans funding statutory overseas deposits are reported managing agents must prepare the syndicate annual
as assets within the syndicate annual accounts and as accounts under UK GAAP. However, where UK GAAP
liabilities in the Society financial statements. permits different accounting treatments, each managing
agent is able to adopt the accounting policies it considers
Transactions between the syndicates and the Society most appropriate to its syndicate. In particular, in certain
which have been reported within both the syndicate circumstances, UK GAAP permits various accounting
annual accounts and the Society financial statements treatments for the movement in foreign exchange.
have been eliminated (note 8). The following accounting policies are, therefore, generic
in nature.
Special Purpose Syndicates (SPS)
The Aggregate Accounts include the results and assets Premiums written
of the SPS (see Glossary page 176). Due to the nature Premiums written represent premiums on business
of SPS, the quota share of the host syndicate’s business incepting during the year, together with adjustments
is reported as gross written premiums in both the host for premiums written in previous accounting periods.
syndicate and SPS annual accounts. This leads to an Premiums written are stated before deduction of
overstatement of the original premiums written by the commissions but net of taxes, duties levied on premiums
whole Lloyd’s market. To provide users of the PFFS with and other deductions.
a more meaningful presentation of the market’s figures,
all the reinsurance transactions of the SPS have been Unearned premiums
eliminated. The key impact of this elimination is that Written premiums are recognised as earned according
gross written premium is reduced by £567m (2013: £491m). to the risk profile of the policy. Unearned premiums
The elimination does not affect the PFFS result or the represent the proportion of premiums written in the year
balance due to members. that relate to unexpired terms of policies in force at the
balance sheet date, calculated on the basis of established
This disclosure has been adopted for the first time in 2014 earnings patterns or time apportioned as appropriate.
so the 2013 adjustment noted above has been restated in
the comparative figures. There is no impact on the 2013 Outwards reinsurance premiums
overall result, combined ratio or the balance due to Outwards reinsurance premiums comprise the cost of
members within total capital and reserves. reinsurance arrangements placed and are accounted for
in the same accounting period as the related insurance
All other inter-syndicate reinsurance arrangements are contracts. The provision for reinsurers’ share of unearned
included in full. premiums represents that part of reinsurance premium
ceded which is estimated to be earned in following
financial years.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Market Results 63
Claims provisions and related recoveries The provision for unexpired risks is calculated at
Gross claims incurred comprise the estimated cost of all syndicate level by reference to classes of business which
claims occurring during the year, whether reported or not, are managed together, and may take into account relevant
including related direct and indirect claims handling costs investment return.
and adjustments to claims outstanding from previous years.
Acquisition costs
The provision for claims outstanding is assessed on Acquisition costs, comprising commission and other costs
an individual case basis and is based on the estimated related to the acquisition of new insurance contracts, are
ultimate cost of all claims notified but not settled by deferred to the extent that they are attributable to premiums
the balance sheet date, together with the provision unearned at the balance sheet date.
for related claims handling costs. The provision also
includes the estimated cost of claims incurred but not Foreign currencies
reported (IBNR) at the balance sheet date based on Income and expenditure in foreign currencies are
statistical methods. translated into pound sterling using the exchange rates
prevailing at the date of the transactions or the average
These methods generally involve projecting from past rate may be used when this is a reasonable approximation.
experience of the development of claims over time to form
a view of the likely ultimate claims to be experienced for Where the international operations for a syndicate are
more recent underwriting, having regard to variations treated as a branch, its branch assets and liabilities are
in the business accepted and the underlying terms and translated into pound sterling at the rates of exchange
conditions. For the most recent years, where a high ruling at the balance sheet date. The exchange differences
degree of volatility arises from projections, estimates may arising are normally accounted for through the statement
be based in part on output from rating and other models of total recognised gains and losses.
of the business accepted and assessments of underwriting
conditions. The amount of salvage and subrogation For other international operations, monetary assets and
recoveries is separately identified and, where material, liabilities are translated into pound sterling at the rates
reported as an asset. of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date. Non-
monetary assets and liabilities at the balance sheet date,
The reinsurers’ share of provisions for claims is based primarily deferred acquisition costs and unearned
on the amounts of outstanding claims and projections premiums, are maintained at the rate of exchange ruling
for IBNR, net of estimated irrecoverable amounts, when the contract was entered into (or the approximate
having regard to the reinsurance programme in place average rate). Resulting exchange differences on translation
for the class of business, the claims experience for the are recorded in the profit and loss account.
year and the current security rating of the reinsurance
companies involved. Statistical techniques are used to Investments
assist in making these estimates. The two most critical Investments are stated at current value at the balance
assumptions as regards claims provisions are that the sheet date. For this purpose, listed investments are stated
past is a reasonable predictor of the likely level of future at their bid price market value, and deposits with credit
claims development and that the rating and other models institutions and international deposits are stated at cost.
used for current business are fair reflections of the likely
level of ultimate claims to be incurred. Unlisted investments for which a market exists are stated
at the average price at which they are traded on the
The directors of each syndicate’s managing agent consider balance sheet date or the last trading day before that date.
that the provisions for gross claims and related reinsurance
recoveries are fairly stated on the basis of the information Syndicate investment return
currently available to them. However, the ultimate liability Syndicate investment return comprises all investment
will vary as a result of subsequent information and events, income, realised investment gains and losses and
which may result in significant adjustments to the amounts movements in unrealised gains and losses, net of
provided. Adjustments to the amounts of claims provisions investment expenses, charges and interest.
established in prior years are reflected in the financial
statements for the period in which the adjustments are Realised gains and losses on investments carried at
made. The methods used, and the estimates made, are market value are calculated as the difference between
reviewed regularly. sale proceeds and purchase price.
Unexpired risks provision Unrealised gains and losses on investments represent the
A provision for unexpired risks is made where claims difference between the valuation at the balance sheet date
and related expenses arising after the end of the financial and their valuation at the previous balance sheet date, or
period in respect of contracts concluded before that date purchase price, if acquired during the year, together with
are expected to exceed the unearned premiums under the reversal of unrealised gains and losses recognised in
these contracts, after the deduction of any acquisition earlier accounting periods in respect of investment
costs deferred. disposals in the current period.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Market Results 64
Notes to the Pro Forma
Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2014
3. Accounting policies notes continued
Members that only participate on one syndicate may hold
the capital supporting their underwriting in their syndicate’s
Syndicate investment return continued premium trust funds. Where a member takes advantage
Syndicate investment return is initially recorded in the of this facility, the capital held in the premium trust fund
non-technical account. A transfer is made from the is reported within members’ balances and the investment
non-technical account to the general business technical return retained within the non-technical account.
account where the investments generating the return
relate to insurance business. C. Society of Lloyd’s
The accounting policies adopted in the Society of Lloyd’s
Taxation financial statements are set out on pages 134-138.
Under Schedule 19 of the Finance Act 1993, managing
4. Variability
agents are not required to deduct basic rate income tax
from trading income. In addition, all UK basic rate
income tax deducted from syndicate investment income Calendar year movements in reserves are based upon
is recoverable by managing agents and consequently the best estimates as at 31 December 2014, taking into
distribution made to members or their members’ agents account all available information as at the balance sheet
is gross of tax. Capital appreciation falls within trading date. These estimates are subject to variability until the
income and is also distributed gross of tax. date at which the underlying claims are settled. Such
changes in best estimate are reflected in the technical
No provision has been made for any United States Federal account of the year in which they occur.
Income Tax payable on underwriting results or investment
5. Discontinued operations
earnings. Any payments on account made by the syndicate
during the year are included in the balance sheet under
the heading ‘other debtors’. No provision has been made Continuing/discontinued operations represent the
for any international tax payable by members on analysis reported in the syndicate annual accounts
underwriting results. between business that they are continuing to underwrite
and business that they have ceased to underwrite.
Operating expenses It is quite possible, however, that business discontinued
Operating expenses (including pension and other staff by one syndicate continues to be written at Lloyd’s
costs) have been charged to the syndicates in accordance by one or more other syndicates.
with the policies adopted by the managing agents.
When a syndicate has ceased underwriting, its operations
Profit commission are reported as discontinued within the syndicate’s annual
Where profit commission is charged by the managing accounts. Where the entire book of business continues to
agent it will normally be fully paid once the appropriate be written by another syndicate, however, an adjustment
year of account closes, normally at 36 months. The profit is made in the PFFS to reflect the continuing nature
commission is accrued in the profit and loss account in of this business to Lloyd’s and its members as a whole.
accordance with the earned profit. Where business has been reported as discontinued in
2014, the results for that business have also been reported
Managing agents may make payments on account of as discontinued in the 2013 comparative figures.
their anticipated profit commission from the syndicate
6. Members’ funds at Lloyd’s
premiums trust funds prior to the closure of a year of
account where they have transferred open year surpluses
(interim profits) from the syndicate level premiums trust The valuation of members’ FAL in the balance sheet totals
funds to the members’ personal reserve fund. Any £15,704m (2013: £15,088m). The notional investment
payments on account of such commission are restricted return on FAL included in the non-technical profit and
to the profit commission expensed in the profit and loss loss account totals £202m (2013: £400m).
account in striking the level of interim profits declared
and subsequently released. The notional investment return on FAL has been
calculated by applying quarterly yields from indices,
B. Funds at Lloyd’s net of management fees, to the value of FAL at the
FAL are valued in accordance with their market value beginning of each quarter except where Lloyd’s is
at the year end, and using year end exchange rates. the investment manager for FAL, in which case the
actual return achieved has been included. A significant
Investments are stated at current value at the balance sheet proportion of FAL investments are US dollar
date. For this purpose, listed investments are stated at their denominated and, for these assets, US dollar yields
bid price market value, and deposits with credit institutions from indices are applied.
and international deposits are stated at cost. Unlisted
investments for which a market exists are stated at the
average price at which they are traded on the balance sheet
date or the last trading day before that date.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Market Results 65
6. Members’ funds at Lloyd’s continued
The following table shows the indices used and the return applied for the full year.
Proportion of FAL Investment return
December December 2014 2013
Investment type Index 2014 % 2013 % % %
UK equities FTSE All share 6.0 6.7 1.5 21.2
UK government bonds UK Gilts 1-3 years 2.3 3.4 1.8 0.0
UK corporate bonds UK Corporate 1-3 years 8.8 8.9 1.9 0.4
UK deposits managed by Lloyd’s Return achieved 3.3 4.0 0.5 0.4
UK deposits managed externally including LoC GBP LIBID 1 month 24.6 24.2 0.4 0.4
US equities S&P 500 Index 4.8 4.9 13.7 32.4
US government bonds US Treasuries 1-5 years 5.3 5.0 1.2 (0.2)
US corporate bonds US Corporate 1-5 years 15.1 13.8 2.1 1.1
US deposits managed by Lloyd’s Return achieved 4.0 3.1 0.1 0.2
US deposits managed externally including LoC USD LIBID 1 month 25.8 26.0 0.2 0.2
7. Society of Lloyd’s
The results of the Group financial statements of the Society included in the profit and loss account are a profit of £219m
(2013: £268m) in the technical account and a loss of £121m (2013: £180m) in the non-technical account.
8. Aggregation of results and net assets
A reconciliation between the results, statement of realised gains and losses and net assets reported in the syndicate
annual accounts, members’ FAL and by the Society is set out below.
As disclosed in the Society’s basis of prepartion and consolidation note the Society has restated its comparative
figures for 2013. The amounts of the adjustments are considered immaterial and so the PFFS have not been restated.
The impact of the prior year adjustment (PYA) is reflected in the reconciliations below and more details can be found
on page 133 of this Annual Report.
2014 2013
Profit and loss account £m £m
Result per syndicate annual accounts 2,861 2,717
Result of the Society 91 65
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred in Society financial statements 1 18
Central Fund recoveries from insolvent members (9) (2)
Taxation charge in Society financial statements 18 14
Notional investment return on members’ funds at Lloyd’s 202 400
Society PYA for IAS (see note above) – (1)
Movement in Society income not accrued in syndicate annual accounts (3) (6)
Result on ordinary activities before tax 3,161 3,205
2014 2013
Statement of total recognised gains and losses £m £m
Result for the financial year 3,161 3,205
Foreign currency movements in the syndicate annual accounts 134 (125)
Other recognised losses per syndicate annual accounts 1 (5)
Society PYA for IAS (see note above) – –
Other recognised gains and losses of the Society (33) 7
Total recognised gains and losses 3,263 3,082
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Market Results 66
Notes to the Pro Forma
Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2014
8. Aggregation of results and net assets continued
2014 2013
Capital and reserves £m £m
Net assets per syndicate annual accounts 5,191 3,634
Net assets of the Society 1,693 1,635
Central Fund claims and provisions 6 11
Members’ funds at Lloyd’s 15,704 15,088
Unpaid cash calls reanalysed from debtors to members’ balances 9 4
Society income receivable not accrued in syndicate annual accounts (17) (14)
Society PYA for IAS (see note above) – 28
Total capital and reserves 22,586 20,386
Transactions between syndicates and the Society which have been reported within both the syndicate annual accounts
and the Society financial statements have been eliminated in the PFFS as set out in note 2.
9. Segmental analysis
The syndicate returns to Lloyd’s provided additional information to derive the following table in respect of the classes
of business reviewed in the market commentary.
Gross Net Under-
written earned writing
premiums premium result
2014 £m £m £m
Reinsurance 8,497 6,680 1,250
Property 6,281 4,572 577
Casualty 4,963 3,939 81
Marine 2,142 1,759 85
Energy 1,533 1,093 189
Motor 1,213 1,082 (69)
Aviation 582 377 (8)
Life 72 73 5
Total from syndicate operations 25,283 19,575 2,110
Transactions between syndicates and the Society (notes 2 and 7) and insurance
operations of the Society – – 219
PFFS premiums and underwriting result 25,283 19,575 2,329
Allocated investment return transferred from the non-technical account 666
Balance on the technical account for general business 2,995
Gross Net Under-
written earned writing
premiums premium result
2013 £m £m £m
Reinsurance 8,977 6,760 1,321
Property 6,103 4,551 681
Casualty 4,850 3,826 47
Marine 2,195 1,835 84
Energy 1,668 1,181 201
Motor 1,184 1,014 (87)
Aviation 562 485 90
Life 76 73 –
Total from syndicate operations 25,615 19,725 2,337
Transactions between syndicates and the Society (notes 2 and 7) and insurance
operations of the Society – – 268
PFFS premiums and underwriting result 25,615 19,725 2,605
Allocated investment return transferred from the non-technical account 337
Balance on the technical account for general business 2,942
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Market Results 67
10. Life business
The PFFS include the results of all life and non-life syndicates transacting business during 2014. The results and net
assets for life syndicates are not material and have not been separately disclosed in the profit and loss account and
balance sheet. The results for life business are reported in the segmental analysis (note 9).
11. Net operating expenses
2014 2013
£m £m
Acquisition costs 5,808 5,674
Change in deferred acquisition costs (296) (226)
Administrative expenses 2,149 1,869
Underlying operating expenses 7,661 7,317
(Profit)/loss on exchange (5) 222
7,656 7,539
12. Syndicate investment return
2014 2013
£m £m
Income from investments 649 689
Net realised gains/(losses) on investments 63 (32)
Net unrealised gains/(losses) on investments 83 (223)
Investment management expenses, including interest (46) (55)
749 379
The breakdown of the Society investment return is provided in the Society’s financial statements on page 144.
This analysis is not appropriate for the notional investment return on funds at Lloyd’s.
13. Financial Investments
2014 2013
£m £m
Shares and other variable yield securities and units in unit trusts 6,617 5,679
Debt securities and other fixed income securities 31,953 29,225
Participation in investment pools 1,451 1,908
Loans and deposits with credit institutions 4,900 5,343
Other 87 97
45,008 42,252
The following table provides an analysis of the credit disposition of syndicate investments.
2014 2013
£m £m
Government, agency and supranational 11,803 11,738
‘AAA’ rated 4,306 4,260
‘AA’ rated 4,332 3,996
‘A’ rated 6,923 5,960
‘BBB’ and lower rated 2,564 2,095
Equity and hedge funds 1,887 1,253
Cash equivalents 2,748 2,866
Total syndicate investments 34,563 32,168
FAL investments 7,884 7,731
Society investments 2,561 2,353
Total per PFFS 45,008 42,252
Government, agency and supranational investments are predominantly within the US, UK and Canada.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Market Results 68
Notes to the Pro Forma
Financial Statements continued
As at 31 December 2014
13. Financial Investments continued
The following table provides an analysis of the average duration of syndicate fixed income securities.
2014 2013
% %
Less than one year 13 7
Between one and two years 41 38
Between two and three years 23 35
Over three years 23 20
Total per PFFS 100 100
The average duration of syndicate fixed income securities was 2.3 years (2013 2.3 years). The average duration for claims
provisions was approximately three years.
14. Cash at bank and in hand
Cash at bank and in hand includes letters of credit and bank guarantees held in trust within members’ FAL to meet
policyholder claims as required, totalling £7,864m (2013: £7,450m).
15. Members’ balances
2014 2013
£m £m
Balance at 1 January 3,635 2,048
Result for the year per syndicate annual accounts 2,861 2,717
Distribution on closure of the 2011 (2010) year of account (1,371) (889)
Advance distributions from open years of account (239) (173)
Movement in cash calls 98 125
Net capital transferred into/(out of) syndicate premium trust funds 80 (31)
Foreign currency movements 158 (150)
Other movements (33) (12)
Balance at 31 December 5,189 3,635
Members participate on syndicates by reference to years of account. Members’ ultimate results, assets and liabilities are
assessed by year of account with reference to policies incepting in that year of account. Members’ balances represent the
net profit/(loss) to be distributed/(collected) by syndicates to/(from) the members. Where there are profits and funds at
Lloyd’s held in excess of members’ capital requirements, they will be distributed in the second quarter of 2015.
Members that only participate on one syndicate may hold the capital supporting their underwriting in their syndicate’s
premium trust funds. Where a member takes advantage of this facility in the year, the movement is reflected in the
above table as ‘net capital transferred into/(out of) syndicate premium trust funds’.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Market Results 69
16. Technical provisions
Restated
2014 2013
Gross £m £m
Claims reported 19,048 19,601
Claims incurred but not reported and unallocated loss adjustment expenses 19,086 18,020
Unearned premiums 12,562 11,656
Total technical provisions, gross 50,696 49,277
Recoverable from reinsurers
Claims reported 4,908 5,505
Claims incurred but not reported and unallocated loss adjustment expenses 3,877 3,690
Unearned premiums 1,961 1,727
Total reinsurers’ share of technical provisions 10,746 10,922
Net
Claims reported 14,140 14,096
Claims incurred but not reported and unallocated loss adjustment expenses 15,209 14,330
Unearned premiums 10,601 9,929
Total net technical provisions 39,950 38,355
17. Five year summary
2014 2013 2012 2011 2010
Results £m £m £m £m £m
Gross written premiums (restated) 25,283 25,615 25,173 23,337 22,425
Net written premiums 20,024 20,231 19,435 18,472 17,656
Net earned premiums 19,575 19,725 18,685 18,100 17,111
Result attributable to underwriting 2,329 2,605 1,661 (1,237) 1,143
Result for the year before tax 3,161 3,205 2,771 (516) 2,195
Assets employed
Cash and investments 54,860 51,494 51,767 51,416 48,483
Net technical provisions 39,950 38,355 39,078 39,765 36,191
Other net assets 7,676 7,247 6,611 6,565 5,899
Capital and reserves 22,586 20,386 19,300 18,216 18,191
Statistics
Combined ratio (%) 88.1 86.8 91.1 106.8 93.3
Return on capital (%) 14.7 16.2 14.8 (2.8) 12.1
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Market Results 70
Security Underlying Policies Issued at Lloyd’s
As at 31 December 2014
Summary
There are separate premiums trust funds for life business
and non-life business. There is a further segregation in
Lloyd’s is not an insurance company, it is a Society of that a number of the premiums trust funds are exclusively
members, both corporate and individual, which underwrite available to support certain international underwriting
insurance in syndicates. These syndicates can comprise of members. The Lloyd’s Dollar Trust Funds (LDTF)
one single corporate member or any number of members, receive premiums in respect of US dollar denominated
underwriting severally for their own account. non-life business underwritten or incepting on or after
1 August 1995. Receipts in respect of non-life US dollar
There were 94 syndicates (excluding syndicates set up denominated business originally written and incepting
to accept RITC of orphan syndicates but including the before that date were held in the Lloyd’s American Trust
12 Special Purpose Syndicates) as at 31 December 2014 Fund (LATF) of each member, in New York. During
registered to conduct business at Lloyd’s. Each syndicate 2009 arrangements were made, in agreement with the
is managed by a managing agent. Managing agents New York Insurance Department, to transfer the non-
write insurance business on behalf of the member(s) life underwriting liabilities in relation to the insurance
of the syndicate, which receive profits or bear losses business incepting before 1 August 1995 previously
in proportion to their share in the syndicate for each held in the LATF, into the LDTF.
underwriting year of account. The adoption of annual
accounting and presentation of the syndicate annual The other international premiums trust funds are
accounts do not change the allocation of profits and the Lloyd’s Canadian Trust Fund (LCTF) in Canada,
losses to members. comprising members’ receipts in respect of Canadian
situs business and the Lloyd’s Asia trust funds for general
The Lloyd’s Chain of Security
business written by members through service companies
in Singapore.
The three key features of the Lloyd’s Chain of Security
provide strong security to all Lloyd’s policyholders, reflected Members must ensure that there are sufficient funds
in the high ratings assigned by leading rating agencies. in the members’ premiums trust fund for the syndicate
to meet all claims, necessary expenses and outgoings
The first two links in the Lloyd’s Chain of Security each in connection with the syndicate business; they are
operates on a several basis: each member’s resources are required to meet a request to make such funds available
only available to meet their share of claims. The third (a ‘cash call’). Cash calls are met by members from their
link represents assets available to meet the liabilities own resources or, if necessary, from their FAL or, at the
of any member on a mutual basis. The key features Council’s discretion, the New Central Fund.
of the Chain of Security are summarised below and
the sections which follow describe each of these links Premiums trust funds are used to fund international
in greater detail. regulatory deposits. The US situs business of each
syndicate is supported by US situs syndicate level trust
The Chain of Security supports policies written for funds (for US situs surplus lines business, US situs
the 1993 and subsequent years of account for non-life reinsurance business as accredited reinsurers, and for
business and all life business written at Lloyd’s. Illinois and Kentucky licensed business respectively).
Liabilities in relation to the 1992 and prior years of In addition, separate joint asset trust funds provide joint
account for non-life business were reinsured into Equitas security for members’ US situs surplus lines, US situs
as at 31 December 1995, as part of ‘Reconstruction and reinsurance and Kentucky business respectively.
Renewal’. Subsequently, the 1992 and prior liabilities
were subject to a statutory transfer to Equitas Insurance These deposits would be available to meet judgement
Limited under Part VII of the Financial Services and debts of a member in respect of business connected
Markets Act in June 2009. with the relevant international territory in the event
that the relevant premiums trust fund for the member,
The first link
even after replenishment from other links in the Chain
of Security and other free assets of the member in
The first link in the Chain of Security is the member’s question, was inadequate.
premiums trust funds, and other assets held in trust at
syndicate level. To protect the interests of policyholders, Underwriters also maintain regulatory deposit trust funds
all premiums and other monies received or receivable in Australia and South Africa and various deposits in
in connection with the member’s underwriting business other countries.
are initially paid into the premiums trust funds of the
syndicate concerned. Payments from these funds may The total value of all the above funds was £45,139m
only be made to meet permitted trust outgoings: claims, at 31 December 2014.
reinsurance premiums, underwriting expenses and the
like, including funding international regulatory deposits.
Profit is not distributed until provision has been made
for all outstanding liabilities.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Market Results 71
The second link The third link
The second link is members’ capital provided to support The third link is the central resources of the Society.
their underwriting. These are the assets of the Central Fund (comprising the
New Central Fund and the ‘Old’ Central Fund and other
The capital provided by every member is assessed assets of the Society).
according to the Lloyd’s Individual Capital Assessment
(ICA) capital setting framework. When agreed, each The New Central Fund has been established to be available,
ICA is then ‘uplifted’ (by 35% for 2014) to provide at the discretion of the Council of Lloyd’s, to ensure that
an extra buffer to support Lloyd’s rating and financial policyholders’ claims are met in the event of members
strength. This uplifted ICA, which is the Economic being unable to meet their underwriting liabilities relating
Capital Assessment (ECA), is used to determine to 1993 and post non-life business and all life business.
members’ capital requirements subject to prescribed In practice, this entails the payment of syndicate cash calls
minimum levels. where a member is unable to do so from their FAL or
their own resources. The New Central Fund is funded
The PRA oversees the annual review of syndicate by annual contributions from members.
ICAs by the Corporation, which reviews the historical
performance, business plans and risk appetite of that The net assets of the Central Fund as at 31 December
syndicate in assessing the adequacy of the capital level 2014 were £1,590m.
proposed. The PRA also reviews a small sample of
syndicate ICAs in order to validate the effectiveness In 2004 and 2014, Lloyd’s issued subordinated loan notes
of the reviews carried out by the Corporation. and in 2007 perpetual capital securities which, as at
31 December 2014, are included as a liability of £885m
This capital is commonly held as FAL but from 1 July within the Society’s financial statements. As set out in note
2007 can be held by aligned corporate members within 17 to the Society’s financial statements, payments on the
the premiums trust fund (see first link above). notes are subordinated to certain payments which may
be made out of central assets, including payments made
FAL comprise the three trust funds in which members’ to discharge the liabilities of an insolvent member to any
assets may be held: the Lloyd’s deposit, the special reserve person (including any policyholders) arising out of or in
fund and the personal reserve fund. These are each connection with insurance business carried on at Lloyd’s
available to meet cash calls made on the member in by that insolvent member.
respect of a syndicate. The assets in FAL must be readily
realisable; this includes letters of credit and bank and Central Fund assets may be supplemented by a ‘callable
other guarantees. A member is required to have sufficient layer’ of up to 3% of members’ overall premium limits
assets at least equivalent to the aggregate of the member’s in any one calendar year. These funds would be drawn
ECA and certain liabilities in respect of its underwriting from premiums trust funds (described and included
business. The amount of FAL assets required will depend in the first link).
on the net open year underwriting position of the member,
i.e. if the net open year position is a deficit then the member In addition, the other assets of the Society, totalling
will be required to add additional FAL to cover this £103m at 31 December 2014, are available to meet
deficiency, if the net open year position is a surplus the underwriting liabilities in the last resort.
member can use these surplus assets towards their ECA
requirement, thus reducing the value of their assets In aggregate, the value of the central resources of the
to be held as FAL. Society (excluding the subordinated debt liability
and the callable layer), amounted to £2,578m
Minimum capital ratios are set at 40% of overall at 31 December 2014.
premium limits (25% for those members writing
Aggregate resources
mainly EU motor business).
Individual members underwrite with unlimited liability The total of syndicate assets, members’ capital to support
and thus may be required to meet their share of claims underwriting (i.e. funds at Lloyd’s and capital held in
to the full extent of their wealth. A corporate member syndicate premiums trust funds) and central resources
may also have assets, beyond its capital to support of the Society as at 31 December 2014 was £63,421m.
underwriting, which can be called upon to meet its The total of net syndicate technical provisions at the
underwriting liabilities. end of 2014 was £39,950m. The total net resources of
the Society and its members were therefore £23,471m
At 31 December 2014, the total value of capital supporting (excluding the subordinated debt liability) as shown
underwriting held in trust by members amounted to in the PFFS on page 59.
£15,704m (a further £2,709m of capital supporting
underwriting is held in members’ premiums trust funds
as part of the first link).
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Market Results 72
Security Underlying Policies Issued at Lloyd’s
continued
As at 31 December 2014
Aggregate resources continued
Lloyd’s is required to maintain solvency on a continuous
basis, and the solvency position of each member, and thus
The aggregated resources are based on the total of the of Lloyd’s as a whole, is monitored on a regular basis.
assets and liabilities of all members and those of the
Society. The aggregate declared resources of the Society The PRA are advised of the results of this monitoring.
do not represent a consolidated statement of the financial
The Lloyd’s return
position of Lloyd’s business taken as a single entity and,
as indicated above, the first two links in the Chain of
Security operate on a several, not mutual, basis. Each year, Lloyd’s files the Lloyd’s return with the PRA.
This return is intended to ensure Lloyd’s regulatory
Solvency controls
reporting requirements are in line with other UK
insurers, adapted where appropriate to reflect Lloyd’s
One of the most important controls on the solvency unique structure. This return reports the results of the
of the members of Lloyd’s is the annual solvency test. Lloyd’s solvency test.
Recapitalisation at member level
The annual solvency process requires the managing agent
of each syndicate to estimate and provide for all current
and future liabilities for each year of account. These The free funds available to a member to meet its capital
liabilities, ‘technical provisions for solvency’, are subject requirements may fall below the required level for two
to a statement of actuarial opinion. The requirement for reasons: first, increases to syndicate ICAs, following
an opinion and its required wording, that the net a material change to the risk profile of the business;
technical provisions for solvency are not less than the or second, erosion of funds due to losses.
current and future liabilities, is a higher test than
required in the UK company market. In the event that In either case, the timetable for recapitalisation and
it is not possible for the managing agent to secure an the intervention by Lloyd’s will depend on the extent
unqualified actuarial opinion for any reason, the of the shortfall.
technical provisions for solvency would be determined
by the Lloyd’s Actuary, who would provide a report to All members are subject to biannual (June and November)
the PRA. In addition, any syndicate which is not able Coming into Line (CIL), where members are required
to secure an unqualified actuarial opinion will normally to hold free funds to meet their ECA. Lloyd’s has powers
be subject to a monitoring review by Lloyd’s. There were to require members to meet their ECA at all times, but
no qualified actuarial opinions as at 31 December 2014. will normally permit recapitalisation in accordance with
this biannual timetable, provided that members’ free
The Lloyd’s solvency test has two stages to the calculation: funds remain above their ICA. Where a member’s funds
fall below their ICA level, Lloyd’s requires members
First, each member’s solvency position is calculated. to inject additional capital outside of the normal CIL
Each member must have sufficient assets – those held timetable.
in the premiums trust funds, international regulatory
deposits and its capital to support underwriting – Where there is a material exposure to the Central Fund
to cover its underwriting liabilities and on top of this and policyholder security, underwriting restrictions
an additional margin known as the member’s capital or other measures may be imposed to mitigate the risks
resources requirement (MCRR). The MCRR is until capital is lodged at Lloyd’s.
calculated separately for each member, determined as
the greater of 16% of annual premium income or 23% In accordance with the continuous solvency regime,
of average claims incurred over a three-year period. where a member’s free funds fall below the level of
Premiums and claims in respect of certain types of regulatory solvency (underwriting losses plus MCRR),
liability business have their value increased by 50%, the existing powers to immediately suspend underwriting
for the purpose of this calculation. Where a member’s or take any other measures deemed appropriate to
assets are not sufficient to cover the aggregate of its Lloyd’s may be used.
underwriting liabilities and its MCRR, the member
has a solvency shortfall.
The second part of the solvency test calculation requires
that the net central assets of the Society must be sufficient
to cover the aggregate of all members’ shortfalls calculated
at the solvency test date. Central assets include the value
of the Central Fund and the other net assets of the Society,
excluding the subordinated debt liability but including
the callable layer – for this purpose, the ‘effective’ callable
layer, i.e. that part of the callable layer not attributable
to members with a solvency shortfall.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Market Results 73
Total net resources of the Society of Lloyd’s and its members
2014 2013
£m £m
I Syndicate level assets (several basis) 45,139 41,990
II Members’ funds at Lloyd’s (several basis) 15,704 15,088
III Central assets (mutual basis)
Net Central Fund assets 1,590 1,513
Subordinated debt 497 330
Subordinated perpetual capital securities 388 391
Other net assets of the Society 103 150
2,578 2,384
Total resources of the Society of Lloyd’s and its members 63,421 59,462
Net syndicate technical provisions (39,950) (38,355)
Total net resources of the Society of Lloyd’s and its members 23,471 21,107
Notes
This financial summary has been compiled by aggregating the assets and liabilities of all the underlying syndicates, members’ funds at Lloyd’s and other
net assets of the Society of Lloyd’s. The statement does not purport to disclose the solvency position of each member of Lloyd’s.
The ‘total net resources of the Society of Lloyd’s and its members’ represents the capital, reserves and subordinated notes and securities shown in the
PFFS as set out on page 59.
Syndicate level assets includes capital to support underwriting held by aligned corporate members in the syndicate premiums trust funds.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

yteicoS
tropeR
Introduction 75
Financial Highlights 76
Corporate Governance 77
Internal Control Statement 94
Report of the
Remuneration Committee 96
Report of the
Audit Committee 113
Report of the Lloyd’s
Members’ Ombudsman 115
Financial Review 116
Statement of the Council of
Lloyd’s Responsibilities for
the Financial Statements 122
Independent Auditor’s
Report to the Members
of the Society of Lloyd’s 123
Group Income Statement 128
Group Statement of
Comprehensive Income 129
Group Statement of
Financial Position 130
Group Statement of
Changes in Equity 131
Group Statement of
Cash Flows 132
Notes to the Financial
Statements 133
Five Year Summary 172

Society Report 75
Introduction
This report The Society
This report sets out the principal activities, governance By Lloyd’s Act 1871, the then existing association
arrangements and 2014 consolidated financial statements of underwriters was incorporated as the Society and
of the Society of Lloyd’s. Corporation of Lloyd’s (the Society).
In order to obtain an overview of the Society’s operations, Its activities are governed by statute and, since 1982,
however, this report should be read in conjunction with have been managed by the Council of Lloyd’s pursuant
the rest of the Annual Report that looks at the Lloyd’s to Lloyd’s Act 1982.
market as a whole.
The Society is not an insurance company, although
The Lloyd’s market comprises members underwriting the Group does include insurance company subsidiary
through syndicates and members and managing agents undertakings.
each supported by the Society of Lloyd’s. The interests
of the Society and the market are interrelated and Its principal activities are:
therefore the sections above may refer to both.
–
To facilitate the carrying on of insurance business by
The Society’s 2014 consolidated financial statements are members of Lloyd’s, who join together as syndicates to
included in this report together with a financial review. insure and reinsure risks, and the protection of their
The financial results of the members of Lloyd’s are not interests in this context.
–
part of these financial statements but can be found within To maintain the Lloyd’s Central Fund where assets are
the market results section starting on page 56. held and administered at the discretion of the Council
of Lloyd’s, primarily as funds available for the
protection of policyholders.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 76
Financial Highlights
Restated Restated
2014 2013 2012 2011 2010
£m £m £m £m £m
Operating result
Operating and other Group income 233 220 215 222 427
Central Fund contributions 102 106 105 95 101
Total income 335 326 320 317 528
Central Fund claims and provisions (incurred)/released (1) (18) (26) (15) 34
Central Fund repayment (49) – – – –
Net insurance claims and provisions 1 – – 24 17
Other Group operating expenses (227) (219) (206) (249) (214)
Operating surplus 59 89 88 77 365
Net finance income and unrealised exchange differences on
borrowings 42 (17) 59 36 75
Share of profits of associates 8 7 6 5 5
Surplus before tax 109 79 153 118 445
Tax charge (18) (14) (34) (29) (122)
Surplus for the year 91 65 119 89 323
Balance sheet
Net assets 1,693 1,635 1,564 1,490 1,447
Movement in net assets % 3.55% 4.54% 4.97% 2.97% 28.5%
Solvency*
Central assets for solvency purposes 3,245 3,125 3,185 3,091 3,028
Solvency shortfalls (19) (34) (94) (115) (123)
Excess of central assets over solvency shortfalls 3,226 3,091 3,091 2,976 2,905
Solvency ratio % 17079% 9191% 3420% 2688% 2462%
Movement in central assets for solvency purposes % 3.8% (1.9%) 3.0% 2.1% 7.6%
* The solvency position for 2014 is estimated and will be finalised in June 2015 for submission to the PRA.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 77
Corporate Governance
Lloyd’s governance structure provides
challenge, clarity and accountability.
Principal Committees of Lloyd’s (Figure 13)
The Council
of Lloyd’s
Franchise
Board
Nominations Remuneration Audit
Committee Committee Committee
Risk Market Supervision Capacity Transfer Investment
Committee and Review Committee Panel Committee
The Council and Franchise Board
The Council of Lloyd’s is the governing body of the Society of Lloyd’s and has ultimate
responsibility for overall management of the market. The Council delegates many of its functions
to the Franchise Board, whose members are appointed by the Council and come from both inside
and outside the Lloyd’s market.
The day-to-day powers and functions of the Council and Franchise Board are carried out by the
Corporation’s Executive Team – the Chief Executive, the Directors of the Corporation, the Head of
Marketing and Communications, the Head of Human Resources and the Secretary to the Council.
Lloyd’s is regulated by the PRA and FCA, which have direct supervision of managing agents and
monitor capital and solvency. The Corporation is active in managing risk within the market to ensure
that Lloyd’s central assets, brand, licences and reputation remain protected.
The Council of Lloyd’s is committed to the principle of good corporate governance and supports
the application of the principles of the UK Corporate Governance Code, as far as they can be
applied to the governance of a Society of members and a market of separate competing entities.
The members of the Council of
Lloyd’s and Franchise Board are
listed on pages 86-93.
Details of the Executive Team
can be found at:
www.lloyds.com/executiveteam
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 78
Corporate Governance
continued
Governing body: The Council of Lloyd’s
The presence of working and external members of the
Council enables the nominated members to gain an
Under Lloyd’s Act 1982, the Council of Lloyd’s has the understanding of the views of key stakeholders in the
management and superintendence of the affairs of the Lloyd’s market.
Society and the power to regulate and direct the business
of insurance at Lloyd’s. Certain functions are reserved to Other than the CEO, no member of Council may serve
the Council including: more than nine years in aggregate on the Council or
Franchise Board.
–
The making, amendment or revocation of byelaws
(which are available at www.lloyds.com/byelaws). Chairman and Deputy Chairmen
–
The setting of Central Fund contribution rates. In accordance with Lloyd’s Act 1982, the Chairman
–
Appointing the Chairman and Deputy Chairmen and Deputy Chairmen of Lloyd’s are elected annually
of Council. by special resolution of the Council from among its
members. One of the Chairman and Deputy Chairmen
Beyond the reserved functions, the Council can delegate must be a working member of the Council. This position
its powers or functions to any person, committee or is currently filled by Rupert Atkin.
employee of the Society.
The Chairman of Lloyd’s is contracted to work three
The Council has delegated authority for the day-to-day days a week but commits as much time as is necessary
management of the market to the Franchise Board. to undertake the role. The Council acknowledges that
The Franchise Board is able, in turn, to sub-delegate the Chairman has other commitments outside Lloyd’s
authority to the CEO and through her to the Lloyd’s (see page 86) and is satisfied that these can be
Executive. In addition, the Council has delegated accommodated with the Chairmanship of Lloyd’s.
authority to carry out specified functions to committees
including the Audit, Remuneration, and Nominations Andy Haste (a nominated member) was appointed
Committees, as summarised below. Senior Independent Deputy Chairman (Lloyd’s
equivalent of the Senior Independent Director)
The relationship between the Council and the Franchise with effect from 1 November 2012.
Board is defined in the Council’s Governance Policies
which clarify the role of the Council and establish a Meetings
more structured relationship with the Franchise Board. The Council met five times in 2014. These meetings are
Further details on the role and functions of the Franchise structured to allow open discussion. At each meeting the
Board and the Governance Policies are set out below. Council receives certain regular reports – for example,
a written report from the CEO and oral updates from
Membership its principal committees. It also reviews the quarterly
The Council comprises a maximum of 18 members, Management Information Pack.
split between six working, six external and six nominated
members. The biographical details of the current members A table showing Council members’ attendance at Council
of the Council (as at 25 March 2015) are listed on and Committee meetings which they were eligible to
pages 86-90. attend is set out on pages 84-85.
Nominated members are usually appointed for three-year The detailed arrangements for Lloyd’s governance
terms which can be renewed. They may be regarded, for processes are set out in the Council’s Governance Policies
the purposes of the Code, as independent members of the and the Constitutional Requirements as set out in the
Council with the exception of the Chairman and CEO Constitutional Arrangements Byelaw.
who are included within their number.
Working and external members are generally elected for
terms of three years by the working and external
members of the Society respectively. In the elections for
working members, voting operates on a one member, one
vote basis. In the elections for external members, the
voting entitlement of an external member of the Society
is based on the member’s allocated underwriting capacity
as determined under the Constitutional Arrangements
Byelaw (No.2 of 2010).
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 79
Governance Policies and the Constitutional Franchise Board
Requirements
The Council established the Franchise Board as from
The Governance Policies 1 January 2003 and set it a goal: ‘To create and maintain
Among other matters, the Governance Policies are a commercial environment at Lloyd’s in which the
intended to improve the clarity around the role of the long-term return to all capital providers is maximised’.
Council and to establish a more structured relationship
with the Franchise Board. Specific functions delegated to the Franchise Board
include:
The Governance Policies establish the purpose for Lloyd’s:
–
‘To maintain, in accordance with Lloyd’s Acts, an Determining the major risks to the Lloyd’s market and
organisation that will enable the long-term return from determining appropriate action to address or mitigate
carrying out the business of insurance to be maximised those risks.
–
for capital providers’ (i.e. members). Determining the key factors, levers and drivers which
may affect the profitability of the Lloyd’s market.
–
Under the Governance Policies, the Council is responsible Developing and implementing a strategy to achieve
for assessing the long-term strategic development of the Franchise Goal.
–
Lloyd’s by reference to both the interests of capital Supervising, regulating and directing the business
providers and other stakeholders and through an evaluation of insurance at Lloyd’s.
of economic, political and social issues impacting the
international insurance and reinsurance markets. The Franchise Board has reserved to itself a list of
specific functions and powers that only it may deal with.
As the Council has delegated authority for the majority The Franchise Board may sub-delegate authority to the
of its functions (other than its reserved matters) to the CEO, directors and employees of the Corporation save
Franchise Board, the Governance Policies also define the in respect of those functions and powers reserved to it,
accountability linkage between the Franchise Board and the Council and their committees. The Franchise Board’s
the Council. This includes determining the boundaries committees, the CEO, directors and employees must act
within which the Franchise Board will operate (the in accordance with the Franchise Board Limitations
Franchise Board Limitations) and establishing a (including the Franchise Principles) and in accordance
Monitoring and Assurance regime which, among other with the strategy, policy and principles set by the
matters, requires the Chairman of the Franchise Board Franchise Board.
to report to the Council on all material issues impacting
the world insurance market and Lloyd’s as well as Matters reserved to the Franchise Board include:
providing a summary of key performance indicators.
–
Setting the policy and principles relating to the
The Constitutional Requirements supervision, regulation and direction of the business
The Constitutional Requirements align, so far as of insurance at Lloyd’s (the Market Supervision
appropriate, Lloyd’s governance arrangements with the Framework), in compliance with PRA and FCA
Companies Act 2006. They include provisions concerning requirements.
–
the duties and responsibilities of Council members. Considering and approving Lloyd’s risk appetite
These same duties also apply to members of the Franchise (both at Corporation and market level).
–
Board and the other Lloyd’s committees. Setting policy for the admission and removal
of participants in the Lloyd’s market.
–
In summary, members of the Council, Franchise Board Admitting and removing managing agents.
–
and their committees are required to act in a way which Determining the Franchise Standards for managing
‘would be most likely to promote the success of the Society agents and approving the Three-Year and Annual Plan
for the benefit of the members as a whole’ and must have and Budget of the Corporation.
–
regard to: Approving the Lloyd’s Society level capital
requirements.
–
The likely consequences of any decision in the
long term.
–
The need of the Society:
- To foster business relations with those who do
business at Lloyd’s.
- To have regard to the interests of its employees.
- To consider the impact of its operations on the
community and the environment.
- To maintain a reputation for high standards of
business conduct.
The Constitutional Requirements also deal with conflicts
of interest and collective responsibility.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 80
Corporate Governance
continued
Franchise Board continued
Reports from the internal and external auditors on aspects
of internal control and reports from the Legal and
Membership and meetings Compliance department on internal and international
Biographical details of the members of the Franchise compliance are reviewed by the Audit Committee and
Board as at 25 March 2015 are listed on pages 91-93. appropriate action taken in response.
At the end of 2014, the Franchise Board comprised:
The Audit Committee submits an annual report to the
–
The Chairman of Lloyd’s (who was also its Chairman). Council. It also reports to the Council and the Franchise
–
The CEO, the Director, Performance Management, Board on its proceedings after each meeting. Additional
the Chief Risk Officer & General Counsel and the reports are submitted to the Council and/or the Franchise
Director, Finance. Board on matters of material interest as and when
–
Three non-executives connected with the Lloyd’s necessary. The minutes of Audit Committee meetings
market. are submitted to the Franchise Board and the Council.
–
Five independent non-executives.
The Audit Committee is chaired by Claire Ighodaro
The presence of market connected non-executive (an independent non-executive director on the Franchise
directors enables the independent non-executives to Board) and its remaining members are drawn from both
gain an understanding of market practitioner views the Council and the Franchise Board. A table showing
and perspectives. Audit Committee members’ attendance at Audit
Committee meetings is set out on pages 84-85.
Other than the Lloyd’s Executives no member of the
Franchise Board may serve more than nine years in The Audit Committee met on five occasions in 2014.
aggregate on the Franchise Board or the Council. The Audit Committee’s full report is on pages 113-114.
The Franchise Board held ten scheduled meetings Nominations Committee
in 2014. It also held a full day offsite focusing on the The Nominations Committee is responsible for making
strategic risks and challenges facing Lloyd’s and their recommendations to the Council on the appointment of the
impact on Lloyd’s current strategy. Chairman, CEO, new nominated Council members,
Franchise Board members (including the executive directors
Franchise Board meetings are structured to allow open on the Board), members of a number of the Council and
discussion. At each scheduled meeting, the Franchise Franchise Board committees and the Secretary to the
Board receives certain regular reports – for example, Council. The Nominations Committee is also responsible
a written report from the CEO. It also reviews the for succession planning arrangements for these positions.
quarterly Management Information Pack. The Franchise
Board papers and minutes are made available to members The Nominations Committee will meet at least twice
of the Council. annually and otherwise at the discretion of its Chairman
or as directed by the Council. The Nominations Committee
A table showing Franchise Board members’ attendance reports to the Council and Franchise Board on its
at Franchise Board and Committee meetings which they proceedings after each meeting on all matters relating
were eligible to attend is set out on pages 84-85. to its duties and powers. A written report is submitted
to the Council annually.
The Principal Committees of the Council
Apart from the annual exercise of making recommendations
Audit Committee with respect to the composition of Council and Franchise
The Audit Committee’s role is to ensure that the financial Board committees (together with any other necessary
activities of Lloyd’s are subject to independent review and changes in composition during the year), the Nominations
audit. The Audit Committee’s functions include: Committee made the following major recommendations
to the Council during 2014:
–
Reviewing Lloyd’s annual and interim financial
–
statements, the aggregate syndicate results and the To reappoint the Chairman for a second three-year
Lloyd’s Return to the PRA. term with effect from 17 October 2014.
– –
Reviewing both the external and internal audit plans To appoint Fred Hu as a Nominated member of
and the compliance plan. Council. The Committee was assisted by Russell
Reynolds (an external search consultant) with a brief
The CEO, Chief Risk Officer & General Counsel, to find an international business figure from one of
Director, Finance, senior managers and the external the faster-growing economies in Asia. Dr Hu’s
and internal auditors attend meetings as appropriate. appointment commenced on 12 May 2014.
–
The Chairman also attends some Audit Committee To appoint John Parry as Director, Finance
meetings by invitation. (the previous role, Director, Finance and Operations,
was split in two and the Director, Finance has primary
responsibility for the Finance, Tax, Treasury and
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 81
Investment Management, and Market Reserving and Diversity
Capital Departments). Russell Reynolds assisted with The Nominations Committee is fully apprised of, and
the search process which was concentrated in the supportive of, the need for recent and relevant experience
wider financial services industry but also included and diversity. The Franchise Board and the Council are
an internal candidate, John Parry, who was eventually also specifically aware of the need to increase gender
appointed. Mr Parry’s appointment commenced on diversity on both bodies. It is difficult to establish a target
11 December 2014, although he acted as Interim for the number of women on the Council, given that it is
Finance Director from 1 July 2014. two-thirds elected but gender diversity will be encouraged.
–
To appoint Sean McGovern, Lloyd’s Chief Risk The Franchise Board, however, with the support of the
Officer & General Counsel, as an executive director Nominations Committee has established an aspirational
on the Franchise Board. Mr McGovern’s appointment target of 25% of the Board being women by 2016.
commenced on 16 May 2014. Although this is one year later than the target date set by
–
To appoint Joy Griffiths as an independent non- Lord Davies in his report Women on Boards, it is seen as
executive director on the Franchise Board. The essential if Lloyd’s is to recruit the highest quality
Committee was assisted by external search consultants candidates. The search for a new independent non-
(The Zygos Partnership) with a brief to find a full-time executive director was conducted with this target in mind.
executive from outside Lloyd’s to bring broad-based
managerial and operational experience to the Board, The Nominations Committee is chaired by the Chairman
with particular reference to the management of data. of Lloyd’s and its remaining members are drawn from
Ms Griffiths’s term began on 25 April 2014. both the Council and the Franchise Board.
–
To reappoint Sir Andrew Cahn as an independent
non-executive director on the Franchise Board for A table showing the Nominations Committee members’
a second term of three years from 4 April 2014. attendance at scheduled Nominations Committee
–
To reappoint Charles Franks and Nick Furlonge as meetings is set out on pages 84-85. The Nominations
market-connected non-executive directors on the Committee held three scheduled meetings in 2014.
Franchise Board. Mr Franks’s reappointment was for
a second three-year term and Mr Furlonge was Remuneration Committee
reappointed for a further two years (taking him to The Remuneration Committee is responsible for setting
nine years in total). Both reappointments were remuneration arrangements for the Chairman, CEO,
effective as from 1 January 2015. executive directors and the Secretary to the Council.
The Remuneration Committee’s proposals are considered
The Nominations Committee’s recommendations were by both the Franchise Board and the Council.
accepted by the Council.
Non-executive remuneration is decided by the Council,
In the first quarter of 2015, the Nominations Committee on recommendation from the Chairman and CEO who
completed its search for a new market connected may consult the Remuneration Committee as part of
non-executive director on the Franchise Board to replace that process.
Andrew Kendrick, who will retire on 31 March 2015,
having completed nine years’ service. The Nominations The Remuneration Committee will meet at least twice
Committee proposed to Council that Mark Cloutier, a year and otherwise at the discretion of its Chairman
CEO of Brit PLC, should be appointed to the Franchise or as directed by the Council. The Remuneration
Board. Council agreed the recommendation on Committee reports to the Council and Franchise
4 February 2015. Board on its proceedings after each meeting on all
matters relating to its duties and powers and makes
Neither an external search consultant nor any advertising recommendations to the Council or Franchise Board
was used to identify Mr Kendrick’s successor as the on any area within its remit where action or improvement
Nominations Committee was able to make use of its is needed. The Remuneration Committee submits a
knowledge of senior market practitioners to identify written report to the Council annually.
suitable candidates.
The Remuneration Committee is chaired by the Senior
None of the search consultants used by the Committee has Independent Deputy Chairman. The Chairman is a
any connection with the Society. member of the committee and its remaining members are
drawn from both the Council and the Franchise Board.
To assist with succession planning, the Nominations A table showing Remuneration Committee members’
Committee also considered the future skills, knowledge attendance at Remuneration Committee meetings is set
and experience likely to be needed by the Franchise Board out on pages 84-85.
and the Council. The searches referred to above were
conducted after taking into account this work. The Remuneration Committee met on four occasions
in 2014. The Remuneration Committee’s full report is
on pages 96-112.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 82
Corporate Governance
continued
The Principal Committees of the Franchise Board
additional reports on matters of material concern as and
when necessary. The Investment Committee is required
Risk Committee to obtain the approval of the Franchise Board before
This is chaired by the CEO and its other current making any decisions which may materially affect the
members are the Director, Performance Management, financial risks applying to the Society or Lloyd’s market
the Chief Risk Officer & General Counsel and the entities. A table showing Investment Committee
Director, Finance. It reports quarterly to the Franchise members’ attendance at Investment Committee meetings
Board. It also provides updates to the Audit Committee is set out on pages 84-85. The Investment Committee
and the Council. Its activities are set out on pages 37-39. met on five occasions in 2014.
Terms of reference and appointment terms
A table showing the Risk Committee members’
attendance at meetings is set out on pages 84-85.
It met on 11 occasions in 2014. The terms of reference for the Council, Franchise
Board and their committees (including the Audit,
Market Supervision and Review Committee (MSARC) Remuneration and Nominations Committees) can
MSARC takes decisions regarding the exercise of Lloyd’s be found on Lloyd’s website. The terms of reference
enforcement powers. It also acts as a review body capable, for the Chairman, Deputy Chairmen (including the
where appropriate, of amending, modifying or Senior Independent Deputy Chairman), CEO,
withdrawing certain decisions taken by the Executive executive directors and the Secretary to the Council
affecting managing agents. It also acts as the body that can also be found on the Lloyd’s website.
determines whether certain decisions can be referred to
the Lloyd’s Appeal Tribunal and can also make certain The terms and conditions of appointment of non-
business decisions. executive members of the Franchise Board and the
Council are available on request from the Secretary
MSARC meets at the discretion of its Chairman. to the Council.
MSARC submits a written report to the Franchise Board
Annual General Meeting
annually and may submit additional reports to inform the
Franchise Board of any matters of material concern as and
when required. The Council reports to the members at the Annual
General Meeting (AGM). A summary business
A table showing MSARC members’ attendance at presentation is given at the AGM by the CEO and
MSARC meetings is set out on pages 84-85. MSARC Director, Finance, before the Chairman deals with
met on five occasions in 2014. the business of the meeting.
Capacity Transfer Panel Voting entitlement at general meetings is generally
The Capacity Transfer Panel (CTP) was established capacity-based for both external and working members,
principally to exercise the Council’s powers in relation except at general meetings called on the requisition of
to minority buyouts and mergers. The Panel meets at the members under section 6(4) of the Lloyd’s Act 1982 for
discretion of its Chairman. The Panel submits a written the purpose of revoking or annulling byelaws, at which
report to the Franchise Board annually and may submit each member has one vote. The resolutions to be
additional reports on matters of material concern as and considered at general meetings are published on the
when necessary. Lloyd’s website.
Indemnities
A table showing CTP members’ attendance at CTP
meetings is set out on pages 84-85. The Panel met on
two occasions in 2014. The Society has given indemnities to certain of its
subsidiary undertakings, and the directors thereof,
Investment Committee in respect of any claims or actions which may be brought
The Investment Committee sets the investment objectives against them or any future operating losses incurred by
and parameters of centrally managed assets and is them in connection with the companies’ activities.
responsible for monitoring the performance of these The Society has also given indemnities to and has agreed
funds. In addition, it monitors the investment operations to cover certain specific costs that may be incurred by
of the Treasury and Investment Management department members of the Council, the Franchise Board, the
in respect of all funds under its management and approves Lloyd’s Regulatory Board and the Lloyd’s Market Board
all investment counterparties. It may also make more (the latter two boards ceased during 2002) and of their
general recommendations concerning investment activity respective sub-committees, the Society staff and also
at Lloyd’s. certain individuals and organisations who have been
asked to carry out or provide services to the Society or
The Investment Committee meets at the discretion of its on behalf of, or for the benefit of, its members.
Chairman. The Investment Committee submits a written
report to the Franchise Board annually and may submit
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 83
Council, Franchise Board and committee Individual assessment
assessments
The Chairman meets each non-executive director on
In accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code, the Franchise Board and each member of the Council
an external and independent evaluation of the once a year to appraise their performance. The Senior
performance of the Council, Franchise Board, Audit, Independent Deputy Chairman also seeks the views of
Remuneration and Nominations Committees is the Franchise Board and the Council on the performance
undertaken every three years. The next external of the Chairman. These views are conveyed to the
evaluation will be undertaken in 2015. Chairman by the Senior Independent Deputy Chairman.
Training and induction
The Secretary to the Council conducted an assessment
of the Council, Franchise Board, Audit, Remuneration
and Nominations Committees towards the end of 2014. All new appointments to the Council and Franchise
The assessment was based on the results of questionnaires Board receive an induction pack containing guidance
issued to the members of these bodies. notes on Lloyd’s governance arrangements.
As part of this process, Council and Franchise Board In addition, new members of the Council and Franchise
members’ comments on the performance of the Board are provided with an induction programme which
Chairman were discussed privately with him. The same includes briefings with senior executive management and
process was followed with the Chairmen of the other others on Lloyd’s, its operations and key issues of the day.
committees subject to the assessment.
In addition, in 2014, five briefings on a range of Lloyd’s
The principal conclusion of the assessment was that related topics were made available to all members of the
the current governance arrangements were working Council and the Franchise Board.
effectively and in accordance with the Governance
Independent professional advice
Policies and that the Council and its principal
committees were operating in accordance with their
terms of reference. Members of the Council and Franchise Board have access
to independent professional advice, if required.
Among the other major findings were:
Conflicts of interest
–
The need for more gender diversity on Council.
–
A view that the wider market was sometimes unclear A register of interests is maintained by the Secretary
on the Council and the Franchise Board’s respective to the Council for members of the Council, Franchise
responsibilities in Lloyd’s governance structure. Board and their committees and is available for
–
The need for more active engagement with the Council inspection by members.
on the development of Lloyd’s longer-term strategy.
– Corporate governance of the Lloyd’s market
A recognition that the Franchise Board’s agendas
remained lengthy. While this was understandable in
the light of preparations for Solvency II, it reinforced The corporate governance of each entity within the
the need to improve further the quality of papers and Lloyd’s market is the responsibility of that entity.
presentations to ensure they are succinct and clear. The Council provides, through the Corporation,
a framework for the governance of these businesses
The recommendations for improvement will be taken including the assessment of capital adequacy and market
forward under the guidance of the Chairman and the supervision (including inspections, visits and audits
Secretary to the Council. of market entities). Managing agents’ governance
arrangements are also reviewed on registration and
as part of risk management assessments.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 84
Corporate Governance
continued
Attendance record
Franchise Audit Nominations Remuneration Investment Risk
Council Board Committee Committee Committee MSARC1 CTP2 Committee Committee
Chairman of the Council of
Lloyd’s
John Nelson ª5/5 ª10/10 ª3/3 4/4
Executive Directors
Inga Beale10 5/5 10/10 3/4 ª11/11
Tom Bolt 10/10 9/11
Sean McGovern5 6/6 11/11
John Parry11 4/4 3/3 4/5
Luke Savage6 6/6 2/2 5/6
Non-Executive Council members
Working members
Rupert Atkin8 3/5 2/2
Simon Beale 4/5
Dominic Christian 5/5
Christopher Harman 4/5
Lawrence Holder 5/5
Graham White 4/5 3/3
External members
Robert Childs 5/5
Michael Deeny 5/5
Matthew Fosh 5/5
Paul Jardine 5/5 4/5 4/4
Alan Lovell 5/5 5/5 4/4 2/2
Michael Watson 4/5
Nominated members
Andy Haste 4/5 3/3 ª4/4 ª2/2 ª5/5
Fred Hu3 2/3
Sir David Manning 5/5 3/3
Henrique Meirelles 4/5
Non-Executive Franchise Board
members
Sir Andrew Cahn 9/10
Charles Franks 9/10 5/5
Nick Furlonge 10/10 3/3
Joy Griffiths4 5/6
Claire Ighodaro 10/10 ª5/5
Andrew Kendrick 10/10 1/5 3/4
Martin Read 10/10 4/4
Bruce Van Saun13 7/10 4/5 0/1
Andre Villeneuve7 3/3 2/2
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 85
Attendance record continued
Franchise Audit Nominations Remuneration Investment Risk
Council Board Committee Committee Committee MSARC1 CTP2 Committee Committee
Other Committee members
Martin Bride 4/5
Margaret Chamberlain 2/2
Edward Creasy 5/5
Christine Dandridge 3/5
Lady Delves Broughton 2/2
David Gittings 2/2
Michael Green 4/5
Peter Grove9 1/1
Reg Hinkley 5/5
Jo Rickard ª5/5
Nick Marsh9 4/4
Philip Matthews 4/5
Ian Salter 1/2
Paul Swain 2/2
Vincent Vandendael12 6/7
David Winkett 5/5
ªChairman
Notes
1. Market Supervision and Review Committee.
2. Capacity Transfer Panel.
3. Fred Hu was appointed as a nominated member of Council on 12 May 2014.
4. Joy Griffiths was appointed as an independent non-executive director on the Franchise Board on 25 April 2014.
5. Sean McGovern, Chief Risk Officer & General Counsel, was appointed as an executive director of the Franchise Board on 16 May 2014.
6. Luke Savage, Director Finance & Operations resigned from the Franchise Board, Investment Committee and the Risk Committee on 24 July 2014.
However, his last working day was 2 July 2014 and this has been used for the purposes of the attendance record.
7. Andre Villeneuve’s term of office as an independent non-executive director on the Franchise Board and Nominations Committee expired on 31 March 2014.
8. Rupert Atkin was appointed as a member of the Nominations Committee on 4 February 2014.
9. Nick Marsh was appointed as a member of MSARC on 1 February 2014 following Peter Grove’s resignation on 31 January 2014.
10. Inga Beale was appointed as a member of the Investment Committee on 24 March 2014.
11. John Parry acted as Interim Finance Director from 1 July 2014 and attended Franchise Board, Investment Committee and Risk Committee meetings
in this capacity as from that date. He was formally appointed as an executive director on the Franchise Board on 11 December 2014.
12. Vincent Vandendael was a member of the Risk Committee until its membership was revised in September 2014.
13. Bruce Van Saun attended the Nominations Committee meeting in March 2014 as an observer. He was formally appointed as a member of the
Nominations Committee on 1 April 2014.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

SSoocciieettyy RReeppoorrtt 86
Corporate Governance continued
The Council of Lloyd’s
John Nelson Andy Haste*
Chairman of Senior Independent
Lloyd’s (Nominated Deputy Chairman
member) of Lloyd’s
Chairman of the (Nominated
Nominations member)
Committee Member of the
Member of the Nominations
Remuneration Committee
Committee Chairman of the
Remuneration
Committee
John Nelson was appointed Chairman of Lloyd’s in Andy Haste is Chairman of Wonga Group and former
October 2011. He was the Chairman of Hammerson plc Group Chief Executive of RSA. He is currently the
until 2013. He is a Chartered Accountant, who worked Senior Independent Director of ITV, and is Chairman
in both the UK and the US while with Kleinwort of its Remuneration Committee and a member of both its
Benson. He joined Lazard in 1986, whose Vice Audit and Nominations Committees. His previous roles
Chairman he became in 1990. He subsequently became include Chief Executive of AXA Sun Life and Director
Chairman of Credit Suisse First Boston (Europe), and of AXA UK (life and pensions), President and Chief
Deputy Chairman of Kingfisher plc. In addition, he has Executive Officer of Global Consumer Finance Europe
been a Non-Executive Director of BT, Woolwich plc, JP at GE Capital UK, Western Europe and Eastern Europe
Morgan Cazenove and Cazenove Group. He is a Senior (consumer financial services) and President of National
Adviser to Charterhouse Capital Partners LLP. He is Westminster Bank’s US Consumer Credit Business
also the Chairman of Chichester Harbour Trust and a (retail banking). He was also a member of the Board
Trustee of the National Gallery and chairs its of the Association of British Insurers from 2003-11.
Development Committee.
Inga Beale Rupert Atkin
Chief Executive Deputy Chairman
Officer (Nominated of Lloyd’s (Working
member) member)
Member of the
Nominations
Committee
Inga Beale joined Lloyd’s in January 2014. Previously she Rupert Atkin is the Chief Executive of Talbot
was Group Chief Executive of Canopius, a prominent Underwriting and was the active underwriter for
Lloyd’s managing agent. Prior to that she spent four years syndicate 1183 from 1991 until 2007. He is a Director
with Zurich Insurance, including a period as Global of all Talbot Group companies. He was appointed
Chief Underwriting Officer. She was Group CEO of Chairman of the Lloyd’s Market Association with effect
Converium Ltd, the Swiss mid-sized independent from 1 February 2012. He has served on various market
reinsurance company and, while there, she led a major bodies, including the Lloyd’s Regulatory Board and has
turnaround of the business before it was acquired by chaired both the Lloyd’s Underwriters Association and
SCOR in 2007. She started her career as an underwriter the Joint War Risk Committee. He is a Trustee of the
with Prudential before spending 14 years in a variety of Lloyd’s Charities Trust.
international roles for GE Insurance Solutions.
*Considered to be an independent member of Council.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 87
Paul Jardine Robert Childs
Representative of Representative of
Catlin Syndicate Hiscox Dedicated
Limited Corporate Member
Deputy Chairman Limited
of Lloyd’s (External (External member)
member)
Member of the
Audit Committee
Member of the
Remuneration
Committee
Paul Jardine, a qualified Actuary, is Deputy Chairman Robert Childs is the Non-Executive Chairman of
of Catlin Underwriting Agencies Limited and Chief Hiscox. He was Chairman of the Lloyd’s Market
Operating Officer of Catlin Group Limited. He has Association from January 2003 to May 2005 and former
over 30 years of insurance industry experience and was Chairman of the Advisory Board of the School of
Chairman of the Lloyd’s Market Association from 2007 Management of Royal Holloway University. He is
to 2010. He is a Fellow of the Institute & Faculty of currently a Trustee of Enham (a charity for the disabled)
Actuaries and was formerly the Chief Actuary and and Chairman of The Bermuda Society.
Commutations Director at Equitas Limited.
Simon Beale Dominic Christian
(Working member) (Working member)
Simon Beale is the Chief Underwriting Officer of Amlin Dominic Christian is the Executive Chairman of Aon
Plc, an Executive Director of the Amlin Plc board and Benfield International. He is also the Chief Executive
Non-Executive Director of Amlin Underwriting Officer of Aon UK Limited. He sits on Aon Group’s
Limited, the managing agency for Syndicate 2001 of Executive Committee. Previously he served as co-Chief
which he was joint active underwriter until 2012. He has Executive Officer of Aon Benfield and prior to this as a
worked in the Lloyd’s market since 1984 and has served Group Board Director of Benfield Group plc, CEO of its
on various Lloyd’s underwriting committees. He is International Division and of Benfield Limited. He has
currently a member of the Lloyd’s Market Association nearly 30 years of experience as a Lloyd’s Broker. He is
Board. also the Chairman of the Lloyd’s Tercentenary Research
Foundation and a Director of The Bermuda Society and
the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation. He chairs the
University of East Anglia’s Campaign Advisory Board.
*Considered to be an independent member of Council.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

SSoocciieettyy RReeppoorrtt 88
Corporate Governance continued
The Council of Lloyd’s
Michael Deeny Karen Green
Representative of (Working member)
The Michael Deeny
LLP
(External member)
Michael Deeny is a Chartered Accountant. He was Karen Green is the Chief Executive Officer of Aspen
the Chairman of the Association of Lloyd’s Members Managing Agency Limited, the managing agency of
(ALM) for 11 years. His career has principally been Aspen’s Lloyd’s Syndicate 4711 and also performs a
in the music industry, where he has promoted U2, number of other roles within the Aspen Group. She was
Bruce Springsteen, The Eagles and Bob Dylan among previously a principal with the global private equity firm
others. He underwrites through a Limited Liability MMC Capital Inc (now Stone Point Capital) and a
Partnership and is Chairman of the Equitas Trust. director at GE Capital in London, co-running the
He is a Non-Executive Director of the ALM and business development team responsible for mergers
of Randall & Quilter Underwriting Management and acquisitions in Europe. She started her career as
Holdings Limited. an investment banker with Baring Brothers and then
Schroders. She has previously served on the board
of the International Underwriting Association.
Matthew Fosh Christopher Harman
Representative of (Working member)
Novae Corporate
Underwriting
Limited
(External member)
Matthew Fosh is the Chief Executive Officer of Novae Christopher Harman has worked in the Lloyd’s market
Group plc which he joined in 2002. He is a Non- as a reinsurance broker since 1971, specialising in
Executive Director of Ariscom Compagnia di reinsurances of Lloyd’s syndicates and companies writing
Assicurazioni S.p.A. He previously worked in the global business. He is a Partner in JLT Reinsurance
capital markets, where in 1989 he co-founded a Brokers Ltd. He has been an unlimited Name since 1979
derivative trading business, which he subsequently as well as writing through a Nameco. He is a Trustee of
sold in 2002 to ICAP plc. the Lloyd’s Charities Trust.
*Considered to be an independent member of Council.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 89
Lawrence Holder Alan Lovell
(Working member) Representative of
Palace House
International (Two)
LLP
(External member)
Member of the
Audit Committee
Member of the
Remuneration
Committee
Lawrence Holder has been Managing Director of Alan Lovell is from 1 April 2015 Chair of the Consumer
Cathedral Underwriting Limited since 2000 and Council for Water. He is also Senior Independent
has worked in the Lloyd’s market since 1983. He is Director of Sweett Group plc and a Non-Executive
a member of the Lloyd’s Market Association Board Director of IAC Acoustics and two green energy
and is a Trustee of the Lloyd’s Charities Trust. companies. He was previously a turnaround specialist
who served as Chief Executive of Costain, Dunlop
Slazenger and Jarvis and is now Chief Adviser to the
restructuring practice of PwC. He is a Trustee of The
Mary Rose, Winchester Cathedral and the Hampshire
Cultural Trust and is Chairman of the Association of
Lloyd’s Members.
Dr Fred Hu* Sir David Manning
(Nominated GCMG KCVO*
member) (Nominated
member)
Member of the
Nominations
Committee
Fred Hu is a renowned economist and investor. Between Sir David Manning retired from the Diplomatic Service
1997 and 2010 he was with Goldman Sachs as a Partner in 2007 after four years as British Ambassador to the
and Chairman of Greater China. He is now Chairman United States. He is now a Director of Gatehouse and
of Primavera Capital Group, a China-based global a Non-Executive Director of the BG Group and of
investment firm. He is a Non-Executive Director of Lockheed Martin UK. He is Chair of ‘IDEAS’ at the
Hang Seng Bank, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and London School of Economics and on the panel of Senior
South China Morning Post, a Trustee of Yale-China Advisers at the Royal Institute for International Affairs.
Association, and a member of the Council on Foreign
Relations Global Board of Advisors.
*Considered to be an independent member of Council.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 90
Corporate Governance continued
The Council of Lloyd’s
Henrique Meirelles* Michael Watson
Nominated Representative of
member Flectat Limited
(External member)
Henrique Meirelles is Chairman of Lazard Americas, Michael Watson is Chairman and Chief Executive
J&F (holding company of JBS), and Brazil’s Olympic of Canopius Group Limited of which he led the
Public Committee, which is overseeing the preparations management buy-out in 2003. Canopius is the global
for the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro in 2016. He is specialty re(insurance) platform of Sompo Japan
also a Non-Executive Director of Azul Linhas Aéreas Holdings. He has over 35 years’ experience in commercial
Brasileiras and a Senior Adviser to Kohlberg Kravis and investment banking, trade finance, stockbroking,
Roberts. He was President of Brazil’s Central Bank life and non-life insurance, gained in London, Bermuda
from 2003 through to 2010. Previously, he was President and New York. Michael currently serves on the Board
of BankBoston. of the Lloyd’s Market Association and is a Chartered
Accountant.
*Considered to be an independent member of Council.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 91
Corporate Governance continued
The Franchise Board
John Nelson Sir Andrew Cahn
Chairman of KCMG*
Lloyd’s (Nominated
member)
Chairman of the
Nominations
Committee
Member of the
Remuneration
Committee
Biography on page 86.
Sir Andrew Cahn is Vice Chairman at Nomura
International plc. He is Chairman of the City of
London’s International Trade and Investment Group
Inga Beale
and a Trustee of TheCityUK. He is also a Non-Executive
Chief Executive
Director of Huawei Technologies (UK) and General
Officer (Nominated
member) Dynamics (UK). He is Chair of WWF (UK) and a
Trustee of the Gatsby Foundation, the Arvon Foundation
and the Institute for Government. Until 2011 he was
CEO of UK Trade and Investment.
Biography on page 86.
Charles Franks
Member of the
Audit Committee
Tom Bolt
Director,
Performance
Management
Charles Franks is Group Chief Executive Officer of
Tokio Marine Kiln Group and of its Lloyd’s managing
agency, Tokio Marine Kiln Syndicates Limited (formerly
Tom Bolt joined Lloyd’s in September 2009. Previously, R J Kiln & Co). Having joined Kiln in 1993, he became
he was Managing Director of Marlborough Managing a Director of R J Kiln in 1995 and was appointed Active
Agency. He has extensive experience in international Underwriter of the Marine division in 2001. He became
insurance and reinsurance across the UK, US and Europe Chief Executive of R J Kiln in 2007. He is an Executive
and has held senior roles in Berkshire Hathaway’s Officer of Tokio Marine Holdings.
reinsurance divisions and as President of some of its
insurance subsidiaries. He also assisted in the formation
of Bankers Trust Insurance Derivatives business, as well
as a related group of insurance and reinsurance companies.
*Considered to be an independent non-executive director.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 92
Corporate Governance continued
The Franchise Board
Nicholas Furlonge Claire Ighodaro CBE*
Member of the Chairman of the
Nominations Audit Committee
Committee
Nicholas Furlonge has worked in the Lloyd’s market Claire Ighodaro is Audit Committee Chair. She is a
since 1972 and co-founded Beazley. He has served on Non-Executive Director and Governance Committee
a number of Lloyd’s boards and committees including Chair of Merrill Lynch International, Independent
the Lloyd’s Market Association and as Chairman of the Director and Audit Committee Chair of the Shell (Nig)
Lloyd’s Community Programme. He is a Non-Executive Pension Fund and a Council Member of the University
Director of Beazley Furlonge Ltd. of Surrey. She has served as Audit Committee Chair of
UK Trade and Investment, the British Council, Lending
Standards Board and the Open University and was a
Senior Executive at BT plc. She is a past President of
CIMA (the Chartered Institute of Management
Accountants) and sits on the International Ethics
Standards Board for Accountants.
Joy Griffiths* Andrew Kendrick
Member of the
Audit Committee
Member of the
Remuneration
Committee
Joy Griffiths is Global Managing Director, Decision Andrew Kendrick is President of ACE European Group
Analytics and Chairman, Asia Pacific region, Experian. Limited. Prior to this, he served as President and Chief
Prior to joining Experian, she worked in financial Executive Officer, ACE Bermuda. With over 30 years
services for over 30 years and held executive positions of insurance industry experience, he is a member of the
across a broad range of functional disciplines with Lloyd’s Market Association Board and was Chairman
Lloyds Banking Group in the UK, Wells Fargo in the of the Lloyd’s Market Association from January 2006 to
US and Westpac Banking Corporation in Australia. June 2007. He was reappointed to the Lloyd’s Franchise
Board as a Non-Executive Director in February 2007.
*Considered to be an independent non-executive director.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 93
Sean McGovern Dr Martin Read CBE*
Chief Risk Officer & Member of the
General Counsel Remuneration
Committee
Sean McGovern has been with Lloyd’s since 1996 and Martin Read is Chairman of Laird plc, one of the two
has been a Director since 2002. He is responsible for risk government companies (the Low Carbon Contracts
governance at Lloyd’s and for Lloyd’s legal, regulatory Company and the Electricity Settlements Company) set
and government affairs around the world. This includes up to manage contracts and payments under the electricity
maintaining Lloyd’s licence network to ensure that the market reform programme and of the Remuneration
Lloyd’s access to its international markets is competitive. Consultants Group. He is a Non-Executive Director
He is also a Non-Executive Director of TheCityUK, of the UK Government Efficiency and Reform Board.
which promotes the UK financial services sector. He was Chief Executive of international IT services
In November 2011 he was appointed to serve as a company Logica from 1993 to 2007 and has served as
member of the first US Federal Advisory Committee a Non-Executive Director on the boards of Invensys,
on Insurance and has since been reappointed for a further Aegis Group, British Airways, Siemens Holdings, Boots
term. Prior to joining Lloyd’s he was with Clifford and ASDA. He led UK government reviews on back
Chance in London. He holds a degree in Law from office operations and IT across the public sector (2009)
Manchester University. and management information (2012).
John Parry Bruce Van Saun*
Director, Finance Member of the
Audit Committee
Member of the
Nominations
Committee
John Parry, Director of Finance, is responsible for the Bruce Van Saun is Chairman and Chief Executive
financial reporting of the Market’s results and capital Officer of Citizens Financial Group, Inc. (CFG). He
adequacy. Finance also covers Treasury & Investment joined CFG in October 2013 after serving as RBS Group
Management and the tax affairs of the Corporation and Finance Director and as an Executive Director of the
Market in the UK and overseas. He joined Lloyd’s in RBS Board since 2009. He has more than 30 years of
August 2001 and previously led Lloyd’s solvency and financial services experience. From 1997 to 2008, he held
regulatory reporting requirements and the process for a number of senior positions with Bank of New York and
review and agreement of capital requirements for each later Bank of New York Mellon, including Vice Chairman
business in the Lloyd’s market. and Chief Financial Officer. Earlier in his career, he held
senior positions with Deutsche Bank, Wasserstein Perella
Group and Kidder Peabody & Co. Previously he has
served on a number of boards in both the US and UK.
He is a member of The Clearing House Supervisory Board
*Considered to be an independent non-executive director. and is a fellow of the Foreign Policy Association.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 94
Internal Control Statement
The Franchise Board, on behalf of the Council of Lloyd’s maintains an internal audit function that reports
Lloyd’s, has responsibility for the Society’s system to the CEO and the Audit Committee. The Head of
of internal control and for reviewing its effectiveness. Internal Audit is supported by Deloitte LLP which
The Executive Team is responsible for the implementation provides resources to complete the internal audit plan.
and maintenance of the internal control system.
Identification and evaluation of business risks
This incorporates an embedded, ongoing process for
identifying, evaluating and managing significant business,
operational, financial, compliance and other risks. The Risk Management Framework ensures that the
The system is designed to reduce, rather than eliminate, identification, assessment, monitoring and management
the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and can of the major risks affecting the Society takes place on an
only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against ongoing basis. The Framework includes a number of risk
material misstatement or loss. assessment techniques, which are tailored to specific risk
areas. One such technique is the comprehensive risk and
The Audit Committee monitors and reviews the control assessment procedure, which is conducted on a
effectiveness of the system of internal control of the regular basis. This review re-assesses the existing risks
Society and biannual reports are provided to the and identifies any new risks. It evaluates controls in terms
Franchise Board. There is an ongoing process, in of adequacy of performance and also seeks to monitor the
accordance with the guidance of the UK Corporate action plans in place to help manage risks. These processes
Governance Code on internal control, which has been are described in more detail in the Risk Management
established for identifying, evaluating and managing section on pages 34-39.
significant risks. Other procedures such as our Speaking-
up Policy whereby any member of staff may take matters One of the key objectives of the Lloyd’s risk governance
that concern them to the Head of Human Resources, structure is to provide assurance to the Franchise Board
the Legal and Compliance department or, where that risks facing the Society are identified and managed
appropriate, to the Chairman of the Audit Committee in accordance with approved policy and appetite. This is
or the FCA or the PRA, are clearly set out. Associate achieved by the risk committees having the appropriate
companies, Ins-sure Holdings Limited and Xchanging management information (MI) to oversee and challenge.
Claims Services Limited, are not dealt with as part of the The MI includes information from many different sources
Group for the purposes of applying the UK Corporate within the Risk Management and internal control
Governance Code. frameworks, such as the various risk and control
assessments, details of the operating and regulatory
The Group’s key risk management processes and environment and capital management reports. The risk
the system of internal control procedures include governance structure comprises of the Risk Committee
the following: plus three specialist sub-committees; the Syndicate Risk
Committee, the Financial Risk Committee and the
Management structure
Corporation Risk Committee. These provide clear
independent challenge to the risk takers at Lloyd’s and
Lloyd’s Governance Arrangements: A Guide for Members enables tailored risk management operating models,
of Lloyd’s Committees, reviewed and updated in 2014, rather than a ‘one-size-fits-all’ platform. The Risk
outlines the governance structure and committee Management Framework enables Lloyd’s to undertake
members’ duties and responsibilities, including a more forward looking assessment of risk, building
confidentiality and conflicts and declarations of interest. capital consideration into the decision making process
and a formal Risk Appetite Framework with defined
There is a clearly defined organisation structure with escalation routes. An Own Risk and Solvency
terms of reference agreed for the CEO and all directors Assessment is performed every year, bringing together
which set out, inter alia, their functions and powers, key risk, capital and solvency management information
authority to act and limitations on authority. Employees on a more formal basis for the Franchise Board.
have role profiles agreed by their line manager which While an annual process, it is reviewed on a quarterly
set out equivalent information. basis to ensure it remains relevant.
The Society is committed to the highest standards of A framework of regular self-certification, with targeted
business conduct. Corporate policies and procedures are independent challenge, is in place and where control
available to all staff and include the Code of Conduct, failures have been reported, details of the circumstances
Compliance Manual, Employee Handbook, Health & are required together with appropriate corrective actions.
Safety Policy, Information Security and Computer Usage A summary of these reports is reviewed by the Executive
Policy, Procurement Policy, Risk Policies, Financial Team, the Corporation Risk Committee, Franchise
Policies and authorisation limits. These policies and Board and the Audit Committee on a regular basis.
procedures are regularly reviewed and updated.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 95
Identification and evaluation of business risks
continued
Internal auditors also perform independent reviews of
control activities as part of their annual programme as
approved by the Audit Committee. The Head of Internal
Audit and the Legal and Compliance department report
to the Executive Team on a regular basis and to each
Audit Committee meeting.
A compliance plan is in place to manage the risk
associated with non-compliance with FCA/PRA
regulatory processes. The Head of Internal Audit and
the Legal and Compliance department provide progress
reports to the Risk Committees and the Audit Committee.
The Risk Committees also oversee the wider coordination
of international regulatory compliance through the
Overseas Risk Assessments completed by global offices
and the Overseas Risk Review Meeting held prior to
every Corporation Risk Committee meeting.
Information and financial reporting systems
An annual budget for the Society is reviewed in detail by
the Executive and is considered and approved by the
Franchise Board and Council. Monthly financial reports
compare actual performance with the annual budget and
management action is taken, where appropriate, when
variances arise. Revised forecasts are prepared regularly.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 96
Report of the Remuneration Committee
This report is based upon best practice as set out in the As reported last year, during 2014 we introduced both
UK Corporate Governance Code and by reference to malus and clawback provisions for annual bonus and LPP
the new directors’ remuneration reporting regulations Awards for directors and senior staff. The operation of
for UK listed companies. The code and regulations are malus will be rolled out to all staff in 2015. Following a
directed at companies listed on the London Stock review, the Committee was pleased to note that the
Exchange, whereas Lloyd’s is a market of many separate Corporation’s policies on malus and clawback were
and competing trading entities; nonetheless, Council already in line with the provisions recently introduced
supports their principles insofar as they can be applied in the UK Corporate Governance Code.
to the governance of the Society.
The Committee reviewed the remuneration of the
Statement by Chair of Remuneration Committee
Chairman and increased fees from £525k to £575k when
his contract was renewed for a further three years in
I am pleased to present the Remuneration Committee’s October. This is the first increase for the Chairman in
report for 2014 in the following pages. three years and was benchmarked against wider practice.
The Committee’s focus continues to be delivering an Changes to the Franchise Board
appropriate remuneration policy that is capable of Luke Savage stepped down from the Franchise Board in
attracting and retaining the calibre of employees needed July 2014. As he had resigned to take up a new position,
to deliver Vision 2025 and maintain an effective market his LPP and annual bonus awards lapsed and he received
oversight regime. no payment in lieu of notice.
Our remuneration structure for executive directors at Sean McGovern and John Parry were appointed to the
Lloyd’s reflects the unique nature of the Corporation. Franchise Board during the year. Although newly
For a number of years now we have operated a policy appointed to the Franchise Board, Sean McGovern has
with a decreased emphasis on variable pay (annual bonus been a Director since 2002 and no substantive changes
and LPP) to reflect better the nature and role of the were made to his legacy remuneration arrangements,
organisation. Last year we took a further step in including the balance of fixed and variable remuneration.
rebalancing away from variable pay and towards fixed In line with our policy to rebalance remuneration towards
remuneration on the appointment of the new CEO. fixed pay for newly appointed Directors, John Parry’s LPP
During the year the Committee continued with this opportunity was set at a lower level than his predecessor’s.
policy of rebalancing for new director appointments.
Review of remuneration policy
Key remuneration decisions The Committee supports the principles in the UK
Tom Bolt received no increase in salary for 2013 or 2014. Corporate Governance Code. While the code does not
Inga Beale was appointed in January 2014. Sean McGovern apply to Lloyd’s, the Committee and Council believe that
and John Parry were appointed to the Franchise Board in we should seek to comply with the principles as a matter
May 2014 and December 2014 respectively. For 2015, of best practice, to the extent that we are able. With this
Tom Bolt received a salary increase of 4%. Neither Inga in mind, during the year the Committee reviewed
Beale nor Sean McGovern received an increase. John Lloyd’s remuneration policy against the revised UK
Parry’s salary as the newly appointed Director, Finance Corporate Governance Code and was satisfied with the
is £400k per annum. level of compliance. The Committee also began the
process of reviewing the remuneration policy against
2014 was a successful year for the Lloyd’s market and the Solvency II requirements. It will continue with this work
Corporation, which is reflected in the LPP and bonus in 2015 and, where necessary, update the remuneration
awards. The latter are driven off an assessment of each policy and its implementation as required.
director’s performance against individual key performance
indicators. The Committee intends to continue to ensure Andy Haste
the KPIs are stretching and aimed at delivering Vision Chairman, Remuneration Committee
2025 while remaining in accordance with Lloyd’s risk 25 March 2015
policies and risk appetite.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 97
Remuneration policy
This part of the report sets out the policy for the CEO and executive directors’ remuneration. For the purposes of this
report, ‘executive directors’ refers to Tom Bolt (Director, Performance Management), Sean McGovern (Chief Risk
Officer and General Counsel, appointed to the Board on 16 May 2014), John Parry (Director, Finance, appointed to
the Board on 11 December 2014 but acting as Interim Finance Director since 1 July) and Luke Savage (formerly
Director, Finance and Operations, resigned from the Board on 24 July 2014) – i.e. directors who are or were members
of the Franchise Board in 2014.
Corporation remuneration policy
The approach to remuneration for all current and future employees is set out in the HR Policies & Procedures as follows:
Lloyd’s operates a Total Reward approach, which is designed to meet employee and Corporation needs by providing
rewards that are linked to individual performance and the delivery of Lloyd’s Corporation objectives.
Lloyd’s Total Reward approach is supported by the following practices:
–
We look beyond base salary to the value of the total reward package in meeting the needs of employees.
–
We recognise and reward superior performance.
Lloyd’s policy is therefore based on providing a package of rewards (salary plus benefits) that is business driven,
competitive, fair and flexible. It is also founded on the proposition that the ultimate source of value in the business
is people. Combining this creates a reward offering which:
–
Emanates from business strategies and priorities.
–
Is based on business success (i.e. our ability to pay).
–
Provides a flexible mix of rewards, designed to attract, retain and motivate a performance-driven workforce with
the varied range of experience and skills the business requires.
–
Is externally competitive.
–
Rewards for performance rather than cost of living.
–
Ensures employees understand the criteria by which rewards are determined and reviewed.
–
Gives managers the tools to make informed decisions regarding rewarding their teams.
–
Is in line with our equality and diversity policy.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 98
Report of the Remuneration Committee
continued
CEO and executive director remuneration policy
The structure of total compensation for the CEO and executive directors is designed to reflect the nature of the
Corporation. The fixed element is higher and the variable (performance-related) element lower, in order to reflect better
the role of the Corporation of Lloyd’s and so that remuneration arrangements are more in line with other organisations
with a similar role.
A significant proportion of executive remuneration continues to be performance-related and determined by annual
performance reviews.
The following table sets out the components included in the Corporation’s CEO and executive director
remuneration policy:
Purpose and link Performance
Element to strategy Operation Maximum conditions
Base salary Salaries set to Generally reviewed by the Remuneration There is no maximum salary increase; None
appropriately Committee annually. however, any increases will generally
recognise reflect our approach to all employee
responsibilities and salary increases. Exceptions, in certain
be broadly market circumstances, may be made, for
competitive. example to reflect a new appointment,
change in role/adoption of additional
responsibilities, changes to market
practice or the development of the
individual in the role.
Annual bonus To link reward to Discretionary annual bonus determined Current bonus maxima as a percentage Specific and
short-term by the Committee taking into account of salary are: measurable
performance and reference to performance against targets and key
contributions. objectives and key performance CEO: 75% (with on target of 45%) performance
indicators. indicators are
Director, Performance Management: established where
For bonuses payable in respect of 67% possible to help
performance in 2014 and subsequent determine bonus
years, the Committee retains the Director, Finance: 50% (with on target awards.
discretion to clawback annual bonus of 30%)
awards in circumstances including, but Payouts are
not limited to, material misstatement of Chief Risk Officer and General Counsel: discretionary and
financial performance or misconduct. 50% take into account
the individual’s
achievements and
contribution to the
Corporation in the
year and
performance
against the
objectives and
individual key
performance
indicators.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 99
Remuneration policy table
Purpose and link Performance
Element to strategy Operation Maximum conditions
Lloyd’s To offer an incentive Annual LPP Awards are calculated by For the CEO and Director, Finance, an Annual LPP
Performance which is directly reference to profit levels in the year. individual cap of 50% of salary applies. Awards are
Plan (LPP) linked to the calculated by
profitability of the For the CEO, and the Director, Finance (in For the Director, Performance reference to
Lloyd’s market. respect of awards earned subsequent to Management and the Chief Risk Officer Lloyd’s profit for
his appointment to the Board), the whole & General Counsel, an individual cap of the year.
award is deferred, and is paid in October 100% of salary applies.
of the third financial year following the LPP Awards will
end of the performance period. only be triggered
for profit in excess
For the Director, Performance of £100m.
Management and the Chief Risk Officer
& General Counsel, the LPP is structured
as an ongoing fund, where annual
awards are added to a notional LPP fund,
a significant portion of which pays out in
future years.
The Committee may apply malus and
clawback to LPP Awards in respect of
2014 and subsequent years.
Benefits To provide market Benefits include a benefits cash The maximum benefits cash allowance None
levels of benefits. allowance, private medical insurance, is £11,000.
life insurance and a season ticket
loan facility. There is no overall maximum for total
benefits as the cost of medical and life
The CEO does not receive a benefits insurance depends on the individual’s
cash allowance. circumstances.
Relocation To support Lloyd’s Relocation benefits may be offered There is no overall maximum. None
benefits international strategy in certain circumstances.
or to facilitate
recruitment. Neither the CEO nor the executive
directors have been given relocation
benefits.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 100
Report of the Remuneration Committee
continued
Remuneration policy table continued
Purpose and link Performance
Element to strategy Operation Maximum conditions
Pension To provide market Group Personal Pension Plan
levels of pension
The CEO is a member of the Group For the CEO, the Corporation makes an None
provision.
Personal Pension Plan, which is a annual contribution of £40,000 to the
defined contribution plan. The CEO also Group Personal Pension Plan.
receives a cash allowance.
Lloyd’s provides for the payment The cash allowance is 20% of
of a lump sum in the event of death base salary.
in service.
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme
Subject to a scheme earnings cap, the
executive directors continue to be
members of the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme
which is a defined benefit scheme and is
no longer open to new joiners.
The scheme is contributory. The accrual Defined benefit accrual rates vary
rate may be increased in exchange for per participant.
additional contributions, or salary
sacrifices may be made for employer
contributions of the same amount.
Executive directors receive a cash The cash allowance is 20% of
allowance to compensate for the base salary.
pension benefits being based on the
scheme earnings cap rather than their
base salaries.
Where a member of the Lloyd’s pension There is an additional cash allowance
scheme leaves the scheme as a result of of 10% of the scheme earnings cap
the impact of 6 April 2014 changes where a member leaves the scheme as
to the annual and lifetime allowances a result of the impact of 6 April 2014
they may be eligible for an additional changes to the annual and lifetime
cash allowance. allowances.
Dependants are eligible for dependants’
pensions and the payment of a lump
sum in the event of death in service.
Performance measures and targets
The annual bonus is based on performance against objectives and individual key performance indicators.
The Committee believes this approach ensures alignment to Lloyd’s key strategic objectives and that bonus payouts
are geared to individual performance.
The LPP Awards are driven by the profitability of the Lloyd’s market, creating alignment to the overall performance
of the Lloyd’s market.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 101
Malus and clawback
For LPP Awards and annual bonus awards in respect of 2014 and subsequent years, malus and clawback provisions apply.
For senior employees (excluding the CEO) the circumstances in which malus may be applied are employee misconduct,
material financial misstatement for which the employee was responsible, or deliberate or negligent failure in risk
management for which the employee was responsible. In addition the Committee retains the discretion to clawback
awards for a period of six years from the date of payment or vesting. The circumstances in which clawback may be
applied are serious employee misconduct, material financial misstatement for which the employee was responsible,
or deliberate failure in risk management for which the employee was responsible.
For the CEO the circumstances in which malus may be applied are broader and include, but are not limited to, employee
misconduct or the performance indicators relied on to determine the award being found to be materially different.
The circumstances in which clawback may be applied are employee misconduct or the performance indicators relied on
by the Committee being found to be materially different to those previously considered by the Committee (whether or
not involving any culpability on the part of the individual). For the CEO the clawback period is indefinite.
Comparison of policy to broader employee population
The remuneration policy for the CEO and executive directors follows the same broad principles as the policy for all
employees in the Corporation. Any differences in the specific policies generally reflect differences in market practice
for differences in seniority. Key elements of the remuneration policy which apply for all employees are as follows:
–
All employees in the Corporation are eligible to participate in the LPP. For directors and senior management
(other than the CEO, Director, Operations and the Director, Finance) the LPP operates as an ongoing fund
(deferral), while for other employees it is a series of annual awards.
–
All employees are eligible for a discretionary bonus.
–
The framework for provision of benefits and pensions is consistent across all employees in the Corporation.
Fee policy for the Chairman and members of the Council of Lloyd’s and Franchise Board who are not
employees of the Corporation
In addition to his salary, the Chairman is entitled to receive private medical insurance. He does not participate in the
Corporation’s incentive plans.
The Chairman and CEO are responsible for making recommendations to the Council for the remuneration of members
of Council, the Franchise Board and their committees (other than themselves and the executive directors). In making
their recommendations, the Chairman and CEO may liaise and consult with the Remuneration Committee as they
think appropriate.
Remuneration for all members of Council and Franchise Board who are not employees of the Corporation is designed
to attract people of sufficient calibre and experience to govern Lloyd’s affairs by providing an appropriate level of fees
which reflects the demands made upon them. Reference may also be made to independent surveys of fees paid to
non-executive directors of similar organisations.
Fees for non-employee members of the Council and Franchise Board comprise payment of an annual fee and additional
fees to reflect specific responsibilities, where applicable.
Annual fees Payment of an annual fee for the following:
– Council of Lloyd’s membership
– Franchise Board membership
– Deputy Chairman
Additional fees Additional fees are paid to reflect additional responsibilities in respect of membership or chairmanship
of a number of Council and Franchise Board committees, including ad hoc committees established to
consider specific issues requiring a significant time commitment.
Non-employee members of the Council and Franchise Board are not eligible to join the Lloyd’s Pension arrangements.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 102
Report of the Remuneration Committee
continued
Illustrations of the application of remuneration policy
2000
£1,759K £1,780K
20%
1500 £1,374K 34% £1,365K
£1,279K
13%
30% 23% £973K £1,005K 35%
23%
1000 £884K 23%
£778K 16% £793K 21% 24% Fixed remuneration
£573K 1 1 3 5 % % 21% £645K 12% 18% ( a in n c d l u o d th in e g r p b e e n n s e i fi o t n s )
Annual
500 variable
100% 64% 50% 100% 61% 43% 100% 72% 58% 100% 64% 47% remuneration
Long-term
variable
remuneration
0
Min Mid Max Min Mid Max Min Mid Max Min Mid Max
CEO Director, Performance Director, Finance Chief Risk Officer &
Management General Counsel
Scenario Assumptions
Minimum No annual bonus, no LPP.
Middle CEO and Director, Finance - On target bonus (i.e. 60% of maximum bonus) and 50% of maximum LPP
Other executive directors - 50% of maximum bonus and 50% of maximum LPP.
Maximum 100% of bonus and maximum LPP.
Approach to remuneration in respect of recruitment
The following principles would apply when agreeing the components of a remuneration package upon the recruitment of
a new executive director:
–
In order to facilitate the future success of the Corporation, any package will be sufficient to attract executive directors
of the calibre required to deliver the Corporation’s strategic priorities. The Committee will seek to ensure that no more
than is necessary is paid on recruitment, while taking into account the highly competitive market for executive talent.
–
Typically, the individual will be transitioned onto an ongoing remuneration package that is in line with the policy set
out in the Remuneration Policy table above. However, given the unique nature of Lloyd’s, the Committee reserves
the right to consider the structure of the package in the context of the strategic objectives of Lloyd’s and the
circumstances of the appointment.
–
The Committee may, on appointing an executive director, need to ‘buy out’ terms or remuneration arrangements
forfeited on leaving a previous employer. The terms of any buy out would be determined taking into account the terms
of the forfeited awards (e.g. form of award, performance conditions, timeframe). The overriding principle will be that
any replacement buy out awards should be of comparable commercial value to the awards that have been forfeited.
So far as practical, the awards will also have comparable time horizons to those forfeited. Where the Committee feels
it is appropriate given the specific circumstances, the Committee maintains discretion to include remuneration
components which are not included in the Remuneration Policy table above.
–
The Committee retains the flexibility to make additional awards for the purpose of recruitment where there is a
strong rationale to do so. There is no set policy maximum level of variable remuneration which may be granted in
addition to the ongoing policy. Given the nature of Lloyd’s, while flexibility is maintained, it is not anticipated that
the Committee would make additional variable incentive awards for a new recruit (excluding buy outs) over and
above those set out in the Remuneration Policy table.
–
Where an executive director is appointed from within the organisation, the normal policy is that any legacy
arrangements would be honoured in line with the original terms and conditions. Similarly, for any appointments
following corporate reorganisation/activity, legacy terms and conditions would be honoured.
–
Additional costs and support may be provided if the recruitment requires relocation of the individual.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 103
Service contracts and loss of office payment policy
The CEO and executive directors have rolling contracts with notice periods which will not exceed one year.
Mr Nelson’s contract covers his services as Chairman of Lloyd’s and Chairman of the Franchise Board.
Unexpired term as at
31 December 2014 Notice period
John Nelson1 33 months 12 months
Inga Beale2 rolling 1 year 12 months
Tom Bolt3 rolling 1 year 12 months
Sean McGovern4 rolling 1 year 12 months
John Parry5 rolling 6 months 6 months
Notes
1) John Nelson was appointed to the Franchise Board and Council on 17 October 2011.
2) Inga Beale was appointed to the Franchise Board and Council on 27 January 2014.
3) Tom Bolt was appointed to the Franchise Board on 1 January 2010.
4) Sean McGovern was appointed to the Franchise Board on 16 May 2014.
5) John Parry was appointed to the Franchise Board on 11 December 2014.
The CEO and executive directors’ service contracts are kept available for inspection by Lloyd’s members at the
Corporation’s registered office.
External and working members are elected to Council while nominated members are appointed to Council, usually
for a three-year period. Members of the Franchise Board are appointed by Council with non-executive directors’ terms
of office varying between one and three years. These are not contractual arrangements and compensation is not paid if
a member leaves early.
Upon the termination of employment of an executive director or the CEO (other than upon dismissal in circumstances
justifying summary termination), the following principles will apply for the determination of remuneration:
Compensation for termination of employment
–
If the CEO or executive director works out his or her notice period, he or she will be entitled to payment as normal
during the period of notice. Alternatively, the Corporation reserves the right to terminate the employment by making
a payment in lieu of notice. In these circumstances, the Corporation’s policy is that the outgoing employee would be
entitled to receive an amount equal to base salary only in respect of his or her notice period. The sum will be paid in
monthly instalments to the CEO and, in respect of the executive directors, the sum may be paid in monthly
instalments at the Corporation’s discretion. In both cases, the sum paid may be reduced to reflect alternative income.
In certain circumstances a contribution towards legal fees and outplacement facilities may be made.
Annual bonus
–
If the CEO or executive director leaves the Corporation’s employment on or before the date on which an annual
bonus award would otherwise have been paid, he or she will not be entitled to that annual bonus award. However,
the Remuneration Committee may determine that the CEO or executive director may receive a bonus in respect
of the financial year of cessation based on performance in the year. Any bonus would be pro-rated for time.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 104
Report of the Remuneration Committee
continued
Service contracts and loss of office payment policy continued
LPP
The Remuneration Committee will retain absolute discretion over the payment of any and all LPP Awards to participants
whose employment is terminated (regardless of the reason for termination). However, the general intention is as follows:
–
If the CEO or executive director leaves the Corporation’s employment and is classified as a ‘good leaver’ (as determined
by the rules of the LPP) he or she will receive a pro-rated LPP Award for each complete month of service in respect of
his or her year of departure. The LPP Award will be notified to the employee and, together with any balance relating
to a previous year which remains in the employee’s LPP Fund at the termination date, will be paid to him or her no
later than the payment date under the applicable LPP scheme rules.
–
Good leaver circumstances include death, disability, ill-health or any other reason that the Remuneration Committee
determines in its sole discretion should constitute a good leaver reason.
–
If the CEO or executive director leaves the Corporation’s employment due to any reason other than those referenced
above (as determined by the Remuneration Committee acting in its absolute discretion), he or she will forfeit any and
all outstanding and future LPP Awards (including, for the avoidance of any doubt, any balance of the LPP Fund)
with immediate effect from the date that he or she serves or receives notice of termination.
–
Any LPP Awards made to the CEO or executive director who has left the Corporation would be subject to the malus
and clawback provisions set out in the rules of the LPP.
Consideration of conditions elsewhere in the Corporation
Information is provided to the Committee annually on bonuses awarded and salary increases granted across the
Corporation at both a total level and further broken down by grade and other components. Historical data is also provided.
Opinion on remuneration is encouraged from all employees via an annual staff survey. Market remuneration data may
be collated and shared with the Committee as a further consideration.
Remuneration policy and Lloyd’s members
The remuneration policy is approved by Council as part of its consideration of the annual report. The Council is a body
two thirds of which is elected by the members.
Legal status of policy report
The Corporation is not required to report under the directors’ remuneration report regulations, as these only apply to
UK listed companies. The Committee has chosen to follow the disclosure principles in those regulations in so far as they
can be applied to the governance of the Society.
This report sets out the Corporation’s current remuneration policy for the CEO and executive directors. The policy is
not legally binding, and the Committee reserves the right to amend the policy at any time.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 105
Annual remuneration report
This part of the report sets out the annual remuneration for 2014 and the way in which policy is being applied for 2015.
Single total figure of remuneration
The total remuneration receivable in respect of qualifying services for each person who served as a Franchise Board
director or member of Council during the year is shown below. Further detail on LPP Awards is shown on page 107-109.
Salary/fees Other benefits1 Annual bonus LPP Award Pension benefit2 Total
2014 2013 2014 2013 2014 2013 2014 2013 2014 2013 2014 2013
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Chairman of the Council of Lloyd’s
John Nelson3,4,7 535 525 22 31 – – – – – – 557 556
Executive directors
Inga Beale3,4,14 654 – 4 – 365 – 304 – 167 – 1,494 –
Tom Bolt3,5,6 577 577 23 24 318 315 365 370 151 143 1,434 1,429
Sean McGovern3,5,6,13 281 – 9 – 104 – 178 – 93 – 665 –
John Parry3,5,13 150 – 5 – 34 – 34 – 39 – 262 –
Non-executive Council members
Working members
Rupert Atkin 54 38 – – – – – – – – 54 38
Simon Beale 38 38 – – – – – – – – 38 38
Dominic Christian8 34 – – – – – – – – – 34 –
Christopher Harman 38 38 – – – – – – – – 38 38
Lawrence Holder 38 38 – – – – – – – – 38 38
Graham White 45 55 – – – – – – – – 45 55
External members
Robert Childs9 38 38 – – – – – – – – 38 38
Michael Deeny9 38 38 3 1 – – – – – – 41 39
Matthew Fosh9 38 38 – – – – – – – – 38 38
Paul Jardine7,9 64 64 – – – – – – – – 64 64
Alan Lovell7,9 60 52 – – – – – – – – 60 52
Michael Watson8,9 38 34 – – – – – – – – 38 34
Nominated members
Andy Haste7 86 86 – – – – – – – – 86 86
Fred Hu8 23 – 1 – – – – – – – 24 –
Sir David Manning 45 45 – – – – – – – – 45 45
Henrique Meirelles8 38 28 7 5 – – – – – – 45 33
Non-executive Franchise Board
members
Sir Andrew Cahn 60 60 – – – – – – – – 60 60
Charles Franks 69 69 – – – – – – – – 69 69
Nick Furlonge 67 67 – – – – – – – – 67 67
Joy Griffiths15 40 – – – – – – – – – 40 –
Claire Ighodaro 75 75 – – – – – – – – 75 75
Andrew Kendrick7 76 76 – – – – – – – – 76 76
Martin Read7 67 67 2 1 – – – – – – 69 68
Bruce Van Saun 74 69 – 10 – – – – – – 74 79
Former members of Council and
Franchise Board
Nick Marsh10 3 38 – – – – – – – – 3 38
Luke Savage11 294 518 10 18 – 200 – 332 149 169 453 1,237
Andre Villeneuve12 17 67 – – – – – – – – 17 67
The information in this table has been audited by the independent auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 106
Report of the Remuneration Committee
continued
Single total figure of remuneration continued
Table Notes
1. Other benefits include items such as benefit allowances, medical and life insurance.
2. Pension benefit is calculated as 20 times the increase in pension in the year (net of inflation) less the salary sacrificed, and also includes payments of 20%
of annual base salary as pension benefits are based on a maximum earnings cap, which from 6 April 2014 was £145,800.
3. Current employee of the Corporation.
4. Member of both Council and the Franchise Board for 2014.
5. Member of the Franchise Board only.
6. Tom Bolt is a non-executive director of Xchanging Claims Services. Sean McGovern was a director of Ins-sure Holdings Limited and various subsidiary companies
until 11 September 2014. He is also a director of Equitas Holdings Limited and various subsidiary companies. No fees are or were payable for these appointments.
7. Member of the Remuneration Committee during 2014.
8. Michael Watson joined Council on 1 February 2013 and Henrique Meirelles joined on 8 April 2013. Dominic Christian and Fred Hu joined Council on
1 February 2014 and 12 May 2014 respectively.
9. The following members of Council act as representatives of limited liability underwriting vehicles – Robert Childs (Hiscox Dedicated Corporate Member Ltd);
Michael Deeny (The Michael Deeny LLP); Matthew Fosh (Novae Corporate Underwriting Ltd); Paul Jardine (Catlin Syndicate Ltd); Alan Lovell (Palace House
International (Two) LLP); Michael Watson (Flectat Ltd).
10. Nick Marsh retired from Council on 31 January 2014.
11. Luke Savage resigned as a Corporation employee and as a member of the Franchise Board on 24 July 2014.
12. Andre Villeneuve retired as a member of the Franchise Board on 31 March 2014.
13. Sean McGovern was appointed to the Franchise Board on 16 May 2014. John Parry was appointed to the Franchise Board on 11 December 2014 and was Interim
Director of Finance from 1 July 2014. The table reflects remuneration received as executive directors (including, in the case of John Parry, the period as Interim
Director of Finance).
14. Inga Beale commenced employment on 27 January 2014.
15. Joy Griffiths joined the Franchise Board on 25 April 2014.
Salary
The annual salaries and bonuses of the CEO and the executive directors are reviewed by the Remuneration Committee
annually.
2015 salaries are as follows:
2015
Base salaries Increase
£000 on 2014
CEO 700 0%
Director, Performance Management 600 4%
Director, Finance 400 –
Chief Risk Officer & General Counsel 480 0%
John Parry was appointed as Director, Finance on 11 December 2014.
Annual bonus
Executive directors are eligible for a discretionary annual bonus, based on performance against objectives and individual
key performance indicators for the year. The maximum annual opportunity under the bonus for the CEO and each of
the executive directors for 2014 was as follows:
CEO 75% of base salary
Director, Performance Management 67% of base salary
Chief Risk Officer & General Counsel 50% of base salary
The new Director, Finance’s annual bonus for 2014 was determined by reference to his annual bonus opportunity prior
to promotion.
Performance measures
Individual payouts are based on the Committee’s judgement of performance against corporate and individual key
performance indicators (KPIs) for the year. The Remuneration Committee reviews strategic and operational objectives
and KPIs at the start of the financial year that are aligned to the Corporation’s strategic objectives. These help in
determining the annual bonus awards for the year. Because the KPIs, in the main, relate to specific strategic actions
and initiatives, the Committee considers that the specific objectives are sensitive in the context of the Lloyd’s market.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 107
Annual bonus continued
Bonus outturns for 2014
2014 has been a successful year for the Lloyd’s market and the Corporation. Key achievements in the year against KPIs
aligned to the delivery of Vision 2025 included:
–
An ongoing market oversight regime which helped contribute to a combined ratio at the mid-year point that was
better than Lloyd’s primary competitor group.
–
The delivery of a new minimum standards regime for the Lloyd’s market.
–
Increasing Lloyd’s international presence. The following approvals were acquired from local regulators – Dubai
(co-located office with managing agents); Mexico (representative office); and Beijing (an insurance licence and new
branch office).
–
The Global Development Centre was launched providing insight and training on Lloyd’s to brokers from both
developed and high-growth economies.
–
Significant progress on the market modernisation agenda, including renewed market and wider stakeholder
engagement on the Central Services Refresh Project.
–
The successful placing of a new sterling debt issue of £500m following a review of Lloyd’s overall capital efficiency.
–
Inclusion@Lloyd’s was successfully launched.
Against that background, and taking into account an overall assessment of individual performance and contribution
in the year, the Committee determined the following annual bonus payments:
CEO £365k (74% of max)
Director, Performance Management £318k (82% of max)
Director, Finance £34k (67% of max)
Chief Risk Officer & General Counsel £104k (71% of max)
The percentage of maximum bonus for the CEO has been calculated by reference to actual salary paid in 2014, given
Ms Beale’s start date of 27 January. Expressed as a percentage of annual salary, Ms Beale’s bonus is 70% of the maximum.
In the case of the Director, Finance and the Chief Risk Officer & General Counsel, the bonus payments relate to the
period they served on the Franchise Board (in the case of the former this includes the period as Interim Director, Finance).
Lloyd’s Performance Plan
The Lloyd’s Performance Plan (LPP) was introduced from 1 January 2008. It is available to all employees and has been
designed to meet strategic objectives by enabling the Corporation to offer an incentive which:
–
Is directly linked to the profitability of the Lloyd’s market and will therefore encourage an attitude of commercial
partnership with the market and align the interests of participants with capital providers.
–
Will provide a competitive reward and therefore assist Lloyd’s in attracting and retaining the talented individuals
required to develop and support future strategy.
The plan is operated at the discretion of the Remuneration Committee and can be amended or terminated at any time.
All employees of the Corporation and international offices are eligible to participate in the LPP on the basis set out as
below. The Remuneration Committee agreed in 2014 that new employees will become eligible to participate in the LPP
from the beginning of the month immediately following the start of their employment.
Calculation of LPP Awards
Awards under the LPP (LPP Awards) are calculated by reference to profit on ordinary activities before tax (PBT),
as reported in the pro forma financial statements in the Lloyd’s Annual Report for each financial year. LPP Awards
will only be triggered if PBT in excess of £100m is achieved.
The LPP Awards for each financial year will be calculated as a percentage of the participants’ salaries at 31 December
in that year, for each £1bn of PBT.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 108
Report of the Remuneration Committee
continued
Lloyd’s Performance Plan continued
The framework for determining LPP Awards is as follows:
Amount of Limits on LPP Awards Limits on LPP Awards
Job level LPP Award (trigger) (cap)
CEO and directors appointed 15% of salary per £1bn of PBT LPP Awards will be triggered 50% of salary i.e. £3.3bn of PBT
after 1 January 2014 only on the achievement of
a minimum threshold of
Other directors 20% of salary per £1bn of PBT 100% of salary i.e. £5bn of PBT
£100m PBT. If PBT is below
£100m, no LPP Awards
Senior managers 10% of salary per £1bn of PBT 30% of salary i.e. £3bn of PBT
will be made for that
(Level 1)
financial year.
Other employees 5%-3% of salary per £1bn of PBT 15%-9% of salary (depending on grade)
(Level 2-4) depending on grade i.e. £3bn of PBT
For the purpose of the above table and the section below, directors refer to directors of the Corporation rather than only
the executive directors (directors who are members of the Franchise Board).
Structure and timing of payments
For directors and Level 1 employees the LPP operates with a significant element of deferral. For the CEO and directors
appointed after January 2014 the total award is deferred until the third year following the year of performance. For other
directors and Level 1 employees deferral is via an ongoing fund as described below.
Job level Awards Payments
CEO and directors appointed Any LPP Award will be notified after the PBT for the relevant year has Payment is deferred until October in
after 1 January 2014 been announced (i.e. participants will be notified normally in May 2015 the third year following the end of the
of any LPP award relating to the financial year 2014). relevant financial year, i.e. any LPP
award relating to financial year 2014
will be received in October 2017.
Other directors and Level 1 Any LPP Award will be notified to the employee after the PBT for the Each October one half of the total
employees relevant year has been announced (e.g. the employee will be notified contents of the LPP Fund will be paid
normally in May 2015 of any LPP Award relating to the financial year 2014). to the employee.
The total amount of the LPP Award will be added to the particular
employee’s LPP Fund.
LPP Awards in respect of 2014
For 2014, PBT of £3.2bn was achieved. As this is above the threshold level of £100m LPP Awards were made for the
year. Based on this PBT level and the LPP calculation described above, the LPP Awards as a percentage of salary were
47% for the CEO; 63% for the Director, Performance Management and the Chief Risk Officer & General Counsel;
and 30% for the new Director, Finance. The latter was determined by reference to the percentage applying to Level 1
employees. These awards will be paid out as described above.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 109
Lloyd’s Performance Plan continued
A summary of movement in the directors’ LPP Funds in the year is provided below:
Total fund
outstanding as at Amount lapsing Amount paid
31 December 2013 during the during the LPP Award in Total fund
or date of year ended year ended respect of outstanding as at
appointment 31 December 2014 31 December 2014 2014 31 December 2014
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Inga Beale – – – 304 304
Tom Bolt 556 – (278) 365 643
Sean McGovern 568 – (227) 178 519
John Parry 143 – (55) 34 122
Luke Savage 540 (540) – – –
Richard Ward 689 – (689) – –
Following the mutual agreement to terminate his contract, Richard Ward was paid the balance of his LPP fund.
Luke Savage’s LPP fund lapsed following cessation of employment.
The information in this table has been audited by the independent auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.
Pensions
The CEO receives an annual contribution of £40,000 into the Group Personal Pension Plan, the Corporation’s
pension scheme. She also receives a cash allowance of 20% of base salary.
The former Director, Finance and Operations, the Director, Performance Management, the Director, Finance,
and the Chief Risk Officer & General Counsel are members of the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme. The terms of the
Scheme and details of accruals and contributions in the year are as follows:
Details of pension arrangements Contributions and accruals in 2014
Tom Bolt Pension arrangements provide for a pension at Salary sacrifice of 5% of the earnings cap for eightieth
retirement built in annual blocks based on a standard accrual rate.
accrual rate of one eightieth of base annual salary
subject to the Scheme earnings cap in each year of
eligible service with the facility to increase the accrual
rate to one thirtieth for an additional contribution.
Luke Savage Pension arrangements provide for a pension at normal Salary sacrifice of 10% of the earnings cap
Sean McGovern retirement of two thirds base annual salary after 20 in exchange for additional employer pension
John Parry years’ eligible service less any entitlement from contributions of the same amount.
previous pension arrangements and subject to a
Scheme earnings cap of £145,800 from 6 April 2014.
The former Director, Finance and Operations, the Director, Performance Management, the Director, Finance, and the
Chief Risk Officer & General Counsel also received or receive a cash allowance of 20% of their base salary to compensate
for their pension benefits being based on the Scheme earnings cap rather than their base salaries.
No other payments to the CEO, the former Director, Finance and Operations, the Director, Performance Management,
the Director, Finance, or the Chief Risk Officer & General Counsel are pensionable. Their dependants are eligible for the
payment of a lump sum in the event of death in service and, other than the CEO, for dependants’ pensions.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 110
Report of the Remuneration Committee
continued
Pensions continued
Details of the rights under the Lloyd’s pension scheme are set out below:
Increase in
Increase in pension in Total accrued
Salary pension in year to annual pension
sacrifice in year year to 31 December in year to
to 31 December Age at 31 December 2014 – net of 31 December Normal
2014 31 December 2014 – actual price inflation 2014 retirement
£000 2014 £000 £000 £000 pa age
Tom Bolt 7 58 2 2 2 65
Sean McGovern 14 44 4 3 4 60
John Parry 14 51 6 5 6 60
Luke Savage 8 53 4 3 4 60
The increase in pension and the total accrued pension for Luke Savage relates to the period of the year up until he left
(24 July 2014).
Details of the transfer values of accrued pension benefits are set out below:
Transfer value Transfer value Movement in
of accrued of accrued transfer value
pension as at pension as at over the year
31 December 31 December less amounts
2013 2014 salary sacrificed
£000 £000 £000
Tom Bolt 110 154 37
Sean McGovern 620 667 33
John Parry 782 908 112
Luke Savage 677 790 105
The transfer value represents a liability of the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme, not a sum paid or due to the individual.
The transfer values have increased over the year in line with the increase in accrued pensions and due to changes
in market conditions. The impact is more pronounced for those executive directors closer to retirement age.
Departing Director, Finance and Operations
Luke Savage stepped down as Director, Finance and Operations on 24 July 2014. He did not receive a bonus payment
for 2014 and the outstanding balance of his LPP fund lapsed.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 111
Additional disclosures
Six-year CEO remuneration
Annual bonus
CEO single award as a LPP award as a
figure of total percentage of percentage of
remuneration maximum maximum
£000 opportunity opportunity
2014 1,494 74%* 95%
2013 1,795 75% 65%
2012 1,759 75% 55%
2011 1,499 90% 0%
2010 1,750 90% 44%
2009 1,771 83% 77%
* The percentage of maximum bonus for the CEO has been calculated by reference to actual salary paid in 2014, given
Ms Beale’s start date of 27 January. Expressed as a percentage of annual salary, Ms Beale’s bonus is 70% of the maximum.
Executive director pay increase in relation to all employees
A comparison of Inga Beale’s salary and bonus with the former CEO’s is not considered to be meaningful given the
change in the structure of the overall remuneration package. Therefore, for 2014, the remuneration paid to the Director,
Performance Management is used as an alternative (on the basis that the incumbent has been in position for both 2013
and 2014). For 2015, when meaningful year-on-year comparative information is available, the table will revert to
showing CEO pay data.
The table below therefore sets out details of the change in remuneration for the Director, Performance Management
and all Corporation employees.
Executive
director All employees
Salary 0% 3.22%
Other benefits (1.84%) (3.12%)
Annual bonus 0.79% 2.11%
Relative importance of spend on pay
2014 2013
£000 £000
Operating income 222,167 216,521
Total remuneration - all employees 93,065 87,874
Operating income excludes income relating to the Central Fund. Total remuneration excludes items such as employer’s
social security costs, net interest on defined benefit liability, non-executive remuneration, and recruitment fees.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 112
Report of the Remuneration Committee
continued
Remuneration for the Chairman and members of the Council of Lloyd’s and Franchise Board who are
not employees of the Corporation
The Chairman’s remuneration was increased from £525k to £575k per annum on 17 October 2014 when his contract
was renewed for another three years. This was the first increase for the Chairman in three years and was benchmarked
against wider practice. The Chairman’s remuneration will remain at £575k for 2015.
Fees for 2014 for Council and Franchise Board members were £37,500 and £60,000 per annum respectively. Fees for
2015 have not been increased. Fees are also payable in respect of membership of a number of Council and Franchise
Board committees, including ad hoc committees established to consider specific issues requiring a significant time
commitment. For 2014 the additional fee payable to the Deputy Chairmen, over and above the standard Council
member’s fee, was £10,500 per annum. It remains at this level for 2015.
Details of the Remuneration Committee, advisers to the committee and their fees
Within the policy for remuneration approved by the Council, the Remuneration Committee is responsible for setting the
total individual remuneration package for the Chairman of Lloyd’s, the Chief Executive Officer, each executive director,
the Secretary to the Council and other members of staff (including individual consultants) above certain thresholds.
The Remuneration Committee currently comprises six members – three members of Council, two members of the
Franchise Board and the Chairman of Lloyd’s. It has been chaired by Andy Haste (a Nominated member of Council
and Senior Independent Deputy Chairman) since November 2012.
The Remuneration Committee met four times in 2014. The attendance record is set out in the Corporate Governance
report on page 84. The Committee’s terms of reference are available on the Lloyd’s website and on request from the
Secretary to the Council.
The Remuneration Committee was assisted by its remuneration consultants, Deloitte LLP, who adhere to the Code
of Conduct for executive remuneration consultants. Deloitte LLP was appointed by the Remuneration Committee.
Deloitte LLP adheres to working practices which have been agreed with the Remuneration Committee Chairman, for
the purpose of maintaining independence. The Committee is satisfied that the advice received from Deloitte LLP was
objective and independent. Total fees paid in respect of advice and services to assist the Remuneration Committee
amounted to £37,000 for the year. Deloitte LLP also provided other services to the Corporation during the year,
including the co-sourced Internal Audit resource, assurance support and tax advisory services.
At the request of the Remuneration Committee, the CEO and Head of HR regularly attend Remuneration Committee
meetings. Other senior executives are invited to attend for specific agenda items from time to time.
Neither the Chairman, nor the CEO, nor any other director, plays a part in any discussion about his or her own remuneration.
Andy Haste
Chairman, Remuneration Committee
25 March 2015
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 113
Report of the Audit Committee
Statement by Chair of Audit Committee
The Committee received technical updates from senior
management and the external auditors on developments
On the following pages we set out the Report of the Audit in financial reporting, accounting policy and regulatory
Committee. The report comprises the following sections: developments. In addition, the Committee received an
in-depth presentation from the external auditor on
–
Composition of the Audit Committee integrated reporting and an update on cyber risk from
–
Financial Reporting management.
–
Internal control
–
Auditors The Committee’s terms of reference can be found on the
Lloyd’s website.
Our principal aim is to assist the Council in discharging
Financial reporting
its responsibilities for monitoring the integrity of the
Society’s financial reporting, assessing the effectiveness
of the internal controls of the Society and monitoring the The Committee reviewed the Lloyd’s published annual
effectiveness, independence and objectivity of the internal and interim financial statements including the pro forma
and external auditors. financial statements, the Aggregate Accounts, the Group
financial statements of the Society of Lloyd’s, Lloyd’s
Claire Ighodaro, CBE Return to the PRA and the interim management
Chairman, Audit Committee statements of the Society of Lloyd’s. The Committee,
25 March 2015 with the support of the external auditor, assessed whether
suitable accounting policies had been adopted and
Composition of the Audit Committee
whether management had made appropriate estimates
and judgements.
The Committee, at the end of 2014, comprised two
external members of the Council and four non-executive The principal issues reviewed in respect of the Society were:
members of the Franchise Board. The Committee met five
–
times during the year. The members of the Committee in The notional investment return on Funds at Lloyd’s
2014 and their attendance at meetings are shown in the and the methodology of the calculation.
–
Corporate Governance report on pages 84-85. The valuation of the Lloyd’s pension scheme including
a review of the appropriateness of the assumptions
The Committee members have extensive commercial used in the calculation and the impact of International
experience which enables the Committee to fulfil its Accounting Standard 19 Revised Employee Benefits.
–
terms of reference in a robust and independent manner. The methodology and assumptions used in the fair
For the purposes of the UK Corporate Governance Code, value calculation of recoverable Central Fund loans
the Committee considers that Claire Ighodaro, Alan made to hardship members.
–
Lovell, Paul Jardine and Bruce Van Saun have recent The methodology and assumptions used in the
and relevant financial experience. More information on calculation of amounts to be retained by the Society
the skills and experience of the Committee members are in respect of Central Fund Contributions and
set out in the biographies on pages 86-93. Subscriptions, including the accounting treatment
and disclosure of the Central Fund repayment.
–
Members of the Executive Team and other senior Management’s assessment of the financial position
management regularly attend meetings at the invitation of the Society including forecasts and stress tests
of the Chairman together with the Head of Internal undertaken.
–
Audit and the external auditor. The Committee as a The change in accounting for contractual capital
whole meets privately with the internal and external expenditure under full repairing lease agreements.
–
auditors on a regular basis. The change in accounting for exchange differences
arising from currency translation of overseas
In addition, throughout the year, the Chairman of the operations.
Committee meets informally and has open lines of
communication with the Executive Team, Head of At the request of the Council, the Committee considered
Internal Audit, external auditors and senior management. whether the Annual Report was fair, balanced and
understandable and whether it provided the necessary
information to assess performance, business model
and strategy.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 114
Report of the Audit Committee
continued
Internal control
The Committee engaged Ernst & Young LLP to
undertake an external assessment of Internal Audit
The Committee reviewed and monitored the effectiveness which concluded that Internal Audit were independent,
of the systems of internal control of the Society. Regular performed well against existing international standards,
reports and updates on specific control issues were received industry best practice and was well positioned in terms
throughout the year. Specific issues considered were: of compliance with the Chartered Institute of Internal
Auditors guidance.
–
The Committee reviewed reports from the Risk
Committee on developments to the Lloyd’s Risk Deloitte LLP provides co-sourced Internal Audit
Framework. The Committee also considered the resource who report directly to the Head of Internal
quarterly risk and capital management information Audit. The Committee keeps under review the
reports. Throughout the year, the Committee was relationship with Deloitte LLP and the procedures
updated on the key risks which are set out in the to ensure appropriate independence of the Internal
Risk Management section of the Annual Report Audit function is maintained.
on pages 35-36.
–
The Committee monitored progress updates on the External auditor
PRA and FCA Risk Mitigation Programmes. The Committee monitors and reviews the objectivity
The Committee reviewed internal audit reports, and independence of the external auditor. This includes
the actions taken to implement the recommendations having in place a policy to govern the non-audit services
made in the reports and the status of progress against that may be provided by the external auditor, that sets out
previously agreed actions. the circumstances in which the external auditor
–
The Committee received reports from the independent may be permitted to undertake non-audit services.
validator, Internal Audit and management on Lloyd’s
internal model approval process. The Committee During the year the Committee approved an updated
discussed the matters that had been identified and policy which incorporates the recommendations of EU
agreed the proposed resolution plan, requesting regulation 537/2014 Article 5.
regular progress updates.
–
The Committee reviewed the external auditor’s controls Allowable services are pre-approved up to £100,000.
observation report and management’s assessment of Any non-audit service that exceeds this threshold
the internal control environment including reports on requires approval from the Committee and must be
control failures during the period and status of progress justified and, if appropriate, tendered before it is approved.
against previously agreed actions. The Committee receives a regular report on engagements
–
Regular reports on UK and overseas regulatory undertaken by the external auditor in order to monitor
and compliance matters including the European the types of services provided and the fees incurred and
Commission’s legislative proposals on auditing; to ensure they do not impair their independence and
Solvency II; and the International Association of objectivity. The external auditor also confirmed to the
Insurance Supervisors proposed methodology for Audit Committee that they believe they remain
identifying Systemically Important Financial independent within the meaning of the regulations
Institutions. on this matter and their professional standards.
–
The Committee reviewed the results of the speaking-
up survey and updates on action being taken to address A breakdown of the fees paid to the external auditor
any specific matters. for non-audit work may be found in note 5. Significant
engagements undertaken in 2014 include other services
Auditors
pursuant to legislation (work undertaken on the
Aggregate Accounts and regulatory returns) the pro
Internal audit forma financial statements, reporting accountant on
The Committee reviewed and approved Internal Audit’s the subordinated debt issue and support of the Lloyd’s
Charter and Operating Standards and the Internal Audit internal model approval submission.
Plan, which provides the three-year audit cycle and
details the annual scope of work and allocation of The Committee performs a specific evaluation of the
resources based on an assessment of inherent risks and performance of the external auditor annually, through
existing controls. The Committee is satisfied that Internal assessment of the results of questionnaires completed
Audit has the appropriate resources. by members of the Executive Team and senior
management in addition to Committee members’
The performance of Internal Audit is subject to ongoing own views. The Committee is satisfied with the
assessment and to an annual formal evaluation that is performance of External Audit.
achieved through assessment of the results of
questionnaires completed by the Executive Team and
departments that have been subject to an internal audit
in addition to Committee members’ own views.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 115
Report of the Lloyd’s Members’ Ombudsman
Report by Mark Humphries,
Lloyd’s Members’ Ombudsman
I am pleased to present the Annual Report of the Lloyd’s
Members’ Ombudsman to the Council of Lloyd’s for the
year ended 31 December 2014.
The role of the Lloyd’s Members’ Ombudsman is to
investigate complaints by members and former members
who were members at any time after 30 November 2001,
who believe that they have suffered injustice in
consequence of maladministration in relation to any
action taken by or on behalf of the Society.
Complaints received
During 2014 I received two new complaints.
I reported in June 2014 on the first complaint, finding in
favour of the complainant. I made a supplementary report
on the same complaint in August 2014. As a result of my
findings Lloyd’s has made a settlement offer which is
currently being considered by the complainant.
The second complaint was received at the end of
December 2014 and is in the course of being investigated.
Costs
The expenses incurred by my office amounted to £18,000.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 116
Financial Review
This review should be read in conjunction with the financial statements of the Society on pages 128-171.
Operating surplus
The Society of Lloyd’s achieved an operating surplus for the year of £59m (2013: surplus of £89m). The operating
surplus by business segment is set out below:
Restated
Corporation Lloyd’s 2014 2013
of Lloyd’s Central Fund Total Total
£m £m £m £m
Total income 220 115 335 326
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred – (1) (1) (18)
Central Fund repayment – (49) (49) –
Net insurance claims 1 – 1 –
Other Group operating expenses (218) (9) (227) (219)
Operating surplus 3 56 59 89
Corporation of Lloyd’s
Total income for the Corporation of Lloyd’s increased by £3m to £220m (2013: £217m), driven by an increase in income
generated by the overseas operating charge, where the costs of running the Corporation’s international network of
offices are recharged to those syndicates which underwrite business overseas, and an increase in the level of recoveries
on a ‘user pays’ basis of costs incurred on behalf of specific managing agents. This was partly offset by a reduction in
subscription income, which was impacted by adverse movements in exchange rates on the level of premium written by
the Lloyd’s market in the year in converted sterling terms. The subscription rate applied to written premium remained
unchanged at 0.5%. In aggregate, other income streams were in line with the prior year.
Other Group operating expenses increased to £218m (2013: £212m), which includes costs incurred on behalf of managing
agents which are recharged on a ‘user pays’ basis. Excluding these costs and currency translation gains, expenses increased
compared to the previous year, reflecting the Corporation’s investment to deliver the strategic priorities.
Central Fund
Total income for the Central Fund increased by £7m to £115m (2013: £108m). This was driven by recoveries of
undertakings previously paid out. Central Fund contributions decreased as, whilst the rates remained unchanged during
2014 at 0.5%, income was also impacted by adverse movements in exchange rates on the level of premium written by the
Lloyd’s market in converted sterling terms.
The standard Central Fund claims and provisions is a net charge for the year of £1m (2013: charge of £18m). Undertakings
to meet the liabilities of insolvent members to policyholders are approved at the discretion of the Council and are normally
based on anticipated cash flow requirements of insolvent members in the following 12 months. During 2014, payments
made in respect of insolvent corporate members were £6m (2013: £21m). There were no payments made in respect of
individual members in 2014 and 2013.
Other Group operating expenses increased to £9m (2013: £7m). Excluding the impact of foreign exchange,
operating expenses are in line with the prior year.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 117
Investment performance
2014 2013
£m £m
Finance income 93 60
Finance costs – other (49) (56)
Realised/unrealised exchange gains/(losses) on borrowings 7 (6)
51 (2)
Deficit on subordinated debt repurchase (9) (15)
42 (17)
Investment performance
The Society’s investments returned £93m or 3.6% during the year (2013: £60m, 2.3%). Most of the Society’s investments
are held within the Central Fund. Return from high quality fixed interest investments was better than expected over
the year, as falling bond yields led to capital appreciation which boosted the otherwise low level of gain from income.
Developed market equities generated solid returns in aggregate despite disparities between different regions. Emerging
market equities withstood poor performance in the fourth quarter and finished the year with a good level of return.
Other return seeking assets such as high yield bonds and hedge funds fared less well. Further commentary on
investment strategy is included on page 119. The disposition of the Society’s financial investments is set out in note 15
on pages 152-154.
Finance costs of £49m in 2014 (2013: £56m) predominantly relate to interest on the subordinated notes and perpetual
subordinated capital securities.
Realised/unrealised exchange gains/(losses) on borrowings reflect the impact of foreign exchange movements on the
Society’s outstanding debt securities. The exposure to movements in the euro was managed within the investment
strategy applied to Society assets and ceased following the redemption of euro denominated debt securities with effect
from their first call date in November 2014.
Adjusting for interest costs and foreign exchange movements results in a net investment gain of £51m (2013: loss of £2m).
In October 2014, the Society of Lloyd’s repurchased a total principal amount of £149m sterling subordinated notes at a
cost of £158m. The Society additionally paid accrued interest on the purchased securities. The repurchase generated a
capital loss of £9m, although interest savings over the remaining life of these securities will mean that the repurchase is
of financial benefit to the Society. The Society also issued new sterling subordinated notes with a total principal amount
of £500m in October 2014.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 118
Financial Review
continued
Taxation
A tax charge of £18m (2013: £14m) on the surplus before tax of £109m (2013: £79m) has been recognised for the year
ended 31 December 2014. Further details are set out in note 8 on pages 145-146.
Movement in net assets
£m
Net assets at 1,635 Additions to net assets
1 January 2014
Surplus for Deductions to net assets
91
the year
Net assets
Actuarial loss on Lloyd’s
(47)
pension scheme
Currency translation
6
differences
Tax on other
8
comprehensive income
Net assets at
1,693
31 December 2014
The net assets of the Central Fund are included within the above amounts and at 31 December 2014 were £1,590m
(2013: £1,513m).
Pension schemes
Lloyd’s pension scheme
On an IFRS basis, the Lloyd’s pension scheme valuation at 31 December 2014 was a deficit of £84m before allowance
for a deferred tax asset of £17m (31 December 2013: £32m deficit before allowance for a deferred tax asset of £6m).
The movement in the pension deficit during the year is summarised below:
2014
£m
Pension deficit as at 1 January 2014 (32)
Pension expense recognised in the Group income statement (10)
Employer contributions 5
Remeasurement effects recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income (47)
Pension deficit as at 31 December 2014 (84)
This was mainly due to an increase in liabilities as a result of a reduction in the real discount rate. The actuarial valuation
of liabilities is particularly sensitive to changes in market conditions, which determine the discount rate, and changes to
mortality assumptions. Further details are provided in note 18 on pages 156-161 which includes the sensitivity of the
valuation to changes in these assumptions.
The latest triennial funding valuation of the scheme was carried out as at 30 June 2013, which showed a surplus of £9m.
The career average section of the scheme was closed to new joiners from April 2013, and to existing hires from June
2013 (existing employed members of each scheme continue to accrue benefits). After these dates, employees are eligible
to join the Defined Contribution arrangement, which is administered by Aviva.
Overseas pension schemes
Overseas pension schemes’ actuarial valuation at 31 December 2014 was £2.3m (2013: £1.6m). Further details are
provided in note 18.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 119
Solvency
Total assets for solvency purposes are set out below. The 2014 position is considered to be an estimate of the amount
which will be finalised in June 2015 for submission to the PRA:
Restated
2014 2013
£m £m
Net assets at 31 December 1,693 1,635
Subordinated notes and perpetual subordinated capital securities 885 721
Central assets 2,578 2,356
Callable Central Fund contributions 779 788
Other solvency adjustments (112) (19)
Central assets for solvency purposes 3,245 3,125
Solvency shortfalls (19) (34)
Excess of central assets over solvency shortfalls 3,226 3,091
Based on central assets for solvency purposes of £3.2bn (2013: £3.1bn), the estimated solvency ratio is 17079%
(2013: 9191%). In setting contribution levels, account is taken of the Society’s ICA to ensure that Lloyd’s is prudently
but competitively capitalised. Unencumbered central assets should be at least 100% of the Society’s ICA plus the higher
of 150% of the Society’s ICA, or 100% of the Society’s ICG, on a business as usual basis.
Cash flows and liquidity
Cash and cash equivalents increased during the year ended 31 December 2014 by £111m to £262m (2013: £151m).
Cash balances are maintained at appropriate levels to meet the short-term operating expenses of the Society.
Any surplus cash balances are invested and are included as financial investments within the Group statement of
financial position.
The Corporation’s free cash balances are regularly monitored. Free cash represents the amounts, both at bank and on
deposit, held in the UK and available to the Corporation to meet operating expenses, including those of overseas
operations, excluding any balances held in respect of insurance and arbitration activities. Free cash balances at
31 December 2014 were £143m.
The liquidity of the Central Fund is monitored separately. Cash balances are managed to meet short-term operational
commitments including the payment of drawdowns. Any surplus cash balances are invested in compliance with defined
investment parameters approved by the Investment Committee.
Central Fund investment strategy
Central Fund investment strategy is considered in three parts. A proportion of assets are assigned to meet liquidity
needs, based on a prudent estimate of net cash flows. These assets are commingled with other liquid assets of Lloyd’s
Group companies and invested in bank deposits and other short-term securities, with maturities of up to 12 months.
The objective is to optimise income, for a low level of risk, while ensuring that all cash flows requirements are met as
they fall due.
A significant proportion of assets are invested in fixed interest securities of a high credit quality and typically medium
term maturities. The financial risk exposures represented by subordinated debt securities issued by the Society are
considered when determining the disposition of fixed interest investments. The return objective is to optimise
investment return in the longer term while maintaining overall financial risk within defined limits.
A smaller proportion of assets are invested in equities and other return seeking asset classes, also with an aim to
optimise investment return in the longer term without exceeding defined risk tolerances. These investments are
diversified among different asset classes to help manage risk and third party investment managers are retained to
manage these investments within clearly defined investment parameters specified by Lloyd’s. Current equity exposures
comprise global developed, emerging and property related markets. Other return seeking assets include high yield and
emerging market debt, hedge funds and more recently, senior secured loans.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 120
Financial Review
continued
Financial risk management and treasury policies
Market risk
Market risk represents the risk that movements in
Overview financial markets will affect the financial position of the
The Society’s principal financial instruments comprise Society. Market risks arising from the disposition of the
cash and cash equivalents, investments, borrowings and Society’s investments are monitored against defined
items that arise directly from operations such as trade parameters using Value at Risk (VAR) methodology.
receivables and payables. These include assets and The position is reviewed regularly by the Investment
liabilities of the Central Fund. Committee. Investments are actively monitored on a fair
value basis and all investments are designated as fair
The Society’s treasury operations and investments are value through profit or loss.
managed by reference to established policies which are
reviewed regularly by the Investment Committee. Foreign currency risk
Policies for managing these risks, in particular credit risk, The Society enters into a variety of foreign exchange
liquidity risk and market risk, are summarised below. transactions in response to the foreign currency
requirements of Lloyd’s Group companies. In managing
Credit risk the exposures arising from such foreign exchange
Credit risk represents the risk of financial loss to the activity, which may involve transactions for forward
Society if a counterparty, or the issuer of a security, settlement, the net risk arising from all such exposures
fails to meet its contractual obligations. is considered and the level of this risk is managed within
defined parameters. Consequently, while some net
Trade and other receivables foreign exchange exposures may accrue to the Society
The Society has established procedures to minimise the from time to time as a result of this activity, the level
risk of default by trade and other receivables, which are of such exposures is carefully monitored and is not
mainly in respect of the Lloyd’s market, the main source significant in the context of its activities.
of income. These procedures include minimum standard
checks for new market entrants. Foreign currency exposures arising from overseas
investments are considered together with foreign
Financial investments currency liabilities of the Society, and net foreign
A list of permissible bank counterparties, for the currency exposures arising are managed through the
purposes of money-market investment, is maintained use of forward foreign exchange contracts.
and restricted to banks having strong balance sheets
and credit ratings. Investment parameters exist for all Separately, the Society provides a Currency Conversion
investment assets, controlling overall credit quality and Service (CCS) to participating Lloyd’s syndicates,
ensuring appropriate risk diversification. Permitted converting insurance premiums and claims between
counterparties to capital market transactions are also pounds sterling and other Lloyd’s settlement currencies
carefully controlled. All applicable parameters are as required. Foreign exchange exposures arising from the
reviewed regularly by the Investment Committee. provision of the CCS are again managed on a net basis,
within defined parameters. The CCS is operated
Guarantees separately from other foreign exchange activity of the
The Society provides certain financial guarantees as Society because, under the terms of the service, any profit
security for the underwriting activities of the members (or loss) arising from CCS exposures is distributed to
of Lloyd’s. Further details are provided in note 27 on (or collected from) syndicates participating in the CCS.
page 171. Currency exposures arising from CCS activity
consequently do not, ultimately, represent risks to
Liquidity risk the Society.
The value and term of short-term assets are carefully
monitored against those of the Society’s liabilities.
The Society maintains sufficient liquid assets to meet
liabilities as they fall due.
The liquidity of the Central Fund is monitored separately.
Cash balances are managed to meet short-term
operational commitments including the payment of
drawdowns. Any surplus cash balances are invested in
compliance with defined investment parameters approved
by the Investment Committee.
The Society had no committed borrowing facilities as at
31 December 2014 (2013: £nil).
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 121
Interest rate risk Statement as to disclosure of information to
Borrowings from the Lloyd’s market for the purpose of auditors
funding statutory insurance deposits do not bear a fixed
rate of interest. Instead, investment returns earned on the
Having made enquiries, the Council of Lloyd’s
borrowed assets are passed on to lenders. Consequently,
confirms that:
no interest rate risk arises on such borrowings.
–
To the best of each Council member’s knowledge
Short-term assets held by the Society may be significant
and belief there is no information relevant to the
at certain times but such balances cannot be accurately
preparation of the Society Report of which the
predicted. These are invested in money market
Society’s auditors are unaware.
instruments of up to 12 months’ duration with the –
Each Council member has taken all the steps a
objective of maximising current income while meeting
Council member might reasonably be expected to
liquidity requirements.
have taken to be aware of relevant audit information
and to establish that the Society’s auditors are aware
Interest rate risk arising from the requirement to make
of that information.
fixed rate coupon payments in respect of the Lloyd’s
subordinated loan notes and the perpetual subordinated Outlook
capital securities is considered in conjunction with the
market risk arising on the Society’s investments.
Central assets, which exclude subordinated liabilities,
Overall risk is managed within defined limits,
are expected to remain stable at £2.6bn in 2015.
specified by the Franchise Board.
On 25 March 2015, the Council of Lloyd’s gave further
undertakings to certain corporate members to use the
Capital management
New Central Fund to discharge the liability of those
The Society monitors its capital to ensure that it
members where they have unpaid cash calls and do not
maintains sufficient assets for both operational and
have the resources to meet those cash calls. After taking
solvency purposes. Further disclosures with regard
account of the expiry of unutilised undertakings, the net
to financial instruments are provided in note 22 on
increase in undertakings, which will be reflected as a
pages 164-168.
charge in the 2015 income statement, is £nil (see note 4
Related party transactions on page 142). The operating expenses for the Corporation
and its subsidiaries are budgeted to be £250m in 2015,
including £11m of costs for services provided (and
Except for disclosures made in note 26 (see pages 170-171),
recharged directly) to specific managing agents, reflecting
no related party had material transactions with the Society
the focus on delivering the Lloyd’s strategy. The Council
in 2014.
of Lloyd’s is responsible for preparing the Group financial
Going concern statement statements in accordance with byelaws made under
Lloyd’s Act 1982 and International Financial Reporting
Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union.
After making enquiries and considering management’s
assessment of the financial position of the Society
including forecast and stress tests undertaken on the
Chain of Security, the members of the Council of Lloyd’s
have a reasonable expectation that the Society has
adequate resources to continue in operational existence
for the foreseeable future. For this reason, they continue
to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the
Society’s financial statements.
The Chain of Security is discussed in more detail
in ‘How Lloyd’s works’ on page 14 and in ‘Security
underlying policies issued at Lloyd’s’ on pages 70-72.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 122
Statement of the Council of Lloyd’s
Responsibilities for the Financial Statements
The Council of Lloyd’s is required to prepare Group The Council of Lloyd’s is responsible for the maintenance
financial statements for each financial year which present and integrity of the corporate and financial information
fairly the financial position of the Society and the included on the Society’s website (www.lloyds.com).
financial performance and cash flows of the Society for Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the
that period. In preparing these Group financial preparation and dissemination of financial statements
statements, the Council of Lloyd’s is required to: may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.
–
Select suitable accounting policies and then apply The Council of Lloyd’s considers that the Annual Report,
them consistently. taken as a whole, is fair, balanced and understandable
–
Present information, including accounting policies, and provides the information necessary for stakeholders
in a manner that provides relevant, reliable, to assess the Society’s performance, business model
comparable and understandable information. and strategy.
–
Provide additional disclosures when compliance with
the specific requirements in IFRS is insufficient to
enable users to understand the impact of particular
transactions, other events and conditions on the
Society’s financial position and financial performance.
–
State that the Society has complied with IFRS, subject
to any material departures disclosed and explained in
the Group financial statements.
The Council of Lloyd’s is responsible for keeping proper
accounting records which disclose with reasonable
accuracy at any time the financial position of the Society
and enable it to ensure that the Group financial
statements comply with Article 4 of the IAS Regulation.
As the Society’s subordinated debt and perpetual
subordinated capital securities are admitted to trading in
a regulated market in the European Union, Council has
elected to comply with Article 4, which requires Group
financial statements to be prepared in conformity with
IFRS as adopted by the European Union. The Council
of Lloyd’s is also responsible for safeguarding the assets
of the Society and hence for taking reasonable steps
for the prevention and detection of fraud and other
irregularities.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 123
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members
of the Society of Lloyd’s
Report on the Society of Lloyd’s Group Our audit approach
financial statements
Overview
Our opinion
Materiality
–
In our opinion, the Society of Lloyd’s Group financial Overall group materiality: £17 million which
statements (the ‘financial statements’): represents 0.5% of total assets.
–
give a true and fair view of the state of the Society’s Audit scope
–
affairs as at 31 December 2014 and of its profit and Audit procedures were performed over the complete
cash flows for the year then ended; financial information for the Corporation of Lloyd’s,
–
have been properly prepared in accordance with Central Fund and Additional Securities Limited
International Financial Reporting Standards (‘IFRSs’) reporting units to address the areas of focus
as adopted by the European Union; and identified below.
– –
have been prepared in accordance with the Additionally, we identified Lloyd’s Insurance
requirements of the Council of Lloyd’s byelaws made Company (China) Limited where certain account
under the Lloyd’s Act 1982. balances were considered to be significant in size in
relation to the Society, and scoped our audit to include
What we have audited
detailed testing of those account balances.
–
Taken together, the reporting units where we
The Society of Lloyd’s Group financial statements performed our audit work accounted for 89% of the
comprise: Society’s revenue, 97% of the Society’s profit before
tax and 98% of the Society’s total assets.
–
the Group statement of financial position as at
31 December 2014; Areas of focus
– –
the Group income statement and statement of Valuation of financial instruments
–
comprehensive income for the year then ended; Lloyd’s Pension Scheme
– –
the Group statement of cash flows for the year Revenue recognition
–
then ended; Accounting for members’ balances
– –
the Group statement of changes in equity for the Valuation of loans recoverable
year then ended; and
– The scope of our audit and our areas of focus
the notes to the Group financial statements,
which include a summary of significant accounting
policies and other explanatory information. We conducted our audit in accordance with International
Standards on Auditing (UK and Ireland) (‘ISAs (UK &
Certain required disclosures have been presented elsewhere Ireland)’).
in the Society Report, rather than in the notes to the
financial statements. These are cross-referenced from We designed our audit by determining materiality and
the financial statements and are identified as audited. assessing the risks of material misstatement in the
financial statements. In particular, we looked at where
The financial reporting framework that has been applied the Council made subjective judgements, for example
in the preparation of the financial statements is applicable in respect of significant accounting estimates. As in all
law and IFRSs as adopted by the European Union. of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management
override of internal controls, including evaluating
whether there was evidence of bias by the Council that
represented a risk of material misstatement due to fraud.
The risks of material misstatement that had the greatest
effect on our audit, including the allocation of our
resources and effort, are identified as ‘areas of focus’
in the table below. We have also set out how we tailored
our audit to address these specific areas in order to
provide an opinion on the financial statements as a
whole, and any comments we make on the results of our
procedures should be read in this context. This is not
a complete list of all risks identified by our audit.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 124
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members
of the Society of Lloyd’s continued
Our audit approach continued
The scope of our audit and our areas of focus continued
Area of focus How our audit addressed the area of focus
Valuation of financial investments
We focused on this area because it represents 86% of the assets of the We tested the valuation of the Senior Secured Loans and Interest
Society and so the valuation of financial investments has a significant rate swaps by re-pricing those investments using independent
impact on the financial statements. pricing sources.
We focused in particular on the following investment classes which are The non-publicly traded investments portfolio recorded in ASL
new to the Central Fund investment portfolio: comprises government bonds and term deposits. For government
– Senior Secured Loans bonds, our procedures included a test to compare the booked market
– Interest rate swaps value to sources such as auction prices available on government
websites. For term deposits, custodian confirmations were obtained.
We also focused specifically on investments recorded in Additional
Securities Limited (ASL), for which valuation is more subjective because There were no matters which required reporting to those charged
they are not publicly traded. with governance.
(Refer also to note 15 to the financial statements) For the remaining investment portfolio, we tested the controls in
place over pricing and valuation. We also independently re-priced
the derivatives and Level 1 bonds and equities investments to
complement our controls reliance.
We found no exceptions in our tests of controls and substantive testing.
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme
Lloyd’s operates a number of defined benefit and defined contribution We used our specialist knowledge to evaluate the key assumptions
pension schemes. The principal scheme is the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme used to value the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme. This included comparison
whose liabilities total £763m, as measured in accordance with IAS 19 of Lloyd’s assumptions to our own independent expectations based
‘Employee benefits’. This value is equivalent to 45% of the Society’s net on our knowledge of the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme and current financial
assets. Assumptions made in valuing the pension scheme liabilities can market conditions. We found the following:
have a material impact on them and therefore on the recognised deficit
in the financial statements. There is a significant increase in the i) t he discount rate used in the valuation of the pension liability was
pension liabilities as at 31 December 2014 compared to the prior year consistent with our expectations, taking into account the duration
mainly driven by the lower discount rate applied, partially offset by a of the pension liability and investment market conditions at
decrease in inflation assumptions. 31 December 2014;
ii) t he retail and consumer price inflation rates used in the valuation
Therefore, we focused on the key assumptions to which the scheme of the pension liability were consistent with our expectations,
valuations are sensitive, being: taking into account the duration of the pension liability and market
i) Discount rate expectations at 31 December 2014;
ii) Inflation iii) t he life expectancy assumptions were in line with the recent
iii) Post-retirement life expectancy mortality experience of the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme and with
iv) Salary increases assumptions made by other UK companies, and contain an
appropriate allowance for how rates of mortality may fall in future;
(Refer also to note 18 to the financial statements) and
iv) t he salary increase assumption was in line with assumptions made
by other UK companies.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 125
Area of focus How our audit addressed the area of focus
Revenue recognition
The Central Fund contributions and members’ subscription fees We evaluated the reasonableness of the assumptions applied in the
represent 60% of the revenue of the Society. estimation of the future premium. As future premium is estimated
based on the development trend of historical premium, we traced a
We focused on the estimation of Central Fund contributions and sample of the historical premium data to the market system which
members’ subscription fees. Although not complex, this involves records audited market results. We tested Information Technology
subjectivity with regards to assumptions on the estimation of future General Controls over the market system, where no exceptions were
premium. The future premium is estimated based on historical noted. Based on our work on the assumptions, we found that
development trends. From this analysis management has selected management’s analysis supported the extrapolation factor that
an extrapolation factor which is then applied to the current year. was selected.
There is also a risk of error in terms of the calculation of the estimated We tested the accuracy of the application of the assumptions to the
revenue as this is a manual calculation. underlying data and recomputed the total Central Fund contributions
and members’ subscription fees.
(Refer also to note 2 to the financial statements)
We found management’s assumptions to be reasonable. No
exceptions were noted in our validation of underlying data or our
recalculation of revenue.
Accounting for members’ balances
Members’ balances represent balances held by the Society of Lloyd’s Our approach primarily focused on :
on behalf of the members. The Society maintains accounts which i) t esting the operating effectiveness of controls in management’s
relate directly to members’ monies as part of Funds at Lloyd’s (FAL). process for identifying and monitoring all accounts that relate to
members’ balances, and ;
FAL is not recognised on the Society’s balance sheet. Accounts which ii) o btaining bank confirmations covering both Society and FAL
are not held as part of FAL are however recognised as Society assets. accounts to ascertain the completeness of the balances recorded
in the Society’s Statement of financial position.
The financial statements were re-stated in the prior year following the
detection of omissions of certain balances. We were able to obtain audit evidence from our tests of controls,
and the bank confirmations obtained provided evidence of the
Due to this we focused on the completeness of members’ balances in completeness of members’ cash balances in the financial statements.
the Society’s Statement of financial position.
Valuation of loans recoverable
Loans recoverable are Central Fund loans made to hardship members. We evaluated the reasonableness of the assumptions used and found
The valuation of loans recoverable (£46m) is subjective and the following:
judgemental.
i) t he discount rate used was consistent with our expectations,
The loans recoverable amount represents the lower of: taking into account the market conditions at 31 December 2014;
i) Valuation of property and investments held as charge; and ii) t he fair value of properties was reasonable, based on comparing
ii) Principal loan amount including accrued interest. the valuation to the current offer price of similar properties on the
open market; and
We focused on the following assumptions because they have a material iii) t he property inflation rate used was set at an appropriate
impact on the valuation of loans recoverable: level, based on our assessment of market conditions at
i) Discount rate 31 December 2014.
ii) Fair value of properties
iii) Property inflation rate. In addition, we tested a sample of loans by agreeing the principal loan
amount to the signed agreements and recalculated the accrued
(Refer also to note 14 to the financial statements) interest. No exceptions were found in our testing.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 126
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members
of the Society of Lloyd’s continued
Our audit approach continued Materiality
How we tailored the audit scope
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application
of materiality. We set certain quantitative thresholds for
We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we materiality. These, together with qualitative considerations,
performed enough work to be able to give an opinion on helped us to determine the scope of our audit and the
the financial statements as a whole, taking into account nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and
the structure of the Society, the accounting processes and to evaluate the effect of misstatements, both individually
controls, and the industry in which the Society operates. and on the financial statements as a whole.
The Society of Lloyd’s group financial statements are Based on our professional judgement, we determined
a consolidation of 34 reporting units. In establishing the materiality for the financial statements as a whole
overall approach to the group audit, we determined the as follows:
type of work that needed to be performed at the reporting
Overall Group materiality
units by us, as the group engagement team, or component
auditors within PwC UK and from other PwC network £17m (2013: £16m)
firms operating under our instruction. Where the work
How we determined it
was performed by component auditors, we determined the
level of involvement we needed to have in the audit work 0.5% of total assets
at those reporting units to be able to conclude whether
Rationale for benchmark applied
sufficient appropriate audit evidence had been obtained
as a basis for our opinion on the financial statements as We considered total assets to be an appropriate measure
a whole. We were involved in the risk assessment process because the Society is not profit oriented and because the
for these components, and obtained an understanding assets of the Society represent a crucial link in the Lloyd’s
of the audit procedures performed by the component Chain of Security for the market.
auditors to address the identified risks.
For each reporting unit we determined whether we We agreed with the Audit Committee that we would
required an audit of their complete financial information report to them misstatements identified during our audit
or whether specified procedures for particular balances above £850,000 (2013: £800,000) as well as misstatements
would be sufficient. Audit procedures were performed below that amount which, in our view, warranted
over the complete financial information for the reporting for qualitative reasons.
Corporation of Lloyd’s, Central Fund and Additional
Going concern
Securities Limited reporting units to address the areas of
focus identified above. Additionally, we identified Lloyd’s
Insurance Company (China) Limited where certain The Council of Lloyd’s has included a statement in
account balances were considered to be significant in relation to going concern in the Financial Review section
size in relation to the Society group, and scoped our audit of the Society report. As noted in that statement, the
to include detailed testing of those account balances. Council of Lloyd’s has concluded that it is appropriate to
prepare the financial statements using the going concern
The group consolidation, financial statement disclosures basis of accounting. This basis presumes that the Society
and a number of complex items were audited by the group has adequate resources to remain in operation, and that
engagement team in London. These included derivative the Council of Lloyd’s intends it to do so, for at least one
financial instruments and the pension scheme. year from the date the financial statements were signed.
As part of our audit we have concluded that the use of
Taken together, the reporting units where we performed the going concern basis is appropriate.
our audit work accounted for 89% of the Society’s
revenues, 97% of the Society’s profit before tax and 98% However, because not all future events or conditions can
of the Society’s total assets. be predicted, these statements are not a guarantee as to
the Society’s ability to continue as a going concern.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 127
Other required reporting
Our responsibility is to audit and express an opinion on
the financial statements in accordance with applicable law
Consistency of other information and International Standard on Auditing (ISA (UK and
ISAs (UK & Ireland) reporting Ireland)). Those standards require us to comply with the
Under ISAs (UK & Ireland) we are required to report Auditing Practices Board’s Ethical Standards for Auditors.
to you if, in our opinion:
This report, including the opinions, has been prepared
–
information in the Society Report is: for and only for the members of the Society in accordance
– materially inconsistent with the information in the with the Council of Lloyd’s byelaws made under the
audited financial statements; or Lloyd’s Act 1982 and for no other purpose. We do not,
– apparently materially incorrect based on, or in giving these opinions, accept or assume responsibility
materially inconsistent with, our knowledge of the for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this
Society acquired in the course of performing our report is shown or into whose hands it may come to save
audit; or where expressly agreed by our prior consent in writing.
– otherwise misleading.
–
the statement given by the Council of Lloyd’s on page What an audit of financial statements involves
122 that it considers the Society Report taken as a whole An audit involves obtaining evidence about the amounts
to be fair, balanced and understandable and provides the and disclosures in the financial statements sufficient to
information necessary for members to assess the give reasonable assurance that the financial statements
Society’s performance, business model and strategy is are free from material misstatement, whether caused
materially inconsistent with our knowledge of the by fraud or error. This includes an assessment of:
Society acquired in the course of performing our audit.
– –
the section of the Society Report on page 113 whether the accounting policies are appropriate to the
describing the work of the Audit Committee does not Society’s circumstances and have been consistently
appropriately address matters communicated by us to applied and adequately disclosed;
–
the Audit Committee. the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates
made by the Council of Lloyd’s; and
–
We have no exceptions to report arising from the the overall presentation of the financial statements.
responsibilities described above.
We primarily focus our work in these areas by assessing
Matters on which we have agreed to report
the Council of Lloyd’s judgements against available
evidence, forming our own judgements, and evaluating
Adequacy of information and explanations received the disclosures in the financial statements.
Under the terms of our engagement, we agreed to report
to you if, in our opinion, we have not received all the We test and examine information, using sampling and
information and explanations we require for our audit. other auditing techniques, to the extent we consider
We have no exceptions to report arising from this necessary to provide a reasonable basis for us to draw
responsibility. conclusions. We obtain audit evidence through testing
the effectiveness of controls, substantive procedures or
Report of the Remuneration Committee a combination of both.
Under the terms of our engagement, we agreed to report
to you if, in our opinion, the part of the report of the In addition, we read all the financial and non-financial
Remuneration Committee that has been described as information in the Society Report to identify material
audited has been properly prepared in accordance with inconsistencies with the audited financial statements and
the basis of preparation as described therein. We have to identify any information that is apparently materially
no exceptions to report arising from this responsibility. incorrect based on, or materially inconsistent with, the
knowledge acquired by us in the course of performing
Responsibilities for the financial statements and
the audit. If we become aware of any apparent material
the audit
misstatements or inconsistencies we consider the
implications for our report.
Our responsibilities and those of the Council of Lloyd’s
As explained more fully in the Statement of the Council
of Lloyd’s Responsibilities (set out on page 122), the PricewaterhouseCooper LLP
Council of Lloyd’s is responsible for the preparation of Chartered Accountants
the financial statements and for being satisfied that they London
give a true and fair view. 25 March 2015
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 128
Group Income Statement
For the year ended 31 December 2014
Restated
2014 2013
Note £000 £000
Operating income 219,864 216,521
Central Fund contributions 101,971 105,953
General insurance net premium income 4 7
Other Group income 13,632 3,111
Total income 3B 335,471 325,592
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred 4 (812) (17,758)
Central Fund repayment 3 (48,995) –
Gross insurance claims 13 (13,841) (20,326)
Insurance claims recoverable from reinsurers 13 14,360 20,385
Other Group operating expenses 5 (227,260) (218,885)
Operating surplus 58,923 89,008
Finance costs
Deficit on subordinated debt repurchase 17 (8,929) (15,162)
Other 7 (48,920) (55,642)
Finance income 7 93,523 60,359
Realised/unrealised exchange gains/(losses) on borrowings 6,864 (6,126)
Share of profits of associates 12A 7,577 6,843
Surplus before tax 109,038 79,280
Tax charge 8A (17,543) (13,884)
Surplus for the year 91,495 65,396
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 129
Group Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2014
Restated
2014 2013
Note £000 £000
Surplus for the year 91,495 65,396
Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Remeasurement (losses)/gains on pension asset/liabilities
UK 18 (47,284) 15,004
Overseas 18 (780) 194
Associates 12A (1,192) 354
Tax credit/(charge) relating to items that will not be reclassified 8A 9,713 (9,262)
Currency translation differences 6,202 (994)
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Unrealised losses on revaluation of Lloyd’s Collection 12B – (1)
Tax credit relating to items that may be reclassified 8A – 375
Net other comprehensive (deficit)/income for the year (33,341) 5,670
Total comprehensive income for the year 58,154 71,066
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 130
Group Statement of Financial Position
As at 31 December 2014
Restated Restated
2014 2013 2012
Note £000 £000 £000
Assets
Intangible assets 9 18 40 266
Lloyd’s Collection 12B 12,506 12,506 12,507
Plant and equipment 10 11,737 14,093 20,029
Deferred tax asset 8C 19,178 6,059 8,331
Investment in associates 12A 7,958 7,897 6,422
Insurance contract assets 13 43,944 38,293 25,720
Loans recoverable 14 46,439 43,499 45,138
Financial investments 15 2,972,391 2,792,998 2,842,055
Inventories 280 256 236
Trade and other receivables due within one year 21 52,878 39,695 41,237
Prepayments and accrued income 25,818 32,194 31,323
Derivative financial instruments 22 17,774 48,148 59,586
Cash and cash equivalents 16 261,587 151,274 206,562
Total assets 3,472,508 3,186,952 3,299,412
Equity and liabilities
Equity
Accumulated reserve 23 1,669,736 1,617,784 1,545,723
Revaluation reserve 23 12,506 12,506 12,507
Translation reserve 23 11,075 4,873 5,867
Total equity 1,693,317 1,635,163 1,564,097
Liabilities
Subordinated notes and perpetual subordinated capital securities 17 885,483 720,519 893,328
Insurance contract liabilities 13 43,971 38,840 26,436
Pension liabilities 18 86,045 33,972 45,075
Provisions 19 34,030 40,647 42,080
Loans funding statutory insurance deposits 472,136 518,090 501,846
Trade and other payables 20 184,991 130,750 142,903
Accruals and deferred income 42,393 39,290 38,148
Tax payable 8,681 7,987 16,574
Derivative financial instruments 22 21,461 21,694 28,925
Total liabilities 1,779,191 1,551,789 1,735,315
Total equity and liabilities 3,472,508 3,186,952 3,299,412
Approved and authorised by the Council of Lloyd’s on 25 March 2015 and signed on its behalf by
John Nelson Inga Beale
Chairman Chief Executive Officer
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 131
Group Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2014
Accumulated Revaluation Translation Total
reserve reserve reserve equity
Note £000 £000 £000 £000
At 31 December 2012 (as previously reported) 1,579,806 12,507 – 1,592,313
Impact of restatement (Note 1) (34,083) – 5,867 (28,216)
At 1 January 2013 (as restated) 1,545,723 12,507 5,867 1,564,097
Surplus for the year 65,396 – – 65,396
Net other comprehensive income/(deficit) for the year 6,665 (1) (994) 5,670
At 31 December 2013 (as restated) 1,617,784 12,506 4,873 1,635,163
Surplus for the year 91,495 – – 91,495
Net other comprehensive (deficit)/income for the year (39,543) – 6,202 (33,341)
At 31 December 2014 23 1,669,736 12,506 11,075 1,693,317
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 132
Group Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2014
Restated
2014 2013
Note £000 £000
Cash generated from operations 24 112,063 99,942
Tax paid (20,511) (29,004)
Net cash generated from operating activities 91,552 70,938
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of plant, equipment and intangible assets 9/10 (2,212) (4,552)
Proceeds from the sale of plant, equipment and intangible assets – 14
Purchase of financial investments 15A/B (3,223,986) (3,743,539)
Receipts from the sale of financial investments 15A/B 3,212,570 3,800,551
Increase in short-term deposits 15B (96,998) (46,039)
Dividends received from associates 12A 6,580 5,640
Interest received 51,259 57,220
Dividends received 7 6,828 4,626
Realised (losses)/gains on settlement of forward currency contracts (6,499) 29,782
Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities (52,458) 103,703
Cash flows from financing activities
Repurchase of subordinated notes 17 (328,630) (195,124)
Interest paid on subordinated notes (48,769) (55,991)
Issue of subordinated notes 492,893 –
Other interest paid (5,286) (6,264)
(Decrease)/increase in borrowings for statutory insurance deposits (39,549) 30,125
Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities 70,659 (227,254)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 109,753 (52,613)
Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 560 (2,675)
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 16 151,274 206,562
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December 16 261,587 151,274
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 133
Notes to the Financial Statements
As at 31 December 2014
1. Basis of preparation and consolidation
The application of IFRS 10 has no material impact on the
Group financial statements of the Society.
In 1871, by Lloyd’s Act 1871, the then existing
association of underwriters was incorporated in the (c) Amendments to International Accounting Standard 36
United Kingdom as the Society and Corporation of ‘Impairment of Assets’ (IAS 36) sets out the procedures
Lloyd’s (the ‘Society’). Its activities are accordingly that an entity should follow to ensure that it carries its
governed by statute and, since 1982, have been managed assets at no more than their recoverable amount.
by the Council of Lloyd’s (the ‘Council’) pursuant to Recoverable amount is the higher of the amount to be
Lloyd’s Act 1982. Its principal place of business is at realised through using or selling the asset. Where the
One Lime Street, London EC3M 7HA. carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount, the asset
is impaired and an impairment loss must be recognised.
The Society’s main corporate purposes are to facilitate the
carrying on of insurance business by members of Lloyd’s The amendments impose certain disclosure requirements
and the advancement and protection of their interests in for impairments of assets.
this context. The Group financial statements of the Society
of Lloyd’s comprise the financial statements of the Society The application of amendments to IAS 36 has no impact
of Lloyd’s and all its subsidiary undertakings, the Lloyd’s on the profits reported for the year ended 31 December
Central Fund and the Group’s interest in associates as at 2014 and prior years.
each reporting date. Subsidiary undertakings are
consolidated from the date of their acquisition, being the The Corporation’s policy for measuring balances for
date on which the Society obtains control, and continue insurance contracts issued by overseas subsidiaries is to
to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases. apply the valuation technique used in the issuing entity’s
The financial statements are prepared using consistent local statutory or regulatory reporting. Therefore, for
accounting policies. All intra-Group balances and insurance contracts issued by Lloyd’s Insurance Company
transactions are eliminated in full. (China) Limited (LICCL), balances are calculated in
accordance with People’s Republic of China Generally
The Group financial statements have been prepared Accepted Accounting Principles (PRC GAAP). In
in accordance with International Financial Reporting particular, unearned premium reserves are calculated after
Standards (as adopted by the European Union) and deducting acquisition costs such as commissions, handling
on a historic cost basis, except for financial assets and fees, business taxes, surcharges and regulatory charges
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss and the and outstanding claims reserves include a risk margin.
Lloyd’s Collection, which are measured at fair value.
Loans and receivables and other financial liabilities are During the period ended 31 December 2014, the Society
carried at amortised cost. The Group financial statements also adopted other new amendments and interpretations
are presented in sterling and all values are rounded to the to IFRS that became effective on 1 January 2014 which
nearest thousand (£000). had no material impact on the Group financial statements
of the Society.
On 1 January 2014, the application of the following
standards became compulsory for entities reporting in Following a review of future capital expenditure
the European Union: requirements, the Society has changed its accounting
for contractual capital expenditure under fully repairing
(a) International Accounting Standard 27 ‘Separate leases. Under the previous basis, contractual expenditure
Financial Statements’ (IAS 27) which applies to those was capitalised as plant and equipment and depreciated
entities that elect not to prepare consolidated financial over the estimated useful life of the asset. Under the
statements and instead prepare separate financial revised basis of accounting, contractual capital expenditure
statements as its only financial statements. is provided for over the term of the underlying lease
agreement. The Society believes the new basis provides
The Society prepares consolidated financial statements reliable and more relevant information and in accordance
based on International Financial Reporting Standards with International Accounting Standard 8 ‘Accounting
(IFRS) and so amendments to IAS 27 are not applicable. Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors’,
the change has been made retrospectively and the
(b) The Society adopted the amendments to IFRS 10 comparatives have been restated accordingly. The impact
‘Consolidated Financial Statements’ (IFRS 10) which for the year ended 31 December 2013 is a decrease in
defines the principle of control and establishes control as plant and equipment of £13m, an increase in deferred tax
the basis for determining which entities are consolidated asset of £2m, an increase in provisions of £17m and a
in the consolidated financial statements. This states that decrease in the accumulated reserves of £28m.
an investor controls an investee when it is exposed, or has
rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the
investee and has the ability to afffect those returns
through its power over the investee.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 134
Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
As at 31 December 2014
1. Basis of preparation and consolidation
C. Lloyd’s Collection
continued
Lloyd’s Collection represents various paintings, antiques
and artefacts which are included at fair value. Any
The Society has revised its accounting for foreign revaluation surplus or deficit is recognised in the Group
currency translation of overseas operations from statement of comprehensive income and is reflected in
recognising exchange differences within the group the revaluation reserve within the Group statement of
income statement to recognition within the group changes in equity.
statement of other comprehensive income. The Society
believes the new basis provides reliable and more relevant D. Investment in associates and joint venture
information and in accordance with International An associate is an entity in which the Society has
Accounting Standard 8 ‘Accounting Policies, Changes in significant influence and which is not a subsidiary
Accounting Estimates and Errors’, the change has been undertaking or joint venture. A joint venture is a joint
made retrospectively and the comparatives have been arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control
restated accordingly. This resulted in a reclassification of the arrangement have rights to the net assets of the
from accumulated reserves to a separate translation arrangement. The Society’s investment in associates and
reserve within total equity of £5m for the year ended joint venture are accounted for under the equity method
31 December 2013. of accounting.
The Society is regulated by the PRA and the FCA. Under the equity method, the investment in associates
and joint venture are carried in the Group statement of
2. Principal accounting policies
financial position at cost plus post-acquisition changes in
the Society’s share of net assets of the associate and joint
Critical accounting estimates and assumptions venture. Goodwill relating to an associate is included in
In preparing the financial statements significant estimates the carrying amount of the investment and is not
and judgements are made in respect of some of the items amortised. After application of the equity method, the
reported. The main accounting policies identified Society determines whether it is necessary to recognise
involving such assessments are considered to be: any additional impairment loss with respect to the
Society’s net investment in an associate and joint venture.
–
Central Fund claims and provisions – undertakings The Group income statement reflects its share of the
(see note 2Q and note 19). results of operations of the associates and joint venture.
–
Employee benefits – defined benefit pension scheme The Society’s share of associates’ other comprehensive
(see note 2I and note 18). income is recognised in the Group statement of
–
Insurance contracts – liabilities and reinsurance assets comprehensive income.
(see note 2G and note 13).
–
Loans recoverable – hardship loans (see note 2J and E. Impairment of non-financial assets
note 14). The Society performs annual impairment testing to assess
whether there is an indication that an asset may be
A. Plant and equipment impaired. If any such indication exists an impairment loss
Plant and equipment are held at cost less accumulated is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying
depreciation and any impairment in value. value exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable
amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of
Depreciation is charged on a straight-line basis on the disposal and value in use. Prior impairments of non-
following principal categories: financial assets are reviewed for possible reversal at each
–
Furniture and fittings are depreciated over seven reporting date.
to 25 years according to the estimated useful life of
the asset. F. Financial instruments
–
Computer and specialised equipment are depreciated Financial assets
over three to 15 years according to the estimated Initial recognition
useful life of the asset. Financial assets within the scope of IAS 39 are classified
–
Equipment on hire or lease is depreciated over the as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss or
period of the lease. loans and receivables. The Society determines the
classification of its financial assets at initial recognition.
B. Software development
Costs incurred in acquiring and developing computer Financial assets are recognised initially at fair value plus,
software are capitalised as intangible assets where the in the case of loans and receivables, directly attributable
software supports a significant business system and the transaction costs. A financial asset is classified in this
expenditure leads to the creation of an identifiable asset category if acquired principally for the purpose of selling
of value. Software development is held at cost less in the short term.
accumulated depreciation and any impairment in value.
Capitalised software is amortised over three years.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 135
F. Financial instruments continued (i) Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery loss include derivative financial liabilities which are
of assets within a timeframe established by regulation or classified as held for trading. Gains or losses on
convention in the market place (regular way purchases) liabilities held for trading are recognised in the
are recognised on the settlement date. Group income statement.
The Society’s financial assets include loans recoverable, (ii) Other financial liabilities, which include the
statutory insurance deposits and other investments subordinated loan notes and the subordinated
designated at fair value through profit or loss, trade and perpetual capital securities, are carried at amortised
other receivables, accrued income, cash and cash cost using the effective interest method.
equivalents and derivative assets.
Fair value of financial instruments
Subsequent measurement Financial instruments are categorised for disclosure
The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends purposes into a hierarchy consisting of three levels
on their classification as follows: depending upon the source of input as required by
IFRS 7 ‘Financial Instruments Disclosures’.
(i) Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
include derivative financial assets which are Level 1 – The fair value of financial instruments which
classified as held for trading, and financial assets are actively traded in organised financial markets is
designated upon initial recognition at fair value determined by reference to quoted market bid prices at
through profit or loss. They are carried in the Group the close of business on the reporting date. The quoted
statement of financial position at fair value. Gains market price used for financial assets held by the Society
and losses arising from changes in their fair value is the current bid price; the appropriate quoted market
are included in the Group income statement in the price for financial liabilities is the current offer price.
period in which they arise. When financial assets are
interest-bearing, interest calculated using the Level 2 – The fair value of financial instruments for which
effective interest method is recognised in the Group quoted market prices are not used for valuation purposes are
income statement. derived both directly and indirectly from observable market
conditions. The fair value of forward currency contracts is
(ii) L oans and receivables are non-derivative financial calculated by reference to current forward exchange rates for
assets with fixed or determinable payment that are not contracts with similar maturity profiles. The nominal value
quoted in an active market. They arise when the less estimated credit adjustments of trade receivables and
Society provides money, goods or services directly to payables are assumed to approximate to their fair values.
a debtor with no intention of trading the receivable.
These financial assets are carried at amortised cost Level 3 – The fair value of financial instruments for
using the effective interest method. Gains and losses which there is no observable quoted market price is
are recognised in the Group income statement when determined by a variety of methods incorporating
the loans and receivables are derecognised or assumptions that are based, so far as possible, on market
impaired, as well as through the amortisation process. conditions existing at each reporting date.
Financial liabilities Amortised cost of financial instruments
Initial recognition Amortised cost is computed using the effective interest
Financial liabilities within the scope of IAS 39 are method less any allowance for impairment and principal
classified as financial liabilities at fair value through repayment or reduction. The calculation takes into
profit and loss or other financial liabilities. The Society account any premium or discount on acquisition and
determines the classification of its financial liabilities includes transaction costs and fees that are an integral
at initial recognition. part of the effective interest rate.
Financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value Impairment of financial assets
and in the case of other financial liabilities, directly The Society assesses at each reporting date whether there
attributable transaction costs. The Society’s financial is an indication that an asset may be impaired. If any such
liabilities include trade and other payables, accruals, indication exists, the asset is written down to its
subordinated loan notes and perpetual capital securities recoverable amount.
and derivative liabilities.
Derecognition of financial instruments
Subsequent measurement Investments are derecognised when the right to receive
The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities cash flows from the asset have expired or, in the case of a
depends on their classification as follows: financial liability, when the obligation under the liability
is cancelled or discharged.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 136
Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
As at 31 December 2014
2. Principal accounting policies continued
J. Loans recoverable
Recoverable Central Fund loans made to hardship
G. Insurance contracts (liabilities and reinsurance assets) members are valued on a fair value basis and are
In accordance with IFRS 4 (Insurance contracts), the designated as fair value through profit or loss.
Society applies established UK accounting practices for
insurance contracts, modified as appropriate to comply Any gains and losses arising from changes in the fair
with the IFRS framework and applicable standards. value are included in the Group income statement in the
This includes the application of the Statement of period in which they arise.
Recommended Practice (SORP) on accounting for
insurance business issued by the Association of British Fair values are determined by reference to an estimate of
Insurers in December 2005 (amended December 2006). the valuation of the underlying investments at the dates at
which they may be exercised and discounted back to present
Insurance contracts are defined as those containing day values. A security can normally only be exercised on the
significant insurance risk which arises if, and only if, later date of death of the member or of their spouse. This
an insured event could cause an insurer to pay significant date is assessed using actuarial assumptions.
additional benefits in any scenario, excluding scenarios
that lack commercial substance, at the inception of the K. Taxation
contract. Such contracts remain insurance contracts until Corporation tax on the surplus or deficit for the periods
all rights and obligations are extinguished or expired. presented comprises current and deferred tax.
Corporation and income tax is recognised in the Group
An impairment review is performed on all reinsurance income statement except to the extent that it relates to
assets when an indication of impairment occurs. items recognised directly in the Group statement of
Reinsurance assets are impaired only if there is objective comprehensive income, in which case it is recognised
evidence that the Society may not receive all amounts due in the Group statement of comprehensive income.
to it under the terms of the contract and this can be
measured reliably. Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable
income for the year, using tax rates enacted or
H. Inventories substantially enacted at the reporting date, and any
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.
realisable value on a first in, first out (FIFO) basis.
Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable
ordinary course of business less estimated costs necessary temporary differences and deferred tax assets are recognised
to make the sale. for all deductible temporary differences and unutilised tax
losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits
I. Employee benefits will be available against which the deductible temporary
The Society accounts for pensions and similar benefits differences or tax losses can be utilised.
(principally income protection due to ill-health) under
IAS 19 (Employee Benefits). The Society operates a Deferred tax is measured on an undiscounted basis at the
number of defined benefit pension schemes in which rates that are expected to apply in the periods in which
obligations are measured at discounted present value timing differences reverse, based on tax rates and laws
using the projected unit credit method, while plan assets enacted or substantially enacted at the reporting date.
are recorded at fair value. The operating and financing
income and costs of the scheme are recognised in the L. Subordinated notes and perpetual subordinated
Group income statement. Service costs, financing income capital securities
(expected return on plan assets) and costs are recognised Subordinated debt is initially recognised at fair value,
in the periods in which they arise. Actuarial gains and being the fair value of the consideration received net
losses are recognised in full in the Group statement of of issue costs associated with the borrowing.
comprehensive income in the period in which they occur.
Costs of discretionary awards in respect of past service After initial recognition, the subordinated debt is
are recognised in the Group income statement when subsequently recorded at amortised cost using the
amounts are committed to be paid or there is a effective interest rate over the period to the earliest option
constructive liability to make awards to pensioners. date. Amortised cost is calculated after taking into
account issue costs and issue discount.
Payments to separately administered defined contribution
schemes are charged to the Group income statement as M. Cash and cash equivalents
they fall due. For the purposes of the Group statement of cash flows,
cash comprises cash at banks and demand deposits, and
Short-term bonuses are accrued in the period to which cash equivalents comprise highly liquid investments that
they relate, long-term bonuses are recognised over their are convertible into cash with an insignificant risk of
vesting period. changes in value, with original maturities of less than
three months.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 137
N. Income recognition fixed period, normally one year, and therefore are not
Income, which is stated net of value added tax, comprises deemed to be constructive obligations, except for
the fair value of amounts receivable. Income is recognised renewals of those commitments previously granted.
as follows: For those corporate members in provisional liquidation,
the Council provides a supporting commitment, which
(i) M embers’ subscriptions, market charges and other services will ensure that in no circumstance will an insurance
Members’ subscriptions, market charges and other creditor receive less than the amount it would have
services are recognised in the period for which the received in a winding up commencing on the date of the
service is provided. They are recognised on a basis provisional liquidation. As the supporting undertakings
that reflects the timing, nature and value of the are legally enforceable commitments, an estimate of their
benefits provided. value is included within provisions in the Group financial
statements and changes during the period are reflected in
(ii) C entral Fund contributions the Group income statement.
Central Fund contributions from members
underwriting in the year are recognised in the Recoveries in respect of undertakings previously given
period for which the service is provided. are credited to the Group income statement when
contractually committed to be received.
(iii) Interest income
Interest receivable is recognised in the Group R. Foreign currency and derivative instruments
income statement on a time apportioned basis using Foreign currency translation
the effective interest method. Any unwinding of
discount is recognised as interest income. (i) F unctional and presentation currency
The Group financial statements are presented in
(iv) Dividend income pound sterling, which is the Society’s functional
Dividend income from equity investments is and presentation currency. Items included in the
included in the Group income statement on the financial statements of each of the Society’s entities
ex-dividend date. are measured using the currency of the primary
economic environment in which the entity operates
(v) O ther income (the functional currency).
Other income is recognised when recoverability
is agreed. (ii) T ransactions and balances
Transactions in foreign currencies are recorded at
O. Insurance premiums the exchange rate prevailing on the date of the
Insurance premiums represent premiums on business transaction. At each reporting date, monetary assets
incepting during the year, together with adjustments and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are
for premiums written in previous accounting periods. retranslated at the exchange rate prevailing at the
Premium income is recognised over the period of cover. reporting date. Translation differences on monetary
Premiums written are stated before deduction of items are taken to the Group income statement.
commissions but net of taxes, duties levied on premiums
and other similar deductions. Translation differences on non-monetary items measured
at fair value are reported as part of the fair value gain or
P. Insurance claims loss and included in the Group statement of
Claims incurred in insurance related activities consist comprehensive income.
of claims and claims handling expenses paid during the
year together with the movement in outstanding claims. The results and financial position of overseas Society
Outstanding claims are the estimated final cost of all operations are translated into pound sterling as follows:
claims incurred but not settled at the reporting date,
–
including claims incurred but not reported (IBNR). Assets and liabilities are translated at the closing rate
Outstanding claims are discounted. Subsequent at the date of that statement of financial position.
–
information and events may result in the ultimate liability Income and expenses are translated at the average
being less than, or greater than, the amount provided. exchange rate for the year.
–
Any differences between the provision and subsequent Any resulting exchange differences are recognised in
settlements are reflected within the Group financial the Group statement of comprehensive income.
statements of later years when differences between
provision and subsequent settlement became apparent. The Society enters into forward currency contracts to
manage exposures to fluctuation in foreign exchange
Q. Central Fund claims and provisions rates, and to provide a service to the Lloyd’s market.
Central Fund claims and provisions (undertakings) are Where gains and losses are not expected to be refunded
accounted for when they are approved by the Council and or recovered from the Lloyd’s market, these amounts are
become contractual commitments. These undertakings taken to the Group income statement.
are granted wholly at the discretion of the Council for a
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 138
Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
As at 31 December 2014
2. Principal accounting policies continued
R. Foreign currency and derivative instruments continued
The principal exchange rates were:
2014 2013
US$ 1.56 1.66
Can$ 1.81 1.76
Euro 1.29 1.20
S. Leases
Payments made under operating leases are charged to the Group income statement on a straight-line basis over the
period of the lease. Contractual capital expenditure is provided for over the term of the underlying lease agreement.
T. New standards and interpretations not applied
The International Accounting Standards Board and International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee have
issued the following standards and interpretations relevant to the Society. At the date these financial statements were
approved, the following standards were in issue but not effective:
Effective date
(for accounting periods beginning on or after)
International Accounting Standards
IFRS 15 Revenue from contracts with customers 1 January 2017
IFRS 9 Financial Instruments 1 January 2018
The Council does not consider that the adoption of the above standards will have a material impact on the Society’s
financial statements.
3. Segmental analysis
Segment information is presented in respect of the Society’s business segments. The primary business segments are
based on the Society’s management and internal reporting structure.
Intra-segment pricing is determined on an arm’s length basis.
Segment results, assets and liabilities include items directly attributable to a segment as well as those that can be
allocated on a reasonable basis.
Segment capital expenditure is the total cost incurred during the year to acquire segment assets that are expected to be
used for more than one period.
Segment information in respect of geographical location is not presented. The Society’s main source of income is from
the Lloyd’s market based primarily in the UK, which includes the recovery of costs in respect of overseas operations.
The recovery of overseas operating costs is collected in the UK from the Lloyd’s market.
The Society’s primary business segments are as follows:
(a) Corporation of Lloyd’s: the main corporate purposes are to facilitate the carrying on of insurance business by
members of Lloyd’s and the advancement and protection of their interests in this context. The activities of
authorised insurance company subsidiary undertakings are included within this business segment. All prior year
comparatives have also been restated.
(b) L loyd’s Central Fund: these funds comprising the New Central Fund and Old Central Fund are assets of the
Society and are held and administered at the discretion of the Council, primarily as funds available for the
protection of the policyholders. Unless the approval of members is obtained, the New Central Fund may not be
used for the purposes of extinguishing or reducing liabilities which have been reinsured by Equitas.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 139
3. Segmental analysis continued
2014 2014 2014
Corporation Lloyd’s Society
of Lloyd’s Central Fund total
A. Information by business segment Note £000 £000 £000
Segment income
Total income 3B 220,725 114,746 335,471
Segment operating expenses
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred 4 – (812) (812)
Central Fund repayment – (48,995) (48,995)
Gross claims incurred (13,841) – (13,841)
Insurance claims recoverable from reinsurers 14,360 – 14,360
Other Group operating expenses:
Employment (including pension costs) 6 (108,309) – (108,309)
Premises (42,226) – (42,226)
Legal and professional 5 (19,711) (1,023) (20,734)
Systems and communications (23,563) – (23,563)
Other (24,276) (8,152) (32,428)
Total other Group operating expenses (218,085) (9,175) (227,260)
Total segment operating expenses (217,566) (58,982) (276,548)
Total segment operating surplus 3,159 55,764 58,923
Finance costs
Deficit on subordinated debt repurchase 17 – (8,929) (8,929)
Other 7 (22) (48,898) (48,920)
Finance income 7 2,859 90,664 93,523
Realised/unrealised exchange gains on borrowings – 6,864 6,864
Share of profits of associates 12A 7,577 – 7,577
Segment surplus before tax 13,573 95,465 109,038
Tax charge (17,543)
Surplus for the year 91,495
Segment assets and liabilities
Investment in associates 7,958 – 7,958
Other assets 883,684 2,561,688 3,445,372
Segment assets 891,642 2,561,688 3,453,330
Tax assets 19,178
Total assets 3,472,508
Segment liabilities (807,904) (962,606) (1,770,510)
Tax liabilities (8,681)
Total liabilities (1,779,191)
Other segment information
Capital expenditure 9/10 2,212 – 2,212
Depreciation 10 4,244 – 4,244
Amortisation of intangible assets 9 121 – 121
Impairment of long-term assets 10 – – –
Average number of UK employees (permanent and contract) 753 – 753
Average number of overseas employees (permanent and contract) 166 – 166
Average number of total employees (permanent and contract) 919 – 919
Average staff numbers shown above are on a full-time equivalent basis.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 140
Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
As at 31 December 2014
3. Segmental analysis continued
Restated Restated Restated
2013 2013 2013
Corporation Lloyd’s Society
of Lloyd’s Central Fund total
A. Information by business segment continued Note £000 £000 £000
Segment income
Total income 3B 217,231 108,361 325,592
Segment operating expenses
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred 4 – (17,758) (17,758)
Gross claims incurred (20,326) – (20,326)
Insurance claims recoverable from reinsurers 20,385 – 20,385
Other Group operating expenses:
Employment (including pension costs) 6 (102,487) – (102,487)
Premises (46,099) – (46,099)
Legal and professional 5 (16,316) (686) (17,002)
Systems and communications (23,353) – (23,353)
Other (23,202) (6,742) (29,944)
Total other Group operating expenses (211,457) (7,428) (218,885)
Total segment operating expenses (211,398) (25,186) (236,584)
Total segment operating surplus 5,833 83,175 89,008
Finance costs
Deficit on subordinated debt repurchase 17 – (15,162) (15,162)
Other 7 (50) (55,592) (55,642)
Finance Income 7 1,582 58,777 60,359
Realised/unrealised exchange losses on borrowings – (6,126) (6,126)
Share of profits of associates 12A 6,843 – 6,843
Segment surplus before tax 14,208 65,072 79,280
Tax charge (13,884)
Surplus for the year 65,396
Segment assets and liabilities
Investment in associates 7,897 – 7,897
Other assets 876,652 2,296,344 3,172,996
Segment assets 884,549 2,296,344 3,180,893
Tax assets 6,059
Total assets 3,186,952
Segment liabilities (770,637) (773,165) (1,543,802)
Tax liabilities (7,987)
Total liabilities (1,551,789)
Other segment information
Capital expenditure 9/10 4,552 – 4,552
Depreciation 10 4,221 – 4,221
Amortisation of intangible assets 9 358 – 358
Impairment of long-term assets 10 5,279 – 5,279
Average number of UK employees (permanent and contract) 709 – 709
Average number of overseas employees (permanent and contract) 158 – 158
Average number of total employees (permanent and contract) 867 – 867
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 141
3. Segmental analysis continued
Corporation of Lloyd’s Lloyd’s Central Fund Society total
2014 2013 2014 2013 2014 2013
B. Income £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Market charges
Managing agents and syndicates 95,500 89,094 – – 95,500 89,094
Members and members’ agents 11,056 10,814 – – 11,056 10,814
Total market charges 106,556 99,908 – – 106,556 99,908
Members’ subscriptions 98,820 103,203 – – 98,820 103,203
Other charges 14,488 13,410 – – 14,488 13,410
Total operating income 219,864 216,521 – – 219,864 216,521
Central Fund contributions – – 101,971 105,953 101,971 105,953
General insurance net premium income 4 7 – – 4 7
Other Group income 857 703 12,775 2,408 13,632 3,111
Total income 220,725 217,231 114,746 108,361 335,471 325,592
During the year, members paid to the Corporation of Lloyd’s (members’ subscriptions) and to the Central Fund
(Central Fund contributions from members) at 0.5% of their syndicate forecast written premium (2013: 0.5%).
Central Fund contributions in the first three years of membership are charged at 2% of syndicate forecast written
premium. The ultimate amounts to be retained by the Corporation of Lloyd’s and the Central Fund for 2014 will be
based on actual 2014 written premiums, of members, the quantification of which will not be known until 2016. The
£102m (Central Fund contribution from members) and £99m (members’ subscriptions) included in the Group income
statement are based on the present best estimates of the ultimate amounts that will be retained by the Central Fund and
the Corporation of Lloyd’s respectively.
On 24 September 2014, the Council approved the repayment of 0.25% of premiums written arising from 2012 Year of
Account Central Fund contributions, which amounted to £49m.
Other Group income includes foreign exchange gains, market settlement recoveries which represent continuing debt
recoveries from the 1996 ‘Reconstruction and Renewal’ settlement and recoveries in respect of undertakings given by
the Central Fund.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 142
Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
4. Central Fund claims and provisions incurred
2014 2013
Note £000 £000
Net undertakings granted 19 (800) (17,758)
Claims payable in respect of individual members (12) –
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred (812) (17,758)
The Council has given undertakings with financial limits to certain corporate members to use the New Central Fund to
discharge the liability of those members where they have unpaid cash calls and do not have the resources to meet those
cash calls. The purpose of these undertakings is primarily to allow valid claims made on policies underwritten by those
insolvent members to continue to be paid in full. Undertakings are accounted for when they are approved by the Council
and become contractual commitments. These undertakings are granted wholly at the discretion of the Council
principally on an annual basis and therefore are not deemed constructive obligations (see note 19). Unutilised
undertakings as at 31 December 2014 were £6m; the undertakings have been replaced by further annual undertakings
given on 25 March 2015 that total £6m, a net increase of £nil. No provision has been included in these financial
statements in respect of these further undertakings.
For those corporate members in provisional liquidation, the Council has also provided supporting commitments,
which will ensure that in no circumstance will an insurance creditor receive less than the amount it would have received
in a winding up commencing on the date of the provisional liquidation.
As the supporting undertakings are legally enforceable commitments, an estimate of their value, if applicable, has been
included within provisions in the Group financial statements and changes during the year are reflected in the Group
income statement, as shown in the table above.
5. Other Group operating expenses
2014 2014
Corporation Lloyd’s 2014
of Lloyd’s Central Fund Total
Note £000 £000 £000
Other Group operating expenses include:
Employment costs 6 108,309 – 108,309
Operating lease costs – Lloyd’s 1986 building 18,491 – 18,491
Operating lease costs – other 7,414 – 7,414
Professional fees, including legal fees and related costs 17,734 741 18,475
Audit 409 183 592
Other services pursuant to legislation payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 414 – 414
Actuarial services payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 85 – 85
Tax services payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 120 – 120
Information Technology (other) payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 22 – 22
Other services payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 927 99 1,026
Total legal and professional fees 19,711 1,023 20,734
Charitable donations 433 – 433
Other services pursuant to legislation payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP includes work undertaken on the
Aggregate Accounts, pro forma financial statements and regulatory returns.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 143
5. Other Group operating expenses continued
Restated
2013 2013 Restated
Corporation Lloyd’s 2013
of Lloyd’s Central Fund Total
Note £000 £000 £000
Other Group operating expenses include:
Employment costs 6 102,487 – 102,487
Operating lease cost – Lloyd’s 1986 building 18,491 – 18,491
Operating lease cost – other 8,903 – 8,903
Professional fees, including legal fees and related costs 14,975 503 15,478
Audit 351 183 534
Other services pursuant to legislation payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 379 – 379
Actuarial services payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 84 – 84
Tax services payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 129 – 129
Information Technology (other) payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 25 – 25
Other services payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 373 – 373
Total legal and professional fees 16,316 686 17,002
Charitable donations 1,132 – 1,132
The 2013 comparatives have been restated to reflect the impact on operating lease costs of the change in accounting for
contractual capital expenditure and dilapidation cost under fully repairing lease. Further explanation and details of the
impact of the restatement are disclosed in Note 1.
6. Employment
2014 2013
Note £000 £000
Salaries and wages (including performance-related bonus) 66,290 62,311
Lloyd’s Performance Plan (excluding social security costs – note 19) 7,579 8,327
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme costs 18 9,274 8,885
Other pension costs 1,745 1,270
Social security costs 6,935 6,706
Severance costs 231 474
Contract and agency staff 5,459 4,759
Other employment costs 10,796 9,755
108,309 102,487
The emoluments of the Chairman, CEO, members of the Council and Franchise Board are included in the report of the
Remuneration Committee on page 105.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 144
Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
As at 31 December 2014
7. Finance
2014 2014
Corporation Lloyd’s 2014
of Lloyd’s Central Fund Total
Note £000 £000 £000
Finance costs
Interest payable on financial liabilities measured at amortised cost – (50,262) (50,262)
Other interest payable and similar charges (22) – (22)
Amortisation of issue costs and discount – 1,364 1,364
Total interest payable on financial liabilities 3A (22) (48,898) (48,920)
Finance income
Bank interest received 2,027 3,289 5,316
Dividends received – 6,828 6,828
Other returns on investments designated at fair value through profit or loss 987 83,682 84,669
Unrealised fair value movement of forward contracts held for trading (155) (1,979) (2,134)
Realised fair value movement of forward contracts held for trading – (6,499) (6,499)
Increase in valuation of loans recoverable designated
at fair value through profit or loss – 5,343 5,343
Total finance income 3A 2,859 90,664 93,523
2013 2013
Corporation Lloyd’s 2013
of Lloyd’s Central Fund Total
Note £000 £000 £000
Finance costs
Interest payable on financial liabilities measured at amortised cost – (54,565) (54,565)
Other interest payable and similar charges (50) – (50)
Amortisation of issue costs and discount – (1,027) (1,027)
Total interest payable on financial liabilities 3A (50) (55,592) (55,642)
Finance income
Bank interest received 821 410 1,231
Dividends received – 4,626 4,626
Other returns on investments designated at fair value through profit or loss 524 (6,874) (6,350)
Unrealised fair value movement of forward contracts held for trading 237 28,683 28,920
Realised fair value movement of forward contracts held for trading – 29,782 29,782
Increase in valuation of loans recoverable designated
at fair value through profit or loss – 2,150 2,150
Total finance income 3A 1,582 58,777 60,359
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 145
8. Taxation
A. Tax analysis of charge in the year
Restated
2014 2013
Note £000 £000
Current tax:
Corporation tax based on profits for the year at 21.5% (2013: 23.25%) (21,117) (22,023)
Adjustments in respect of previous years 812 2,313
Foreign tax suffered (900) (708)
Total current tax (21,205) (20,418)
Deferred tax:
Origination and reversal of timing differences
Current year 3,268 7,541
Prior year 394 (1,007)
Tax charge recognised in the Group income statement 8B (17,543) (13,884)
Analysis of tax charge recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income:
Deferred tax:
Unrealised gain on revaluation of Lloyd’s Collection – 375
Tax credit/(charge) on actuarial loss on pension liabilities:
Group 9,457 (9,180)
Associates 256 (82)
Tax credit/(charge) recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income 9,713 (8,887)
Total tax charge (7,830) (22,771)
B. Reconciliation of effective tax rate
Restated Restated
2014 2014 2013 2013
Note % £000 % £000
Surplus on ordinary activities before tax 109,038 79,280
Corporation tax at 21.5% (2013: 23.25%) 21.50% (23,443) 23.25% (18,433)
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes 0.31% (334) 3.88% (3,073)
Expenses allowable for tax – – – –
Utilisation of tax credits (0.33%) 358 (0.09%) 74
Overseas tax 0.82% (900) 0.41% (325)
Other (1.37%) 1,498 (0.56%) 443
Share of profits of associates (1.49%) 1,629 (2.01%) 1,591
Deferred tax adjustment relating to the Lloyd’s Collection (2.47%) 2,688 – –
Deferred tax adjustment relating to change in tax rate 0.25% (274) (5.72%) 4,533
Deferred tax prior year adjustments (0.39%) 423 1.27% (1,007)
Adjustments in respect of previous years (0.74%) 812 (2.92%) 2,313
Tax charge 8A 16.09% (17,543) 17.51% (13,884)
C. Deferred tax
Restated 2014
2014 2014 Balance
Balance at Income 2014 at 31
1 January statement Equity December
£000 £000 £000 £000
Plant and equipment 4,541 479 – 5,020
Loans recoverable (1,721) 861 – (860)
Financial investments (3,417) (1,168) – (4,585)
Pension liabilities 6,485 803 9,457 16,745
Other employee benefits 2,538 54 – 2,592
Other items (2,367) 2,633 – 266
6,059 3,662 9,457 19,178
In 2014 there were no unrecognised deductible temporary differences (2013: nil).
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 146
Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
As at 31 December 2014
8. Taxation continued
C. Deferred tax continued
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rate that will apply to the period when an asset is expected
to be realised or a liability is expected to be settled. The applicable rate is that which has been enacted or substantively
enacted by the balance sheet date.
The deferred tax asset is based on a corporation tax rate of 20% (2013: 20%). This rate takes effect from 1 April 2015
and was also used in the prior years as the rate at which timing differences were expected to reverse.
Restated
Restated Restated 2013
2013 2013 Balance
Balance at Income 2013 at 31
1 January statement Equity December
£000 £000 £000 £000
Plant and equipment 5,484 (943) – 4,541
Loans recoverable (2,968) 1,247 – (1,721)
Financial investments (3,978) 561 – (3,417)
Pension liabilities 9,945 5,720 (9,180) 6,485
Other employee benefits 2,727 (189) – 2,538
Other items (2,879) 137 375 (2,367)
8,331 6,533 (8,805) 6,059
The 2013 comparatives have been restated to reflect the tax impact following the change in accounting for contractual
capital expenditure and dilapidation cost under fully repairing lease, and tax impact due to revised accounting for
foreign currency translation of overseas operations.
9. Intangible assets – software development
£000
Cost:
At 1 January 2013 4,819
Additions 202
Disposals (187)
At 31 December 2013 4,834
Additions 102
Disposals (202)
At 31 December 2014 4,734
Amortisation:
At 1 January 2013 4,553
Charge for the year 358
Disposals (117)
At 31 December 2013 4,794
Charge for the year 121
Disposals (199)
At 31 December 2014 4,716
Net book value at 31 December 2014 18
Net book value at 31 December 2013 40
Impairment losses
As part of an assessment of the carrying value of assets, none of the intangible assets were written off in 2014 and 2013.
The amortisation charge is included within other Group operating expenses.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 147
10. Plant and equipment
Computer and
Furniture specialised
and fittings equipment Other Total
£000 £000 £000 £000
Cost:
At 1 January 2013 as restated 20,203 18,797 71 39,071
Additions 2,497 1,827 26 4,350
Disposals (2,411) (1,496) (7) (3,914)
At 31 December 2013 as restated 20,289 19,128 90 39,507
Additions 448 1,657 5 2,110
Transfer 601 (601) – –
Disposals (936) (1,597) (2) (2,535)
At 31 December 2014 20,402 18,587 93 39,082
Depreciation and impairment:
At 1 January 2013 as restated 7,451 11,574 17 19,042
Depreciation charge for the year 1,562 2,641 18 4,221
Impairment losses 5,233 46 – 5,279
Disposals (1,680) (1,447) (1) (3,128)
At 31 December 2013 as restated 12,566 12,814 34 25,414
Depreciation charge for the year 1,783 2,438 23 4,244
Disposals (725) (1,587) (1) (2,313)
At 31 December 2014 13,624 13,665 56 27,345
Net book value at 31 December 2014 6,778 4,922 37 11,737
Net book value at 31 December 2013 as restated 7,723 6,314 56 14,093
The 2013 comparatives have been restated following a change in accounting for contractual capital expenditure and
dilapidation cost under fully repairing leases. Further explanation and details of the impact of the restatement are
disclosed in Note 1.
Impairment losses
Impairment reviews are undertaken annually in which assets within plant and equipment have their recoverable
amounts reassessed. As part of this assessment of the carrying value of assets, £nil was written off in 2014
(2013: £5,279,000). The charge is included within other Group operating expenses.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 148
Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
As at 31 December 2014
11. Investments in subsidiary undertakings and associates
Entity Nature of business Proportion of equity capital held
Principal subsidiary undertakings
Additional Securities Limited Provision of deposits overseas on behalf of 100%
Lloyd’s underwriters to comply with local
insurance regulations
Centrewrite Limited Authorised UK insurance company 100%
Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Authorised insurance company in China 100%
Limited (incorporated in 2007 with a share capital of
Rmb 1,000,000,000)
Associates and Joint Venture
Ins-sure Holdings Limited Provision of premiums and claims accounting 25%
and settlement, policy production and ancillary
insurance services principally to the London
insurance market
Xchanging Claims Services Limited Provision of claims and recoveries services 50%
The Message Exchange Limited Provision of messaging infrastructure to the Limited by Guarantee 25%
London insurance market
The issued share capital of Ins-sure Holdings Limited is £4,000. There are three classes of shares. The Society holds
1,000,000 B shares of 0.1p each that have the right to participate in 25% of any profits available for distribution.
The issued share capital of Xchanging Claims Services Limited is £4,001. There are three classes of shares. The Society
holds 1,000 A shares of £1 each and 2,001 C shares of £1 each. The A and C shares have the following rights with
respect to dividends:
(a) The C shares carry a right to a fixed cumulative preference dividend of 5% calculated on the nominal capital and
a variable participating dividend calculated by reference to trading profits.
(b) The A shares participate in 50% of any profits available for distribution after taking account of the dividend rights
outlined above.
The Society entered into a joint venture agreement with International Underwriting Association; London and
International Brokers’ Association; and Lloyd’s Market Association for an equal participation in The Message Exchange
Limited (TMEL) which was incorporated on 27 August 2010.
TMEL operates The Exchange – a simple messaging hub provided to the London insurance market to support its
efforts to extend the use of electronic processing of business. As at 31 December 2014, the net assets of TMEL have
no material impact on the Society accounts.
Restrictions
Lloyd’s operates in over 200 territories around the world and uses a number of different operating models depending
upon local regulatory requirements. Different countries operate different regulatory regimes and in some cases, these
may place certain restrictions on the use of capital and assets which are held within those countries, including capital
of Rmb 1,000,000,000 (2013: Rmb 220,000,000) within Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited. Lloyd’s
proactively manages its international asset base to ensure that any such restrictions have a minimal impact upon the
utilisation of capital and investments or upon the operations of the Corporation.
Risks
In addition to the risks which are set out in the Financial Risk Management section on pages 120-121, the Corporation’s
subsidiary Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited (LICCL) is also subject to the following risks:
–
Credit risk: there is a risk that a syndicate may be unable to fulfill its reinsurance obligations, in which case LICCL
could potentially be exposed to a loss;
–
Regulatory risk: as an overseas underwriting company, LICCL is subject to the requirements of the local regulator
and could be subject to penalties if these regulations are not satisfied;
–
Management do not consider that LICCL is subject to insurance risk due to the fact that all business is 100% reinsured.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 149
12. Investments
A. Investments in associates and joint venture
2014 2013
£000 £000
At 1 January 7,897 6,422
Share of operating profits 9,603 8,888
Share of interest income 60 112
Share of tax on profit on ordinary activities (2,086) (2,157)
Total share of profits of associates 7,577 6,843
Share of actuarial (loss)/gain on pension liability (1,192) 354
Share of tax on items taken directly to equity 256 (82)
Dividends received (6,580) (5,640)
At 31 December 7,958 7,897
Summary of financial information for associates - 100%:
Summarised statement of financial position
Ins-sure Holdings Xchanging Claims The Message Exchange
Limited Services Limited Limited
As at 31 December As at 31 December As at 31 December
2014 2013 2014 2013 2014 2013
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Current assets
Debtors 16,671 15,341 4,992 5,373 44 193
Prepayments and accrued income – – – – 69 89
Cash at bank and in hand 19,482 16,053 9,051 12,897 62 –
Total current assets 36,153 31,394 14,043 18,270 175 282
Non-current assets
Tangible fixed assets 9,831 7,545 816 930 – –
Total non-current assets 9,831 7,545 816 930 – –
Current liabilities
Creditors falling due within one year (21,639) (18,009) (9,003) (13,425) (175) (282)
Provision for liabilities – (159) – – – –
Total current liabilities (21,639) (18,168) (9,003) (13,425) (175) (282)
Non-current liabilities
Creditors falling due after more than one year – – (24) (43) – –
Pension liability (3,398) (329) (386) (156) – –
Total non-current liabilities (3,398) (329) (410) (199) – –
Net assets 20,947 20,442 5,446 5,576 – –
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 150
Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
As at 31 December 2014
A. Investments in associates and joint venture continued
Summarised statement of comprehensive income
Ins-sure Holdings Xchanging Claims The Message Exchange
Limited Services Limited Limited
For the period ended For the period ended For the period ended
31 December 31 December 31 December
2014 2013 2014 2013 2014 2013
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Revenues 91,265 88,321 39,171 41,985 1,403 1,257
Operating costs (63,897) (64,798) (32,682) (35,096) (1,403) (1,257)
Operating profit 27,368 23,523 6,489 6,889 – –
Interest receivable and similar income 328 5 9 113 – –
Interest payable and similar charges (45) – (33) (93) – –
Other finance income – 401 – – – –
Profit on ordinary activities before taxation 27,651 23,929 6,465 6,909 – –
Tax on profit on ordinary activities (6,108) (5,860) (1,437) (1,737) – –
Profit for the financial year 21,543 18,069 5,028 5,172 – –
Other comprehensive income (3,426) 1,518 (160) (216) – –
Total comprehensive income 18,117 19,587 4,868 4,956 – –
B. Lloyd’s Collection
The Lloyd’s Collection represents various paintings, antiques and artefacts. The collection was valued at £12.5m by
Gurr Johns Limited, valuers and fine art consultants in November 2012, on the basis of open market auction value
assuming all items are not sold at the same time taking into account the nature, age, condition and quality of each
chattel. This resulted in a revaluation gain of £0.5m in 2012. In 2014 and 2013, it has been assessed that there is no
change in valuation.
13. Insurance activities
For insurance contracts, claims provisions (comprising provisions for claims reported by policyholders and claims
incurred but not reported) are established to cover the ultimate cost of settling the liabilities in respect of claims
that have occurred and are estimated based on known facts at the reporting date. Outstanding claims provisions
are discounted for the time value of money.
2014 2013
£000 £000
Insurance claims
Gross claims:
Claims paid (16,982) (11,360)
Change in provisions for claims 3,141 (8,966)
(13,841) (20,326)
Claims recoverable from reinsurers:
Claims recovered from reinsurers 16,981 11,250
Change in reinsurance contract assets (2,621) 9,135
14,360 20,385
Centrewrite Limited
Centrewrite Limited’s principal activities in 2014 were to reinsure individual members of Lloyd’s participations
on syndicates for underwriting years of account which have not been closed and to provide reinsurance to close to
syndicates with no successor syndicate. Centrewrite Limited ceased to offer Lloyd’s Members’ Estate Protection
Plan in 2012.
Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited
Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary undertaking of the Society of Lloyd’s.
The company’s principal activity during 2014 was the reinsurance of non-life business in the China insurance market
and direct non-life insurance in the Shanghai municipality. Lloyd’s syndicates participate in LICCL’s business by
means of retrocession agreements which allow a 100% risk transfer.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 151
13. Insurance activities continued
Insurance contract liabilities for Centrewrite Limited and Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited may be analysed
as follows:
2014 2014 2013 2013
Insurance Reinsurer’s Insurance Reinsurer’s
contract share of 2014 contract share of 2013
liabilities liabilities Net liabilities liabilities Net
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Provision for claims reported 14,838 (14,838) – 16,643 (16,311) 332
Provision for IBNR claims 15,768 (15,741) 27 14,974 (14,759) 215
30,606 (30,579) 27 31,617 (31,070) 547
Unearned premiums 13,365 (13,365) – 7,223 (7,223) –
Insurance contract liabilities 43,971 (43,944) 27 38,840 (38,293) 547
The movement in provision for insurance claims for Centrewrite Limited and Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China)
Limited can be analysed as follows:
2014 2014 2013 2013
Insurance Reinsurer’s Insurance Reinsurer’s
contract share of 2014 contract share of 2013
liabilities liabilities Net liabilities liabilities Net
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
At 1 January 31,617 (31,070) 547 22,603 (21,887) 716
Claims incurred/(released) 13,841 (14,360) (519) 20,326 (20,385) (59)
Claims paid (see below) (16,982) 16,981 (1) (11,360) 11,250 (110)
Effect of exchange rates 2,130 (2,130) – 48 (48) –
At 31 December 30,606 (30,579) 27 31,617 (31,070) 547
Claims incurred consist of claims and claims handling expenses paid during the year, together with the movement in
outstanding claims. Full provision is made, on the basis of available information, for the estimated ultimate cost of
claims notified but not settled as at the date of the statement of financial position, after taking into account handling
costs and settlement trends. A provision for claims incurred but not notified is also established as at that date on a
statistical basis. The provision also reflects claims settlement expenses and anticipated reinsurance and other recoveries.
The provision for outstanding claims is based on information available at the reporting date. Subsequent information
and events may result in the ultimate liability being less than, or greater than, the amount provided. Any differences
between the provision and subsequent settlements are dealt with in the Group income statements of later years.
Claims development table
The table below shows the development of claims over a period of time on a gross basis for Centrewrite Limited and
Lloyd’s Insurance Company (China) Limited. The claims development table shows the cumulative incurred claims,
including both notified and IBNR claims for each successive year, together with cumulative claims at the current
reporting date.
2010 and
prior 2011 2012 2013 2014 Total
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
At end of underwriting year 98,927 21,660 13,194 25,097 17,842
One year later 99,957 24,126 13,776 24,389
Two years later 88,944 20,304 12,402
Three years later 86,909 19,916
Four years later 79,371
Current estimate of cumulative claims 79,371 19,916 12,402 24,389 17,842
Cumulative payments to date (77,859) (18,678) (9,780) (14,188) (2,809)
Insurance contract liabilities 1,512 1,238 2,622 10,201 15,033 30,606
Due to continuing decline of insurance activities for Centrewrite Limited and the fully reinsured liabilities of LICCL,
the Society has not prepared claims development over a period of time on a net basis.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 152
Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
As at 31 December 2014
14. Loans recoverable
2014 2013
£000 £000
At 1 January 43,499 45,138
Recoveries during the year (2,403) (3,789)
Fair value movements recognised during the year 5,343 2,150
At 31 December 46,439 43,499
The Society’s loans recoverable are categorised as fair value Level 3 for disclosure purposes (refer to Note 22). All fair
value movements are recognised as finance income or finance costs in the Group income statement and relate solely to
the revaluation of hardship and LFAA assets.
15. Financial investments
2014 2013
Note £000 £000
Statutory insurance deposits 15A 477,494 527,340
Other investments 15B 2,494,897 2,265,658
2,972,391 2,792,998
A. Statutory insurance deposits
2014 2014 2014
Securities Deposits Total
£000 £000 £000
Market value at 1 January 262,423 264,917 527,340
Additions at cost 874,160 233,244 1,107,404
Disposal proceeds (899,745) (251,594) (1,151,339)
(Deficit)/surplus on the sale and revaluation of investments (11,542) 5,631 (5,911)
Market value at 31 December 225,296 252,198 477,494
2013 2013 2013
Securities Deposits Total
£000 £000 £000
Market value at 1 January 92,640 415,823 508,463
Additions at cost 900,694 49,687 950,381
Disposal proceeds (728,731) (192,397) (921,128)
Deficit on the sale and revaluation of investments (2,180) (8,196) (10,376)
Market value at 31 December 262,423 264,917 527,340
2014 2014 2013 2013
Cost Valuation Cost Valuation
£000 £000 £000 £000
Analysis of government securities at year end: 228,887 225,296 266,178 262,423
Finance is arranged by advances from syndicates in the Lloyd’s market. These advances are renewed annually.
By agreement with the lenders, investment returns earned on these assets are paid, in appropriate proportions,
to the lenders. In this way, the Society avoids any risk arising from a mismatch between borrowing and lending
terms. Book cost is stated at historical exchange rates; market value is quoted at year end exchange rates.
The provision of funds by members in respect of the establishment and maintenance of overseas deposits is
a condition of permission to underwrite insurance business at Lloyd’s.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 153
B. Other investments
2014 2014
Corporation Central 2014
of Lloyd’s Fund Total
£000 £000 £000
Market value at 1 January 108,710 2,156,948 2,265,658
Additions at cost 6,580 2,110,002 2,116,582
Increase in short-term deposits 94,296 2,702 96,998
Disposal proceeds (71,927) (1,989,304) (2,061,231)
(Deficit)/surplus on the sale and revaluation of investments (222) 77,112 76,890
Market value at 31 December 137,437 2,357,460 2,494,897
Analysis of securities at year end:
Listed securities
Fixed interest:
Government – 806,012 806,012
Corporate securities – 679,839 679,839
Emerging markets – 68,859 68,859
High yield – 49,192 49,192
– 1,603,902 1,603,902
Equities:
Global – 451,092 451,092
Emerging markets – 48,311 48,311
– 499,403 499,403
Total listed securities – 2,103,305 2,103,305
Unlisted securities:
Hedge funds – 134,855 134,855
Commodities – – –
Loan investments – 77,080 77,080
Short-term deposits 137,437 22,220 159,657
Security deposits (see below) – 20,000 20,000
Total unlisted securities 137,437 254,155 391,592
Market value 137,437 2,357,460 2,494,897
Analysis of corporate securities:
AAA – 221,693 221,693
AA – 164,461 164,461
A – 247,632 247,632
Other – 46,053 46,053
– 679,839 679,839
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 154
Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
As at 31 December 2014
15. Financial investments continued
B. Other investments continued
2013 2013
Corporation Central 2013
of Lloyd’s Fund Total
£000 £000 £000
Market value at 1 January 86,021 2,247,571 2,333,592
Additions at cost – 2,793,158 2,793,158
Decrease in short-term deposits 35,717 10,322 46,039
Disposal proceeds (11,510) (2,867,913) (2,879,423)
Deficit on the sale and revaluation of investments (1,518) (26,190) (27,708)
Market value at 31 December 108,710 2,156,948 2,265,658
Analysis of securities at year end:
Listed securities
Fixed interest:
Government 56,980 567,323 624,303
Corporate securities 8,589 881,486 890,075
Emerging markets – 70,975 70,975
High yield – 37,269 37,269
65,569 1,557,053 1,622,622
Equities:
Global – 359,402 359,402
Emerging markets – 46,018 46,018
– 405,420 405,420
Total listed securities 65,569 1,962,473 2,028,042
Unlisted securities:
Hedge funds – 119,152 119,152
Commodities – 35,805 35,805
Short-term deposits 43,141 19,518 62,659
Security deposits (see below) – 20,000 20,000
Total unlisted securities 43,141 194,475 237,616
Market value 108,710 2,156,948 2,265,658
Analysis of corporate securities:
AAA 3,637 381,040 384,677
AA 4,647 255,144 259,791
A 305 208,286 208,591
Other – 37,016 37,016
8,589 881,486 890,075
Security deposits
Tutelle Limited
In 1996 the Council set aside, under a Lloyd’s special account, £20m of the ‘Old’ Central Fund to secure the Society’s
obligations under staff indemnities and certain indemnities which have been given by Lloyd’s to certain individuals and
advisers in respect of the ‘Reconstruction and Renewal’ plan. These include members of the Reserve Group, directors
and officers of Equitas, members of the Council, Lloyd’s Regulatory Board, Lloyd’s Market Board (the latter two boards
ceased during 2002) and of their respective sub-committees and Corporation staff.
Unless and until there is any default under the security documentation, interest earned on the trust fund is paid to the
‘Old’ Central Fund. The security was deposited for an initial period of two years and the Council exercised its discretion
to renew this in June 1998. The Council further amended the period of the deposit, in November 1998, so that the
security could only be released if the Council was satisfied that there was no reasonable prospect of a claim being made
under these indemnities. Tutelle’s position is under biennial review and, having been reviewed in July 2014, will be
reviewed again in July 2016. The security may continue for a period of up to 80 years. Any of the funds remaining after
this period will be repaid to the ‘Old’ Central Fund.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 155
16. Cash and cash equivalents
2014 2013
£000 £000
Cash at banks 83,406 63,958
Short-term deposits 178,181 87,316
261,587 151,274
Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short-term deposits are made for varying
periods of between one day and three months, depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Society and earn
interest at the respective short-term deposit rates. The fair value of cash and cash equivalents is £262m (2013: £151m).
17. Subordinated notes and perpetual subordinated capital securities
2014 2013
£000 £000
Details of loans payable wholly or partly after more than five years:
6.875% subordinated notes of £4.5m maturing 17 November 2025 (Sterling 2004 Notes) 4,545 153,241
5.625% subordinated notes redeemed on 17 November 2014 (Euro 2004 Notes) – 177,876
4.750% subordinated notes of £500m maturing 30 October 2024 (Sterling 2014 Notes) 500,000 –
7.421% perpetual subordinated capital securities of £392m redeemable on 21 June 2017 392,013 392,013
896,558 723,130
Less issue costs to be charged in future years (7,160) (2,297)
Less discount on issue to be unwound in future years (3,915) (314)
885,483 720,519
Subordinated notes
The Sterling 2004 Notes mature on 17 November 2025, although the Society may redeem them on
17 November 2015 and 17 November 2020. In the event that the Society does not redeem the Sterling Notes on
17 November 2015, the rate of interest payable will be the rate per annum which is the aggregate of the Gross
Redemption Yield on the relevant Benchmark Gilt (a UK government security having a maturity date on or nearest
to the next reset date) plus a margin of 3.07%.
During 2014, the Society of Lloyd’s repurchased £148,696,000 (2013: £179,962,000) of its 2004 subordinated notes at a
cost of £157,625,000 (2013: £195,124,000). The Society additionally paid accrued interest on the purchased securities.
The loss on the repurchase was £8,929,000 (2013: £15,162,000).
The Euro 2004 Notes were redeemed on 17 November 2014.
The Sterling 2014 Notes issued on 30 October 2014 mature on 30 October 2024 and bear interest at a rate of 4.75% per
annum, payable annually in arrears on 30 October in each year.
The Notes are subordinated obligations of the Society. Each tranche of the Notes will rank pari passu with the other in
a winding-up of the Society. Upon the occurrence of any winding-up proceedings of the Society, payments on the Notes
will be subordinated in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all other liabilities of the Society, except for
liabilities which rank equally with or junior to the Notes. Payments on the Notes will also be subordinated to certain
payments which may be made out of central assets including payments made to discharge the liabilities of an insolvent
member to any person (including any policyholders) arising out of or, in connection with insurance business carried on
at Lloyd’s by that insolvent member and payments made in respect of the costs required by or under any insolvency
procedure to which the Society or the Lloyd’s market may be subject. However, in the event of a winding-up of the
Society, the claims of the holders of the Notes rank senior to the distribution of any central assets to members of Lloyd’s
generally (other than payments made to members in their capacity as senior creditors of the Society).
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 156
Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
As at 31 December 2014
17. Subordinated notes and perpetual subordinated capital securities continued
Subordinated debt issued in 2007
The perpetual subordinated capital securities (‘capital securities’) are perpetual securities and have no fixed redemption
date. However, they are redeemable in whole on 21 June 2017 at the option of the Society or on any interest payment date
thereafter provided certain conditions have been met by the Society. The capital securities bear interest at a rate of 7.421%
per annum until 20 June 2017, payable annually in arrears on 21 June in each year, and thereafter at a rate per annum reset
semi-annually of 2.41% per annum above the London interbank offered rate for six-month sterling deposits, payable
semi-annually in arrears on the interest payment dates falling on 21 June and 21 December in each year.
The capital securities are subordinated obligations of the Society. Upon the occurrence of any winding-up proceedings of
the Society, the claims of the holders of the capital securities will rank junior to all other claims of creditors of the Society
(including any creditor who is the holder of any of the Sterling Notes issued by the Society in 2004) except for those
creditors having claims which rank equally with or junior to the claims of the holders of the capital securities. The claims
of the holders of the capital securities will also rank junior to any payments made to discharge the liabilities of a member
in connection with insurance business carried on at Lloyd’s by that member and also to the claims of any person in respect
of whom a New Central Fund undertaking has been made. However, in the event of a winding-up of the Society, the
claims of the holders of the capital securities rank senior to the distribution of any central assets to members of Lloyd’s
generally (other than payments made to members in their capacity as senior creditors of the Society).
18. Pension schemes
Lloyd’s operates a number of defined benefit and defined contribution pension schemes. The principal scheme is the
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme which is a defined benefit scheme. Other schemes have been established for certain employees
based overseas.
These schemes are generally funded by the payment of contributions to separately administered funds.
Defined benefit and contribution plans
The pension deficits of the schemes at 31 December 2014 are as follows:
2014 2013
£000 £000
Schemes in deficit:
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme (83,723) (32,417)
Overseas pension schemes (2,322) (1,555)
(86,045) (33,972)
The amounts charged to the Group income statement and Group statement of comprehensive income, in respect of
defined benefit plans and defined contribution plans, are as follows:
2014 2013
£000 £000
Group income statement:
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme 9,274 8,885
Overseas pension schemes 1,224 1,180
Other pension contributions 521 90
11,019 10,155
Group statement of comprehensive income:
Lloyd’s Pension Scheme 47,284 (15,004)
Overseas pension schemes 780 (194)
48,064 (15,198)
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 157
The Lloyd’s Pension Scheme
The Lloyd’s Pension Scheme is a defined benefit pension scheme with assets held in a separately administered fund.
The Scheme provides pensions to members on retirement, as well as benefits on the death of members. The Scheme
operates in accordance with the Scheme’s Trust Deed and Rules and relevant legislation. A Board of Trustees manage
and administer the Scheme; they are primarily responsible for ensuring that members are paid the correct benefits at
the correct time, and that there are sufficient Scheme assets to pay benefits as they fall due.
The Scheme was originally set up as a final salary pension scheme (i.e. benefits for employed members were linked to their
latest salary), a normal retirement age of 60 and an enhanced benefit section for senior managers. In recent years, in order
to mitigate exposure to pension scheme liabilities, several changes have been made to the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme.
–
In February 2005, the senior management section of the Scheme was closed to new entrants and the Normal
Retirement Age (NRA) for all new joiners was increased from 60 to 65.
–
The final salary scheme was closed to new joiners at the end of June 2006. New entrants from July 2006 were eligible
to join the Lloyd’s Pension Scheme but accrue benefits on a career average basis (where benefits are based on their
average salary rather than final salary).
–
In April 2013, Lloyd’s made some further changes to its pension arrangements. The career average (i.e. CARE)
section of the scheme was closed to new joiners from April 2013, and to existing hires from June 2013 (existing
employed members of each section continue to accrue benefits). After these dates, employees are eligible to join the
Lloyd’s Group Personal Pension Plan which is administered by Aviva. The amount charged to the Group income
statement in respect of Lloyd’s Group Personal Pension Plan is £0.5m (2013: £0.1m).
Scheme contributions and funding valuation
UK legislation requires the funding position of the Scheme to be assessed at least every three years by an independent
qualified actuary. Contributions are paid to provide for the cost of benefit accrual and to meet any funding deficit.
Any funding deficit or surplus is typically amortised over a period. Contributions are made at the funding rates and
assumptions recommended by the actuary, and agreed between the Trustees and Lloyd’s.
The last completed formal actuarial valuation of the Scheme was carried out by Towers Watson, actuaries and
consultants, as at 30 June 2013 using the projected unit credit method. The total market value of the Scheme’s assets
at the date of the 2013 valuation was £568m, and the total value of accrued liabilities was £559m showing a surplus
of £9m. These figures exclude both liabilities and the related assets in respect of money purchase AVCs.
Employee contributions of 5% of pensionable earnings (or 10% of pensionable earnings for members of the senior
management section) have been introduced from July 2006. Normally, instead of making an employee contribution,
employees make a salary sacrifice of the appropriate percentage of their salary and Lloyd’s makes an additional employer
contribution of the same amount.
Following the 2013 actuarial valuation, employer contributions to meet the cost of future accrual as a percentage of
salaries are 24.8% for final salary members with an NRA of 60, 15.4% for final salary members with an NRA of 65
and 8.8% for members accruing benefits on a career average basis.
Members of the Lloyd’s Group Personal Pension Plan can elect their contribution rate (payable via salary sacrifice)
and can change this at any time.
The contribution structure is:
Employee Lloyd's Total
3% 5% 8%
4% 6% 10%
5% 7% 12%
6% 8% 14%
Lloyd’s contribution is capped at 8% of salary, although individuals can elect a higher amount than 6% should they wish.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 158
Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
As at 31 December 2014
18. Pension schemes continued
Discretionary pension increases – treatment for funding purposes
There are no guaranteed increases in payment for pensions accrued before 6 April 1997. In 2003, Lloyd’s instructed
Towers Watson not to allow for such increases in calculating the Scheme’s liabilities for future actuarial funding
valuations. Such increases have always been payable at the discretion of Lloyd’s and will continue to be considered
on the basis of affordability, but are not taken into account by the actuary in determining the funding level.
Information about the risks of the Scheme to Lloyd’s
The ultimate cost of the Scheme to Lloyd’s will depend upon actual future events rather than the assumptions made.
Many of the assumptions made are unlikely to be borne out in practice and as such the cost of the Scheme may be
higher (or lower) than disclosed. In general, the risk to Lloyd’s is that the assumptions underlying the disclosures, or the
calculation of contribution requirements, are not borne out in practice and the cost to Lloyd’s is higher than expected.
This could result in higher contributions required from Lloyd’s and a higher deficit disclosed. This may also impact
Lloyd’s ability to grant discretionary benefits or other enhancements to members. More specifically, the assumptions not
being borne out in practice could include:
–
The return on the Scheme’s assets being lower than assumed, resulting in an unaffordable increase in the required
contribution from Lloyd’s.
–
Falls in asset values (particularly equities) not being matched by similar falls in the value of liabilities.
–
A decrease in corporate bond yields will increase the Scheme’s liabilities, although this will be partially offset by
an increase in the value of the Scheme’s bond assets.
–
The majority of the Scheme’s assets are linked to inflation, and higher inflation will lead to higher liabilities.
–
Unanticipated future changes in mortality patterns leading to an increase in the life expectancy for members,
resulting in higher liabilities. Future mortality rates cannot be predicted with certainty.
The Scheme’s investment strategy
The Scheme’s current target investment strategy is to invest broadly 50% in return-seeking assets (equities, property and
infrastructure) and 50% in matching assets (index-linked gilts and corporate bonds). This strategy reflects the Scheme’s
liability profile and the Trustees’ and Lloyd’s attitude to risk. As the Scheme matures, the Trustees and Lloyd’s expect to
gradually reduce the proportion allocated to return-seeking assets and increase the proportion allocated to matching assets.
The current allocation is around 60% return-seeking assets and 40% bonds. The Trustees are aiming to move 10% of the
assets into bonds to better match the funding liabilities in the future.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 159
Principal actuarial assumptions in respect of IAS 19
The demographic assumptions which are the most financially significant are those relating to the life expectancy of
retired members. The life expectancy assumptions for the purposes of the IAS 19 valuation as at 31 December 2014
are as applied in the actuarial funding valuation as at 30 June 2013. These are 110% of SAPs light tables for males
and females, with allowance for future improvements in line with CMI 2012 core projections with 1.5% per annum
trend improvement.
These assumptions are equivalent to expected longevity at age 60 approximately as follows:
–
For pensioners currently aged 60: ranging from 29 years to 30 years (2013: 29 years to 30 years).
–
For non-pensioners currently aged 45: ranging from 30 years to 32 years (2013: 30 years to 32 years).
The other major financial assumptions used by the actuary as at 31 December 2014 for the purposes of IAS 19 were:
2014 2013 2012 2011 2010
% per annum % per annum % per annum % per annum % per annum
General salary and wage inflation 4.1% 4.4% 4.0% 4.1% 4.5%
Rate of increase in pensions in payment
Pre 6 April 1997 (in excess of GMPs) – – – – –
6 April 1997 to 5 April 2005 3.0% 3.2% 3.0% 3.1% 3.5%
Post 5 April 2005 2.2% 2.3% 2.5% 2.5% 2.5%
Increases to final salary deferred pensions:
Benefits accrued before April 2009 2.1% 2.4% 2.2% 2.1% 3.0%
Benefits accrued from April 2009 2.1% 2.4% 2.2% 2.1% 2.5%
CARE revaluation in service and in deferment,
and increase in payment 2.2% 2.3% 2.2% 2.1% 2.5%
Discount rate 3.7% 4.4% 4.5% 4.9% 5.5%
Price inflation – Retail Price Inflation (RPI) 3.1% 3.4% 3.0% 3.1% 3.5%
– Consumer Price Inflation (CPI) 2.1% 2.4% 2.2% 2.1% 3.0%
An allowance is made for members commuting 20% (2013: 20%) of their pension on retirement using the factors in
use at the respective date.
For IAS 19 purposes, Lloyd’s recognises the cost of discretionary increases to pre 6 April 1997 benefits in payment
when there is a constructive liability to make such increases. Lloyd’s provided £10.0m in 2007 and a further £20.0m
in 2011 to meet the expected cost of future discretionary increases. This amount has been notionally segregated from
the Scheme’s other assets (the ‘notional fund’) and its investment performance will be tracked on the assumption that
it is invested in the same way as the Scheme’s other assets. The notional fund will be used to facilitate the award of
future discretionary pension increases when Lloyd’s carries out its annual review of pensions in accordance with the
Scheme’s Definitive Trust Deed. As long as there is a notional fund set aside for this purpose, discretionary increases
will continue to be made. As at 31 December 2014 the value of the notional fund was £28.9m (2013: £31.0m).
Sensitivity of pension obligation to changes in assumptions
The actuarial valuation of liabilities under IAS 19 is particularly sensitive to changes in market conditions.
A change of 1% per annum in the discount rate as at 31 December 2014 would result in a change to the pension
liabilities at that date of around 20%, or approximately £150m.
A change of 1% per annum in the assumption for future inflation (both RPI and CPI) as at 31 December 2014,
which would change future expectations of salary increases, pension increases and deferred revaluation, would result
in a change to the pension liabilities at that date of around 10%, or approximately £75m.
A change in the mortality assumptions could have a significant impact on the pension liability. For instance, if members
aged 65 were instead expected to live for one year longer, with all other members’ life expectancies increasing by a
proportionate amount, then the liability as at 31 December 2014 would be 2% higher.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 160
Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
As at 31 December 2014
18. Pension schemes continued
Amounts for the current and previous years were:
2014 2013 2012 2011 2010
Fair value Fair value Fair value Fair value Fair value
Asset/(liability) analysis of the Scheme £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Bonds
Corporate bonds 131,291 89,233 93,573 87,700 79,963
Index-linked gilts 127,716 88,038 90,948 93,593 81,843
Equities
UK equities 57,501 67,997 56,459 52,014 55,673
Overseas (excluding UK) equities 254,531 287,648 234,198 199,884 218,731
Property 76,661 65,088 61,277 57,911 24,993
Infrastructure 12,090 9,850 8,748 8,644 8,504
Cash and net current assets 19,803 25,633 32,184 38,727 46,249
Total market value of assets 679,593 633,487 577,387 538,473 515,956
Actuarial value of Scheme liabilities (763,316) (665,904) (620,621) (562,152) (490,043)
(Deficit)/surplus in the Scheme (83,723) (32,417) (43,234) (23,679) 25,913
Irrecoverable surplus (effect of asset ceiling) – – – – –
Net defined benefit (liability)/asset (83,723) (32,417) (43,234) (23,679) 25,913
All of the Scheme’s assets are quoted in an active market. The Scheme is not currently invested in any of Lloyd’s assets.
Approximately 97% of the Scheme’s liabilities relate to final salary members and 3% relates to CARE members.
Changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligations are:
2014 2013
£000 £000
Actuarial value of Scheme liabilities at 1 January 665,904 620,621
Interest cost on Pension Scheme liabilities 28,849 27,470
Current service cost (net of employee contributions) 8,013 7,102
Employee contributions 2,258 2,527
Benefits paid (21,574) (21,250)
Experience losses arising in Scheme liabilities 767 8,432
Change in assumptions underlying the present value of the Scheme liabilities
Demographic assumption change – (1,225)
Financial assumption change 79,099 22,227
Actuarial value of Scheme liabilities at 31 December 763,316 665,904
Changes in fair value of plan assets were:
2014 2013
£000 £000
Fair value of Scheme assets at 1 January 633,487 577,387
Expected return on Pension Scheme assets 27,588 25,687
Employer contributions
Normal 5,252 4,698
Special – –
Employee contributions 2,258 2,527
Benefits paid (20,504) (20,360)
Actuarial gain on Scheme assets 32,582 44,438
Administrative expenses (1,070) (890)
Fair value of Scheme assets at 31 December 679,593 633,487
Lloyd’s expects to contribute approximately £5.2m in normal contributions to the pension scheme in 2015.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 161
Analysis of the amount recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income
2014 2013
£000 £000
Experience losses arising on Scheme liabilities (767) (8,432)
Changes in the assumptions underlying the present value of the Scheme liabilities
Demographic assumption change – 1,225
Financial assumption change (79,099) (22,227)
Actuarial loss arising during period (79,866) (29,434)
Return on Fund assets greater than discount rate 32,582 44,438
Change in irrecoverable surplus – –
Remeasurement effects recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income (47,284) 15,004
Analysis of the amount charged to the Group income statement (recognised in other Group operating expenses)
2014 2013
£000 £000
Current service cost 8,013 7,102
Net interest on net defined benefit liability 1,261 1,783
Total operating charge 9,274 8,885
Approximately 64% of the service cost for 2014 relates to final salary members and 36% relates to CARE members.
Maturity profile of Defined Benefit Obligation
The Scheme is maturing over time with 32% of the members in the Scheme at 30 June 2014 being retired members –
the approximate duration of the Scheme’s liabilities is around 20 years. The expected benefit payments from the Scheme
over the next few years is as follows.
£m
Expected benefit payments during year ending 31-Dec-15 21.1
Expected benefit payments during year ending 31-Dec-16 21.7
Expected benefit payments during year ending 31-Dec-17 22.5
Expected benefit payments during year ending 31-Dec-18 23.3
Expected benefit payments during year ending 31-Dec-19 24.2
Expected benefit payments during period 01-Jan-20 to 31-Dec-24 132.1
Expected benefit payments during period 01-Jan-25 to 31-Dec-29 167.0
Expected benefit payments from 01-Jan-30 onward 1,358.9
Overseas pension schemes
Lloyd’s operates a number of defined benefit schemes for qualifying employees based overseas. The actuarial valuations
of these pension schemes at 31 December 2014 resulted in a deficit of £2.3m (2013: £1.6m).
31 December 31 December
2014 2013
Development of net balance sheet position £000 £000
Value of assets 1,950 1,807
Actuarial value of scheme liabilities (4,272) (3,362)
Deficit in the scheme (2,322) (1,555)
Net defined benefit liability (2,322) (1,555)
The total expense recognised in other operating expenses of £0.1m (2013: £0.1m) represents the related current service
cost of these schemes. An actuarial loss of £0.8m has been recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income
(2013: gain of £0.2m).
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 162
Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
As at 31 December 2014
18. Pension schemes continued
Defined contribution plans
Lloyd’s operates a number of defined contribution retirement benefit schemes for qualifying employees based overseas.
The assets of the schemes are held separately from those of Lloyd’s in funds under the control of the trustees.
In some countries, employees are members of state-managed retirement benefit schemes. Lloyd’s is required to
contribute a specified percentage of payroll costs to fund these benefits. The only obligation of Lloyd’s with respect
to the retirement benefit scheme is to make the specified contributions.
The total expense recognised in the Group income statement of £0.5m (2013: £0.1m) represents contributions payable
to these schemes by Lloyd’s at rates specified in the rules of these schemes.
19. Provisions
2014
Undertakings 2014 2014
given to Income Lloyd’s 2014
insolvent Assistance Performance Lease Cost 2014 2014 2014
members Scheme Plan Provision Restructuring Run off Total
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Balance at 1 January 10,859 3,468 9,154 17,166 – – 40,647
Charged in the year 800 – 7,579 2,683 – 520 11,582
Utilised in the year (5,800) (413) (7,292) (4,599) – (95) (18,199)
Balance at 31 December 5,859 3,055 9,441 15,250 – 425 34,030
2013
Undertakings 2013 2013 Restated
given to Income Lloyd’s 2013 Restated
insolvent Assistance Performance Lease Cost 2013 2013 2013
members Scheme Plan Provision Restructuring Run off Total
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Balance at 1 January 14,028 3,855 7,404 14,737 2,056 – 42,080
Charged/(released) in the year 17,758 – 8,327 3,252 (89) – 29,248
Utilised in the year (20,927) (387) (6,577) (823) (1,967) – (30,681)
Balance at 31 December 10,859 3,468 9,154 17,166 – – 40,647
Provision for undertakings given to insolvent members
The Council has given undertakings with financial limits to certain corporate members to use the New Central Fund to
discharge the liability of those members where they have unpaid cash calls and do not have the resources to meet those
cash calls.
The purpose of these undertakings is primarily to allow valid claims made on policies underwritten by those insolvent
members to continue to be paid in full. For those corporate members in provisional liquidation, the Council has also
provided a supporting commitment, which will ensure that in no circumstance will an insurance creditor receive less
than the amount it would have received in a winding-up commencing on the date of the provisional liquidation.
2014 2014 2013 2013
Note £000 £000 £000 £000
Provisions for amounts payable at 1 January 10,859 14,028
Undertakings granted in the year 4 800 17,758
Analysis of paid undertakings by member:
Flectat Limited – (3,527)
Ebury Underwriting Limited (2,800) (8,400)
Hermanus Underwriting Limited (3,000) (9,000)
Paid during the year (5,800) (20,927)
Undertakings given to insolvent members at 31 December 5,859 10,859
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 163
Income support schemes
The Income Assistance Scheme was effective from 1 January 2010 and replaced both the Hardship Income Top-up Scheme
and the Income and Housing Support Scheme. The Income Assistance Scheme is permanent and replaces the discretionary
nature of the previous schemes and guarantees ongoing payment of income assistance to eligible members of the previous
schemes until the full undertaking has been utilised, other than in the event that Lloyd’s faces severe financial stress.
Lloyd’s Performance Plan (LPP)
The Society introduced a performance plan for all employees, effective from 1 January 2008 that is related to the results of
the Lloyd’s market. Details of the plan are outlined in the report of the Remuneration Committee on pages 107-109.
Included within the charge for the year and provision utilised are National Insurance contributions of £1.1m (2013: £1.0m).
Lease cost provision
The lease cost provision represents the Society’s obligations in respect to the contractual capital expenditure and
dilapidation cost under fully repairing leases. The amount has been restated in 2013 following a change in accounting
for contractual capital expenditure and dilapidation cost as disclosed in Note 1.
Restructuring provisions
The provision was mainly in respect of obligations towards former employees arising from the restructuring programme.
Run-off provision
The run-off provision is in relation to Centrewrite Limited and represents costs associated with running-off the business
and obligations that have been incurred which are recognised to the extent they are not expected to be recovered by
future profits or investment income of the operation. This was previously presented as part of insurance technical
provisions.
20. Trade and other payables
Restated
2014 2013
£000 £000
Due within one year:
Trade and other creditors 63,368 48,132
Insurance and reinsurance payables 45,891 33,147
Members’ subscriptions and contributions repayable 51,906 26,804
Taxation and social security 2,198 1,962
Arbitration awards 1,988 2,558
Interest payable on subordinated loan notes 19,640 18,147
184,991 130,750
21. Trade and other receivables due within one year
2014 2013
£000 £000
Due within one year:
Trade (net of allowance for impairment) 5,175 3,230
Insurance and reinsurance receivables 15,903 12,759
Interest receivable 14,478 16,981
Taxation and social security 1,368 1,055
Overseas office deposits 3,135 1,464
Amounts due from underwriters 2,595 2,074
Other receivables 10,224 2,132
52,878 39,695
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 164
Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
As at 31 December 2014
22. Financial instruments
Explanations of the Society’s financial instrument risk management objectives, policies and strategies are set out in the
discussion of the Society’s financial risk management and treasury policies on pages 120-121 of the Financial Review.
Fair values and credit risk
The methods and assumptions used in estimating the fair value of financial instruments are detailed in note 2F on pages
134-135.
The fair value (based on the quoted offer prices) of subordinated debt is £970.0m (2013: £793.8m) against a carrying
value measured at amortised cost of £885.5m (2013: £720.5m). All other financial instruments are either held at fair
value or at an amount that approximates fair value.
At the reporting date there were no significant concentrations of credit risk. The maximum exposure to credit risk is
represented by the carrying value of each financial asset, including derivative financial instruments, in the Group
statement of financial position. Exposures under guarantees entered into by the Society are detailed in note 27.
Impairment losses
Trade receivables
The ageing of trade receivables as at 31 December 2014 was as follows:
2014 2014 2014 2013 2013 2013
Gross Impairment Net Gross Impairment Net
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Not past due 5,150 – 5,150 2,834 – 2,834
Past due 31-120 days 6 – 6 316 – 316
More than 120 days 114 (95) 19 402 (322) 80
Total 5,270 (95) 5,175 3,552 (322) 3,230
The Society’s normal credit terms are 30 days. Receivables of more than 120 days represent amounts due from members
no longer underwriting in respect of Society charges.
The movement in the allowance for impairment in respect of trade receivables during the year was as follows:
2014 2013
£000 £000
Balance at 1 January 322 346
Additional allowances during the year charged to the Group income statement 22 46
Allowances released during the year credited to the Group income statement (88) (16)
Recoveries during the year (161) (54)
Balance at 31 December 95 322
Sensitivity analysis
Foreign currency exposure
Currency risk is the risk that the sterling value of the Society’s assets and liabilities will fluctuate due to changes in
foreign exchange rates. The Society’s exposure to the risk of changes in the foreign exchange rates relates primarily to
retranslating foreign currency subordinated notes, revaluation of loans recoverable and changes in the fair value of
foreign currency denominated investments and forward contracts.
Debt securities sensitivities
The value of the Society’s investments in debt securities is affected by changes in the level of yields, as determined by the
financial markets.
As at 31 December 2014, a consistent increase of 100 basis points in the yields applicable to all relevant securities would
have reduced the surplus before tax by approximately £33m (2013: £42m). This analysis assumes that all other variables,
in particular foreign currency exchange rates, remain constant. In practice, actual results may differ.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 165
Equity price risk
Equity price risk is the risk that the market values of equity investments fall. At 31 December 2014, a 15% fall in
the value of all the Society’s equity investments would have reduced the surplus before tax by approximately £75m
(2013: £61m). This analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular foreign currency exchange rates, remain
constant. In practice, actual results may differ.
Foreign exchange risk
The majority of foreign exchange exposures arising from investments denominated in foreign currencies are managed
via a foreign exchange hedging programme. However, some net exposures to foreign currencies remain and the sterling
value of the Society’s investments may be impacted by movements in exchange rates relating to these exposures.
At 31 December 2014, a 10% rise in the value of sterling, against all other currencies, would have reduced the surplus
before tax by £24m (2013: £17m). This analysis assumes that all other variables remain constant. In practice, actual
results may differ.
Liquidity risk
The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Society’s non-derivative financial liabilities as at 31 December 2014
based on undiscounted contractual cash flows:
Carrying Contractual Within 1-2 2-5 More than 5
amount cash flows 1 year years years years
As at 31 December 2014 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Subordinated loan notes 496,993 (742,357) (28,607) (23,750) (71,250) (618,750)
Perpetual subordinated capital securities 388,490 (479,287) (29,091) (29,091) (421,105) –
Loans funding statutory insurance deposits 472,136 (472,136) (472,136) – – –
Trade and other payables 184,991 (184,991) (184,991) – – –
1,542,610 (1,878,771) (714,825) (52,841) (492,355) (618,750)
Carrying Contractual Within 1-2 2-5 More than 5
amount cash flows 1 year years years years
As at 31 December 2013 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Subordinated loan notes 330,064 (362,193) (198,417) (163,776) – –
Perpetual subordinated capital securities 390,455 (508,378) (29,091) (29,091) (450,196) –
Loans funding statutory insurance deposits 518,090 (518,090) (518,090) – – –
Trade and other payables as restated 130,750 (130,750) (130,750) – – –
1,369,359 (1,519,411) (876,348) (192,867) (450,196) –
The contractual cash flows have been based on the expectation, but not the obligation, that the subordinated loan notes
and perpetual subordinated capital securities are redeemed at the first option date.
Forward currency contracts are settled gross; notional amounts are a close proxy for gross cash flow amounts. Further
details regarding the subordinated loan notes and the perpetual subordinated capital securities can be found in note 17
on pages 155-156. Information regarding financial guarantees, all of which could theoretically be called on within one
year, can be found in note 27 on page 171.
Derivative financial instruments
The Society enters into forward currency contracts to manage exposures to fluctuation of exchange rates and to provide
a service to the Lloyd’s market. The Society’s derivative financial instruments are categorised as fair value Level 2 for
disclosure purposes.
2014 2013
Analysis of forward currency contracts: £000 £000
Outstanding forward foreign exchange gains 17,774 48,148
Outstanding forward foreign exchange losses (21,461) (21,694)
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 166
Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
As at 31 December 2014
22. Financial instruments continued
Derivative financial instruments continued
The fair value and notional amounts of forward currency contracts, all of which mature within one year, are analysed as follows:
2014 Assets 2014 Liabilities
Fair value Notional Fair value Notional
As at 31 December 2014 £000 £000 £000 £000
Currency conversion service (CCS) 2,672 190,203 (3,069) (190,600)
Other forward foreign exchange contracts 12,292 1,196,063 (14,417) (1,198,188)
Interest rate swaps 2,810 56,804 (3,975) (56,804)
17,774 1,443,070 (21,461) (1,445,592)
2013 Assets 2013 Liabilities
Fair value Notional Fair value Notional
As at 31 December 2013 £000 £000 £000 £000
Currency conversion service (CCS) 11,900 190,418 (14,369) (192,887)
Other forward foreign exchange contracts 36,248 1,549,972 (7,325) (1,521,049)
48,148 1,740,390 (21,694) (1,713,936)
Fair value hierarchy
2014 2014 2014 2014
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Notes £000 £000 £000 £000
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Statutory insurance deposits
Listed securities – 3,164 – 3,164
Unlisted securities – 222,132 – 222,132
Deposits with credit institutions – 252,198 – 252,198
Total statutory insurance deposits 15A – 477,494 – 477,494
Other investments
Listed securities 924,063 679,840 – 1,603,903
Equity investments 499,403 – – 499,403
Unlisted securities – 211,935 – 211,935
Deposits with credit institutions 179,656 – – 179,656
Total other investments 15B 1,603,122 891,775 – 2,494,897
Derivative financial instruments
Currency conversion service – 2,672 – 2,672
Other forward foreign exchange contracts – 12,292 – 12,292
Interest rate swaps – 2,810 – 2,810
Total derivative financial instruments 22 – 17,774 – 17,774
Loans recoverable 14 – – 46,439 46,439
Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 1,603,122 1,387,043 46,439 3,036,604
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Derivative financial instruments
Currency conversion service – (3,069) – (3,069)
Other forward foreign exchange contracts – (14,417) – (14,417)
Interest rate swaps – (3,975) – (3,975)
Total derivative financial instruments 22 – (21,461) – (21,461)
Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss – (21,461) – (21,461)
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 167
Fair value hierarchy continued
2013 2013 2013 2013
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Notes £000 £000 £000 £000
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Statutory insurance deposits
Listed securities – 2,316 – 2,316
Unlisted securities – 260,108 – 260,108
Deposits with credit institutions – 264,916 – 264,916
Total statutory insurance deposits 15A – 527,340 – 527,340
Other investments
Listed securities 732,547 890,075 – 1,622,622
Equity investments 405,420 – – 405,420
Unlisted securities – 154,956 – 154,956
Deposits with credit institutions 82,660 – – 82,660
Total other investments 15B 1,220,627 1,045,031 – 2,265,658
Derivative financial instruments
Currency conversion service – 11,900 – 11,900
Other forward foreign exchange contracts – 36,248 – 36,248
Total derivative financial instruments 22 – 48,148 – 48,148
Loans recoverable 14 – – 43,499 43,499
Total financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 1,220,627 1,620,519 43,499 2,884,645
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Derivative financial instruments
Currency conversion service – (14,369) – (14,369)
Other forward foreign exchange contracts – (7,325) – (7,325)
Total derivative financial instruments 22 – (21,694) – (21,694)
Total financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss – (21,694) – (21,694)
Level 1
Inputs to Level 1 fair values are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. An active market is one in which
transactions for the asset occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.
Examples are listed debt securities in active markets or listed equities in active markets or listed deposits held with
credit institutions in active markets.
Level 2
Inputs to Level 2 fair values are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset,
either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices) and fair value is determined through the use of
models or other valuation methodologies. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar (i.e. not identical) assets in
active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active or in which little information is
released publicly, unlisted deposits held with credit institutions in active markets, low volatility hedge funds where
tradeable net asset values are published.
Level 3
Inputs to Level 3 fair values are inputs that are unobservable for the asset. Unobservable inputs have been used to measure
fair value where observable inputs are not available, allowing for situations where there is little or no market activity.
Unobservable inputs reflect assumptions that the Society considers that market participants would use in pricing the asset
and have been based on a combination of independent third party evidence and internally developed models.
The Society’s loans recoverable are categorised within Level 3 fair values for disclosure purposes (refer to note 14).
Recoverable Central Fund loans made to hardship members are managed on a fair value basis and relate solely to the
revaluation of hardship, LFAA and legal assets. Gains and losses arising from changes in the fair value are included in
the group income statement in the period in which they arise. The revaluation process is carried out twice a year at both
interim and year end.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 168
Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
As at 31 December 2014
22. Financial instruments continued
Fair value hierarchy continued
Fair values are determined by reference to an estimate of the valuation of the underlying securities at the dates at which
they may be exercised and discounted back to present day values. The securities include both properties and hardship
trust fund assets. A security can normally only be exercised on the later of the date of death of the member or of their
spouse. This date is assessed using actuarial assumptions.
There have been no significant transfers between levels 1, 2 and 3 for the year ended 31 December 2014.
The fair value movements during the year are recognised as finance income or finance costs in the Group income
statement.
Sensitivity analysis
Loans recoverable sensitivities
The value of loans recoverable is affected by changes in both property and hardship trust fund values. The property
values are determined by a valuation being carried out periodically together with applying Halifax price indices
bi-annually to revalue the assets at interim and year end. Inflationary increases are then applied to both property values
and hardship trust funds until the estimated exercised date and then discounted back to present day values. Inflationary
increases are based on Management’s best estimate taking current economic conditions into account.
As at 31 December 2014, a decrease of 100 basis points in the property values, comprising the greatest part of the total
balance, would have reduced the surplus before tax by approximately £0.2m (31 December 2013: £0.5m). This analysis
assumes that all other variables, including inflationary increases and discounted rates, remain the same.
23. Equity
Accumulated reserves
Restated
2014 2013
£000 £000
Attributable to:
Corporation of Lloyd’s 71,934 97,249
Central Fund 1,589,844 1,512,638
Associates 7,958 7,897
1,669,736 1,617,784
The 2013 comparatives have been restated due to the change in accounting for foreign currency operations from
recognising exchange differences within the Group income statement to recognition within the Group statement of
comprehensive income. It also includes impact of restatement due to changes in accounting for contractual capital
expenditure and dilapidation cost under fully repairing leases.
Revaluation reserve
The revaluation reserve is used to record increases in the fair value of the Lloyd’s Collection and decreases to the extent
that such decreases relate to the amount previously recognised in the Group statement of comprehensive income.
Translation reserve
The translation reserve is used to record foreign exchange gains and losses recognised in other comprehensive income as
a result of translating the results and financial position of Group entities that have a functional currency different from
the presentation currency.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 169
24. Cash generated from operations
Restated
2014 2013
Notes £000 £000
Surplus before tax 109,038 79,280
Finance cost - deficit on subordinated note repurchase 17 8,929 15,162
Net finance income 7 (44,603) (4,717)
Realised/unrealised exchange (gains)/losses on borrowings (6,864) 6,126
Share of profits of associates 12A (7,577) (6,843)
Operating surplus 58,923 89,008
Central Fund claims and provisions incurred 4 812 17,758
Operating surplus before Central Fund claims and provisions 59,735 106,766
Adjustments for:
Depreciation of plant and equipment 10 4,244 4,221
Amortisation of intangible assets 9 121 358
Impairment losses 10 – 5,279
Losses on sale and revaluation of fixed assets 225 842
(Losses)/gains on investments (6,111) 7,418
Unrealised gains/(losses) on translation of foreign operations 6,202 (994)
Foreign exchange (gains)/losses on operating activities (560) 2,675
Operating surplus before working capital changes and claims paid 63,856 126,565
Changes in pension obligations 4,009 4,095
Decrease/(increase) in receivables 17,816 (1,245)
Increase in inventories (24) (20)
Increase/(decrease) in payables 33,835 (10,262)
(Decrease)/increase in provisions other than for Central Fund claims (1,629) 1,736
Cash generated from operations before claims paid 117,863 120,869
Claims paid in respect of corporate/insolvent members 19 (5,800) (20,927)
Cash generated from operations 112,063 99,942
25. Commitments
A. Capital expenditure commitments
Capital expenditure commitments contracted but not provided for in the financial statements totalled £6.6m
(2013: £9.3m).
B. Operating lease commitments – Lloyd’s as lessee
Restated
2014 2013
£000 £000
Non-cancellable operating lease rentals are payable as follows:
Within one year 30,955 28,218
After one year but not more than five years 92,977 98,354
More than five years 219,677 239,986
Commitments outstanding under the terms of the lease for the Lloyd’s 1986 building have been included at the current
rental value (£16.8m per annum) to the first break of the lease in 2021. The lease was subject to a rent review in October
2012; the next review will be undertaken in March 2016.
The Lloyd’s Chatham building is included at the current rental value (£0.4m per annum). The lease was terminated
by mutual agreement on 31 October 2013. During the year ended 31 December 2013 Lloyd’s entered into a new lease
which was subject to a rent free period of 21 months. The lease expires in October 2028.
During the year ended 31 December 2013 Lloyd’s entered into a new lease for the Lloyd’s Datacentre in Redhill.
The lease was subject to a rent free period in the first year. The lease expires in September 2023.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 170
Notes to the Financial Statements
continued
As at 31 December 2014
25. Commitments continued
B. Operating lease commitments – Lloyd’s as lessee continued
During the year ended 31 December 2014 Lloyd’s entered into new leases for the Lloyd’s Datacentres in New Jersey
and Hong Kong. The leases expire in August 2019 and October 2019 respectively.
Subsidiary undertakings are party to a number of small operating leases mainly for property rental and small machinery.
The commitments outstanding have been included at the current rental value to the first break in the lease. These
arrangements do not impose any significant restrictions on the Society.
During the year ended 31 December 2014, £25.9m (2013: £27.4m) was recognised as an expense in the Group income
statement in respect of operating leases.
C. Operating lease commitments – Lloyd’s as lessor
2014 2013
£000 £000
Non-cancellable operating lease rentals are receivable as follows:
Within one year 5,776 5,534
After one year but not more than five years 3,033 8,875
More than five years – –
The three major tenants for the Lloyd’s 1986 building are included at the current rental value to the first break in the
leases in 2016 and 2017.
Subsidiary undertakings are party to a number of small operating leases for property sub-rental. The lease rentals
receivable have been included at current rental value to the first break in the lease.
During the year ended 31 December 2014, £11.7m(2013: £12.0m) was recognised as income in the Group income
statement in respect of operating leases.
26. Disclosure of related party transactions
The Group financial statements include the financial statements of the Society and all of its subsidiary undertakings,
the Lloyd’s Central Fund and the Group’s interests in its associates and joint venture as listed in note 11.
Services provided to Ins-sure Holdings Limited Group in the year ended 31 December 2014 included operating systems
support and development, premises and other administrative services.
Services provided to Xchanging Claims Services Limited Group in the year ended 31 December 2014 included premises
and other administrative services.
Services provided to The Message Exchange Limited in the year ended 31 December 2014 included the provision of
messaging infrastructure.
The following table provides the total amount of transactions that have been entered into with related parties for the
relevant financial years together with information regarding the outstanding balances at 31 December 2014 and 2013.
Sales to Purchases from Amounts owed Amounts owed
related parties related parties by related parties to related parties
2014 2013 2014 2013 2014 2013 2014 2013
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Associates:
Ins-sure Holdings Limited 291 286 2,972 4,695 4 4 208 460
Xchanging Claims Services Limited 102 99 – 6 3 3 – –
Joint venture:
The Message Exchange Limited – – 1,076 958 – – 44 69
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 171
Transactions with associates and joint arrangements are priced on an arm’s length basis.
Michael Watson, a member of Council from February 2014, is also a Director of Flectat Limited which benefited from
undertakings given by the Council in 2013 to meet unpaid cash calls. Amounts paid under these undertakings during
the period are disclosed in note 19.
In the normal course of business, the Society may enter into transactions with Lloyd’s market businesses in which
members of Council and the Franchise Board may have an interest.
Details of the compensation paid to key management personnel including short-term employee benefits,
post-employment benefits, other long-term benefits and termination benefits are disclosed within the Report
of the Remuneration Committee on pages 96-112.
27. Contingent liabilities
(a) General average guarantees have been given on behalf of, and secured by, Lloyd’s underwriters. It is estimated
that the aggregate of the liabilities attaching to these guarantees at 31 December 2014 amounted to £24.9m
(31 December 2013 £26.7m).
b) The Society has taken on the responsibilities of some individual members under hardship and other agreements.
In connection with the statutory transfer to Equitas Insurance Limited on 30 June 2009 of the non-life business
underwritten at Lloyd’s and allocated to 1992 or prior years of account, the Society has entered into undertakings
for the benefit of certain policyholders of Equitas Insurance Limited (former policyholders of PCW syndicates or
of members who at the material time still have the benefit of hardship or other agreements with the Society), under
which the Society would meet any shortfall in recoveries by such policyholders from Equitas Insurance Limited on
the occurrence of an ‘Equitas Insolvency Event’.
The Society has also given an unlimited undertaking to its subsidiary undertaking Centrewrite Limited to meet any
shortfall in its cashflow or assets (including any shortfall arising from an insufficiency of recoveries from Equitas
Reinsurance Limited under its reinsurance of the obligations of Centrewrite Limited to Equitas Insurance Limited).
c) Uncollateralised bank guarantees and other arrangements have been entered into by the Society to provide security
in connection with the underwriting activities of the members of Lloyd’s in the countries shown:
2014 2013
£000 £000
Guarantees provided by the Society:
USA: US$1,500,000 (2013: US$1,500,000) 962 906
The Society has also entered into other arrangements in connection with the rental of office space in overseas countries.
In respect of all contingent liabilities disclosed as at 31 December 2014, no provision has been made in the Society
financial statements.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Society Report 172
Five Year Summary
As at 31 December 2014
Restated Restated
2014 2013 2012 2011 2010
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Operating income 219,864 216,521 212,666 215,085 210,193
Central Fund contributions 101,971 105,953 104,959 94,693 100,858
General insurance net premium income 4 7 4 523 1,463
Other Group income 13,632 3,111 2,395 6,598 215,822
Total income 335,471 325,592 320,024 316,899 528,336
Central Fund claims and provisions (incurred)/released (812) (17,758) (26,447) (15,283) 34,245
Central Fund repayment (48,995) – – – –
Gross insurance claims (incurred)/released (13,841) (20,326) (11,695) 22,717 11,602
Insurance claims recoverable from reinsurers 14,360 20,385 11,801 1,492 4,864
Other Group operating expenses:
Employment (including pension costs) (108,309) (102,487) (98,128) (116,415) (92,464)
Premises (42,226) (46,099) (40,660) (44,009) (42,755)
Legal and professional (20,734) (17,002) (14,070) (19,707) (18,835)
Systems and communications (23,563) (23,353) (22,826) (27,965) (27,920)
Other (32,428) (29,944) (29,992) (40,486) (32,509)
Total other Group operating expenses (227,260) (218,885) (205,676) (248,582) (214,483)
Surplus before finance, associates and tax 58,923 89,008 88,007 77,243 364,564
Finance costs
Deficit on subordinated debt repurchase (8,929) (15,162) – – –
Other (48,920) (55,642) (62,198) (64,370) (66,143)
Finance income
Surplus on subordinated debt repurchase – – – 4,248 1,470
Other 93,523 60,359 114,855 90,369 131,436
Realised/unrealised exchange gains/(losses) on borrowings 6,864 (6,126) 6,107 5,428 7,954
Share of profits of associates 7,577 6,843 5,945 4,927 5,084
Surplus before tax 109,038 79,280 152,716 117,845 444,365
Tax charge (17,543) (13,884) (33,880) (28,495) (121,752)
Surplus for the year 91,495 65,396 118,836 89,350 322,613
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Appendix 173
Managing Agents and Syndicates
The table shows the key characteristics for managing agents and syndicates active as at 31 December 2014. In 2014,
Lloyd’s wrote gross premiums of £25,283m.
2014 2013 Owned share
Managed GWP* GWP* of syndicate(s)
Managing agent syndicate(s) £m £m %
ACE Underwriting Agencies Limited 2488 375 371 100%
Advent Underwriting Limited 0780 126 135 100%
AEGIS Managing Agency Limited 1225 371 367 100%
Allied World Managing Agency Limited 2232 116 96 100%
Amlin Underwriting Limited 2001 1,538 1,472 100%
AmTrust at Lloyd’s Limited 0044 15 9 100%
1206 183 183 100%
Antares Managing Agency Limited 1274 251 246 91%
ANV Syndicates Limited 0779 16 26 32%
1861 198 155 100%
1969 152 121 0%
5820 239 129 17%
Arch Underwriting at Lloyd's Ltd 2012 151 158 100%
Argenta Syndicate Management Limited 1110 138 103 0%
2121 218 239 43%
Argo Managing Agency Limited 1200 380 425 87%
Ark Syndicate Management Limited 4020 335 359 93%
6105 40 13 0%
Ascot Underwriting Limited 1414 574 625 100%
Aspen Managing Agency Limited 4711 299 279 100%
Asta Managing Agency Limited 1686 87 – 0%
1729 41 – 0%
1897 91 75 0%
1910 193 204 0%
2357 20 9 0%
2525 42 39 0%
2526 39 53 0%
4242 82 80 0%
6117 33 – 0%
Atrium Underwriters Limited 0609 365 380 25%
Barbican Managing Agency Limited 1955 274 279 100%
6113 28 23 44%
6118 71 – 0%
Beaufort Underwriting Agency Limited 0318 136 149 91%
Beazley Furlonge Limited 0623 227 240 7%
2623 1,032 1,093 100%
3622 13 13 100%
3623 152 134 100%
6107 17 19 44%
Brit Syndicates Limited 2987 1,303 1,183 100%
Canopius Managing Agents Limited 0260 60 67 93%
0958 192 172 61%
4444 727 704 90%
6115 65 71 100%
Cathedral Underwriting Limited 2010 219 273 58%
3010 45 27 100%
Catlin Underwriting Agencies Limited 2003 1,975 1,911 100%
2088 47 49 0%
3002 10 10 100%
6111 129 108 0%
6112 39 38 100%
6119 16 – 0%
Chaucer Syndicates Limited 1084 899 888 100%
1176 24 27 57%
Chubb Managing Agent Limited 1882 88 81 100%
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Appendix 174
Managing Agents and Syndicates
continued
2014 2013 Owned share
Managed GWP* GWP* of syndicate(s)
Managing agent continued syndicate(s) £m £m %
ERS Syndicate Management Limited 0218 388 406 67%
Faraday Underwriting Limited 0435 208 234 100%
Hardy (Underwriting Agencies) Limited 0382 266 291 100%
HCC Underwriting Agency Limited 4141 81 87 100%
Hiscox Syndicates Limited 0033 832 823 73%
3624 324 306 100%
6104 49 43 0%
Liberty Syndicate Management Limited 4472 1,234 1,268 100%
Managing Agency Partners Limited 2791 170 261 20%
6103 9 21 6%
Markel Syndicate Management Limited 3000 419 369 100%
Marketform Managing Agency Limited 2468 191 186 70%
Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Underwriting at Lloyd's Limited 3210 351 343 100%
Montpelier at Lloyd’s Limited 5151 172 150 100%
Munich Re Underwriting Limited 0457 446 511 100%
Navigators Underwriting Agency Limited 1221 234 235 100%
Newline Underwriting Management Limited 1218 102 106 100%
Novae Syndicates Limited 2007 659 608 97%
Pembroke Managing Agency Limited 2014 60 – 0%
4000 250 273 100%
QBE Underwriting Limited 0386 333 449 70%
2999 888 1,118 100%
R&Q Managing Agency Limited 1991 35 5 43%
Renaissance Re Syndicate Management Limited 1458 165 141 100%
S.A. Meacock & Company Limited 0727 68 70 16%
Shelbourne Syndicate Services Limited 2008 18 25 100%
Sirius International Managing Agency Limited 1945 67 59 100%
Sportscover Underwriting Limited 3334 56 88 100%
Starr Managing Agents Limited 1919 270 289 100%
Talbot Underwriting Limited 1183 669 698 100%
The Chnannel Managing Agency Limited 2015 162 124 100%
Tokio Marine Kiln Syndicates Limited 0308 27 31 50%
0510 1,097 1,169 55%
0557 20 30 0%
1880 147 237 100%
Torus Underwriting Management Limited 1301 141 148 79%
Travelers Syndicate Management Limited 5000 312 331 100%
Vibe Syndicate Management Limited 5678 5 – 100%
W. R. Berkley Syndicate Management Limited 1967 150 136 100%
XL London Market Limited 1209 302 307 100%
All other syndicates, SPS and RITC adjustments (590) (271)
Total 25,283 25,615
As at 31 December 2014
* See Glossary on page 175.
Name changes and managing agent changes during 2014 or after:
Syndicate 1110, previously managed by Argenta Syndicates Management LImited, transferred to ProSight Specialty Managing Agency Limited
Syndicate 1861, previously managed by ANV Syndicate Management Limited, transferred to ANV Syndicates Limited
Syndicate 1897, previously managed by R&Q Managing Agency LImited, transferred to Asta Managing Agency Limited
Syndicate 1945, previously managed by Asta Managing Agency LImited, transferred to Sirius International Managing Agency Limited
Syndicate 1969, previously managed by ANV Syndicate Management Limited, transferred to ANV Syndicates Limited
Syndicate 2015, previously managed by Asta Managing Agency LImited, transferred to The Channel Managing Agency Limited
Equity Syndicate Management Limited changed to ERS Syndicate Management Limited
R.J. Kiln & Co. Limited changed to Tokio Marine Kiln Syndicates Limited
The following syndicates ceased trading at 31 December 2014:
Canopius Managing Agents Limited 260 / Barbican Managing Agency Limited 6113 / Canopius Managing Agents Limited 6115
As at 25 March 2015 the following syndicates commenced trading for the 2015 year of account:
Charles Taylor Managing Agency Limited 1884 / Barbican Managing Agency Limited 6120 / Catlin Underwriting Agencies Limited 6121
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Appendix 175
Glossary of Terms
Set out below is a guide to insurance and Lloyd’s-related Council
terms. These are not precise definitions but are included Created by Lloyd’s Act 1982, the Council has the
to provide assistance to readers as to the general meaning management and superintendence of the affairs of the
of terms commonly used in the Lloyd’s market. Formal Society and the power to regulate and direct the business
definitions are set out in the definitions byelaw. of insurance at Lloyd’s.
Accident year ratio Coverholder
The accident year ratio is calculated as expenses and A firm either in the UK or overseas that is authorised by
incurred losses (paid and reserves) for claims occurring in a managing agent under the terms of a binding authority
the year as a proportion of net premiums earned during the to enter into contracts of insurance to be underwritten by
year. It excludes movements during the calendar year on members of a syndicate managed by the managing agent.
claims, expenses and premium estimates for previous years. A Lloyd’s broker may act as a coverholder.
Active underwriter Financial Conduct Authority (FCA)
A person employed by a managing agent with principal On 1 April 2013, the UK financial services regulatory
authority to accept insurance and reinsurance risks on regime saw the Financial Services Authority split into the
behalf of the members of a syndicate. Prudential Regulatory Authority (PRA) and the
Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). The FCA supervises
Binding authority the conduct of the UK financial services industry.
An agreement between a Lloyd’s managing agent and
a coverholder under which the Lloyd’s managing agent Franchise Board
delegates its authority to enter into a contract or The board established by the Council with responsibility
contracts of insurance to be underwritten by the for creating and maintaining a commercial environment
members of a syndicate. at Lloyd’s in which the long-term return to all capital
providers is maximised. This includes setting the Risk
Calendar year ratio Management Framework and profitability targets for
This is the combined ratio (see below) and is the sum the market.
of the accident year ratio (see above) and the prior years’
reserve movements (see below). Funds at Lloyd’s (FAL)
Capital lodged and held in trust at Lloyd’s as security
Callable layer for the policyholders and to support a member’s overall
Central Fund assets may be supplemented by a ‘callable underwriting business.
layer’ of up to 3% of members’ overall premium limits in
any one calendar year. These funds would be drawn from Gross Written Premiums (GWP)
premium trust funds. Written insurance premiums, gross of reinsurance and
acquisition costs.
Central assets
The net assets of the Society including the Central Fund, Integrated Lloyd’s Vehicle (ILV)
but excluding the subordinated debt liability and the An arrangement in which a syndicate’s capital is wholly
callable layer. provided by corporate members that are under the same
ownership and control as the syndicate’s managing agent.
Central Fund
The fund financed by (among other things) contributions Managing agent
from Lloyd’s members and administered by the Council An underwriting agent responsible for managing a
primarily as a fund for the protection of policyholders, syndicate, or multiple syndicates.
and includes both the ‘Old’ Central Fund and the New
Central Fund. Member (of the Society)
A person admitted to the membership of the Society.
Combined ratio
A measure of an insurer’s underwriting profitability based Name
on the ratio of net incurred claims plus net operating A member of the Society who is an individual and who
expenses to net earned premiums. A combined ratio of trades on an unlimited basis.
100% is break even (before taking into account investment
returns). A ratio less than 100% is an underwriting profit. New Central Fund
The New Central Fund constituted by and governed by
Corporate member the New Central Fund Byelaw (No. 23 of 1996).
A company incorporated with limited liability, a Scottish
limited partnership or a limited liability partnership,
admitted to membership of the Society.
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

Appendix 176
Glossary of Terms
continued
Non-technical account insurance for members of its associated syndicate and/or
Under UK GAAP the profit and loss account must be associated insurance companies
divided between the technical account and the non-
technical account. Reported in the latter is all investment Special Purpose Syndicate (SPS)
return, although an element will be reanalysed to the A syndicate set up solely to underwrite a quota share
technical account, and any income and expenses that do reinsurance of another syndicate’s business for a year
not arise directly from the entity’s underwriting activity. of account.
Premiums Trust Funds (PTF) Spread syndicate
The premiums and other monies that members receive in A syndicate whose capital is provided by a number of
respect of their underwriting at Lloyd’s are held by their different members, including members that have separate
managing agents in trust for them subject to the ownership and control, to the syndicate’s managing agent.
discharge of their underwriting liabilities.
Spread vehicle
The premiums trust funds comprise a sterling fund, A corporate member underwriting on a number of
Lloyd’s American Trust Fund, Lloyd’s Dollar Trust different syndicates.
Funds, Lloyd’s Canadian Trust Fund and the Lloyd’s
Asia trust funds (which cover general business written Syndicate
through coverholders in Singapore). These premiums A member, or group of members, underwriting insurance
trust funds are available to fund overseas regulatory business at Lloyd’s through the agency of a managing
deposits, claims, return premiums, underwriting agent.
expenses and any profit that is payable to the member
after providing for all future liabilities. Syndicate allocated capacity
In relation to a syndicate the aggregate of the member’s
Prior years’ reserve movements syndicated premium limits of all the members for the
This is calculated as movements in reserves established time being of the syndicate.
for claims that occurred in previous accident years as a
proportion of net premiums earned during the year. Technical account
Under UK GAAP the profit and loss account must be
Prudential Regulatory Authority (PRA) divided between the technical account and the non-
On 1 April 2013, the UK financial services regulatory technical account. The technical account reports the results
regime saw the Financial Services Authority split into of the underwriting activity, premiums less claims less
the Prudential Regulatory Authority (PRA) and the expenses, and also includes an element of the investment
Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). The PRA is return reanalysed from the non-technical account.
responsible for the prudential regulation and supervision
of banks, building societies, credit unions, insurers and Tier 1 capital
major investment firms. The core measure of an insurer’s financial strength from
the viewpoint of the PRA. It consists of the most reliable
Realistic Disaster Scenarios (RDS) and liquid assets. The perpetual securities issued in 2007
A series of scenarios, both natural and man-made, qualify as tier 1 capital as the proceeds of the debt issue
which are used to assess the market’s risk profile to a are fully paid and immediately available; debt holders
variety of different catastrophes to enable better risk are subordinate to payment of claims.
management practices within Lloyd’s.
Traditional syndicate
Reinsurance to close (RITC) A syndicate whose members underwrite insurance
A reinsurance agreement under which members of a business at Lloyd’s for the current year of account and
syndicate for a year of account to be closed are reinsured which is neither an SPS syndicate nor an RITC syndicate.
by members who comprise that or another syndicate for
a later year of account against all liabilities arising out Year of account
of insurance business written by the reinsured syndicate. The year to which a risk is allocated and to which all
premiums and claims in respect of that risk are attributed.
Reinsurance to close (RITC) syndicate The year of account of a risk is usually determined by
A syndicate set up solely to underwrite the Reinsurance the calendar year in which the risk incepts. A year of
to Close of other syndicates. account is normally closed by reinsurance at the end
of 36 months.
Service company
An approved coverholder which Lloyd’s has agreed can
be classified as a “service company” by reason of it being
a wholly owned subsidiary of either a managing agent
or of a managing agent’s holding company and which
is normally only authorised to enter into contracts of
Lloyd’s Annual Report — 2014

HM The Queen visited Lloyd’s on 27 March 2014 to unveil a plaque commemorating the market’s 325th anniversary

Lloyd’s: The world’s specialist insurance market
Lloyd’s began 327 years ago, in Edward Lloyd’s coffee house
in the City of London, as the place where ship owners met
those with the capital to insure their ships and cargo.
Lloyd’s has been protecting business and trade ever since,
becoming the world’s leading market for specialist property
and casualty insurance.
This dynamic market brings together underwriters who
provide insurance coverage with brokers seeking the best
insurance for their clients. Business at Lloyd’s is still most
often undertaken face-to-face in the busy underwriting room,
where the subscription market enables different syndicates
to take a share of the same risk.
Lloyd’s offers a unique concentration of expertise and
talent, backed by strong financial ratings and international
licences. Its strength lies in the diversity and expertise of the
managing agents working at Lloyd’s, supported by capital
from across the world.
The Lloyd’s market provides a wide range of distribution
channels for managing agents (who manage syndicates)
to access specialist business, primarily through brokers,
coverholders and service companies.
Lloyd’s remains true to its original aim of helping clients
face their business challenges and setbacks with resilience.